===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-07 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. And welcome to the NiSource First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. Please note that all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Dave Rau, Communications. Please go ahead.
Dave Rau: Good morning. And welcome to the NiSource first quarter 2025 investor call. Joining me today are President and Chief Executive Officer, Lloyd Yates; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Shawn Anderson; Executive Vice President of Technology, Customer and Chief Commercial Officer, Michael Luhrs; and Executive Vice President and Group President NiSource Utilities, Melody Birmingham. Today, we will review NiSource’ financial performance for the first quarter and provide an update on operations and growth drivers. We’ll open the call to your questions following prepared remarks. Slides for today’s call are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. Some statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the risk factors and MD&A sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP earnings measures. Please refer to the supplemental slides, segment information and full financial schedules for information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Lloyd.
Lloyd Yates: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, everyone. I’ll begin on Slide 3. The NiSource strategy is simple. We are committed to delivering safe, reliable and affordable energy to our customers. We execute this strategy through efficient deployment of capital, safe asset operations and constructive regulatory mechanisms. These are converted into a reasonable return on invested capital, enhancements to our balance sheet position and offer a dependable and growing dividend. These are the foundation of the NiSource business plan, which continues to offer compelling value to stakeholders. Driven by regulated utility operations across premium jurisdictions with diversification across geography and fuel type and disciplined capital allocation. Advancing to Slide 4, we will step through our key priorities. Collaborative regulatory and stakeholder relationships and operating with excellence paves the way for NiSource to execute on its financial commitment. NiSource continues to work alongside stakeholders through regulatory processes to ensure resources are available for critical investments in safety, reliability and economic development. One example was a recent Ohio legislative proposal to modernize natural gas rate making. It passed Senate Bill 103, which shortened the time between capital outlay and recovery. This minimizes regulatory lag and maximizes the value of the investments for our communities. It also creates a special contract approval process to facilitate attracting new large low customers. This promotes economic development, greater job creation to enhance local tax base and would make Ohio more competitive with its surrounding states. Our dedication to operational excellence continues to advance as we leverage AI in our operations to revolutionize our company and how we deliver service to our communities while driving greater efficiency and enhancing the reliability of our business for our customers. Today, we reported first quarter 2025 adjusted EPS of $0.98, which is 15% above the same quarter of $0.85 reported one year ago. We are reaffirming 2025 adjusted EPS guidance of $1.85 to $1.89, as well as reaffirming annual 2025 to 2029 guidance for adjusted EPS of 6% to 8%, rate base of 8% to 10% and targeting 14% to 16% FFO-to-debt in all years of the plan. Our plan remains resilient and executable in the current macroeconomic environment. The stability of our regulatory foundation and intentional capital deployment is fundamental to the NiSource‘s business plan. Additionally, we are continuing commercial negotiations to support data center build out in Northern Indiana. While these negotiations continue, we have also advanced our pending application to the IURC to establish NIPSCO Genco and support mega low customers. Our testimony in this process supports four key goals. First, it protects existing system customers by separating costs. The Genco strategy shields existing customers from the financial impact of new capacity investments. Second, it allows us to construct the generation resources necessary to serve this customer class with the speed and flexibility that meets their needs. Third, it maintains NIPSCO’s financial integrity. As with all investments, we give thoughtful consideration to the risk profile of new investments and how those drive value and ensure a long-term cash flow quality for our business. Last, we’re preserving flexibility in our business model by creating another tool within our portfolio to meet the evolving needs of our customers. The declination filing request the commission to decline jurisdiction on a limited scope of activity related to Genco to support a data-centered development strategy. We are in active settlement negotiations, and while we cannot provide an update on this call, if there is any movement on this topic, notice of progress will be followed with the commission. This is an exciting opportunity to advance unprecedented development in Indiana, which could provide significant resources to communities and drive meaningful value to all stakeholders. We’re very pleased with the progress we’ve made and continue to work with potential customers to make this development strategy a reality. Moving on to Slide 5, our commitment to deliver operational excellence is evidenced from key initiatives to standardize work and enhance risk management. Last July, we launched our Work Management Intelligence Program at Columbia Gas of Ohio. Since then, productivity gains exceeded expectations and exceeded 40,000 hours across the service territory. We have extended our Work Management Intelligence Programs to Pennsylvania, Maryland, Kentucky, and Virginia. In these regions, we have observed consistent productivity gains averaging 16.5%. We are leveraging AI to revolutionize our company and its operations. To-date, more than 17 operation centers use AI-generated optimized schedules, resulting in over 60,000 hours of productivity improvement compared to the same period in 2023. And we have introduced real-time analytical dashboards, enabling tracking and performance evaluation at every level, from field operations to executive leadership. Continuous improvement is at the heart of the Project Apollo strategy, which targets sustainable cost savings by reducing inefficiency across our operations. In addition to leveraging AI, we further improve service and reduce waste through other key projects launched in 2025. Meanwhile, 75% of initiatives launched in 2024 continue to provide efficiency in 2025. Moving to Slide 6, we will highlight progress made on our regulatory agenda. We are proactive on the regulatory front through general rate case and rider filings. A Maryland final order approved in April continues a constructive path of approval for critical safety, compliance and reliability capital additions in the state, including nearly $11 million in investments in 2024. The Virginia rate case remains on track with an order expected in the second quarter. Our Pennsylvania team filed a new rate case to recover over $400 million of anticipated investment necessary to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers. Pennsylvania has a track record of constructive regulation, and our team has achieved a settlement with stakeholders in 11 of the last 12 rate cases. The final order is anticipated in the fourth quarter. The NIPSCO electric rate case has $2.5 million of incremental investments for our customers and communities in Northern Indiana. In February, we reached a settlement agreement making our seventh settlement in the last 10 years across both the electric and gas businesses. We expect a final order in third quarter. Our teams are continuously engaged with key stakeholders to deliver stable and predictable outcomes for our customers while ensuring safe and reliable service in our communities. I’ll now turn things over to Shawn.
Shawn Anderson: Thank you, Lloyd. I’d like to start on Slide 7 by highlighting the progress made in our capital expenditures program over the last quarter. In January, Dunns Bridge II launched commercial operations making the Dunns Bridge complex one of the largest solar generation facilities in the country. Fairbanks and Gibson construction remains on track with in-service expected this year. All panels were purchased in advance and are onsite reducing any inflationary risk associated with tariffs on renewable assets in our planning horizon. Across NIPSCO, we continue to advance our energy transition strategy. To-date, we’ve installed renewable nameplate capacity of 2,100 megawatts to support baseload generation for the region. The majority of these assets were negotiated at prices now approximately 50% lower than in today’s renewable marketplace. This locks in the cost of our capital investments and positions our customers to access a low cost energy option for the life of these assets. Continuing on to capital investments on Slide 8, there is no change to our capital guidance for our current plan horizon. The outlook projects over $19 billion of investment over the next five years, with over $2 billion of identified upside opportunities for safety and reliability of our infrastructure and customer service offerings. Our capital plan is not susceptible to concentration risk or extended construction timelines. Investments are diversified across electric generation projects, gas and electric customer growth and transmission and distribution modernization and system hardening. We continue to assess and actively develop our base plan to include only those investments that meet our standards. We continue to assess the incremental investment opportunities shared on Slide 9, which include data center generation, electric transmission and gas system investments to support incremental demand, including distribution, transmission and other infrastructure to support growing communities, the onshoring of manufacturing and new technology across the region. Finally, FERC regulated electric transmission projects and MISO’s multiyear long range transmission planning initiative are opportunities to further develop across and beyond our planning horizon. These investments are unquantified and sit outside the base and upside plans, which our guidance supports today. Additional development of these strategies is required to meet our threshold to include in either the base or upside capital investment plans. However, we are strongly positioned to advance these strategies. And once we’ve hit key milestones, new projects will flow through our plans. NiSource is able to be opportunistic in capital allocation decisions due to the strengthened financial profile of the company and enhanced balance sheet positioning. Now let’s cover the first quarter financial results on Slides 10 and 11. As Lloyd highlighted, adjusted EPS was $0.98 per share, a $0.13 per share increase versus the $0.85 reported in the same period last year and represents a 15% year-over-year growth, primarily driven by regulated revenues, recovering capital investments from 2024’s regulatory activity. These results strongly position NiSource to achieve our full year financial commitments. We have achieved over 52% of our projected midpoint earnings, which is an increase of 8% compared to the same period last year. All planned regulated revenue increases necessary to achieve our 2025 guidance have been put into rates or are pending approval. We’re ahead of schedule on our financing plan and have secured at least half of our forecasted 2025 equity issuances and issued $750 million of long-term debt. Lloyd mentioned the resiliency of our business plans relative to the changing tariff landscape. I’ll offer a few additional thoughts on this. Productivity enhancements like AI efficiency and Project Apollo reduced time and reliance on materials subject to tariff implications. Approximately 85% of our O&M and capital costs are labor and not subject to tariffs. In addition, approximately 97% of our procurement is through domestic Tier 1 suppliers. And our teams have already secured a significant portion of critical equipment to support our operations and capital plans for the five-year horizon. Finally, we operated in a regulated framework that reduces the impact of rising product costs on our business. It is important to note that tariffs have the potential to drive onshoring and manufacturing expansion in the U.S. We believe our service territory is attractive for location of facilities due to the constructive business climate, the proximity to and availability of low-cost energy for manufacturing services and a skilled labor force across our region. These fundamentals underpin an attractive opportunity for economic development, providing investment and increased margin into our base plan. Moving to Slide 12, we are reaffirming our long-term financial commitments. We are confident we will achieve 2025 guidance and sustain long-term growth throughout the planned horizon. Greater transparency in capital returns supported by constructive regulatory frameworks and effective recovery mechanisms provides clearer insight into the financial projections for 2026 and beyond. Our internal forecasts reflect the use of established capital trackers across nearly all jurisdictions and are built on realistic assumptions for load growth, financing costs, regulatory outcomes, commodity prices and other external factors. The forecasts also include a highly visible inventory of required capital investments necessary to ensure safe and reliable energy delivery for our customers. Beyond that, we maintain upside in incremental investment opportunities not captured in our existing financial commitments, including the potential for data center development. We have built flexibility into our plans in advance of potential headwinds and derisk execution of our plans through our balanced and diversified business plan across six constructive operating companies. We’ve significantly strengthened our balance sheet and have enhanced our visibility into how the investments we make convert into earnings through reduced regulatory lag and efficient financing plans. Slide 13 highlights those five-year funding plans. We are reaffirming 14% to 16% FFO-to-debt in all years of the plan, as well as our guided annual equity needs through 2029. A balanced mix of cash from operations, new long-term debt and $200 million to $300 million of equity each year enables us to maintain our capital structure and strong balance sheet position. In addition to traditional sources of funding, the potential use of hybrid securities and senior unsecured debt enhance flexibility and diversification, enabling us to grow without sacrificing credit quality. And finally, on Slide 14, you can see we are on track to meet our 2025 financial commitments and build stability into 2026. We are confident in our ability to achieve near-term and long-term guidance, given our strong business fundamentals. NiSource offers investors a diversified and fully regulated utility with the opportunity to invest in programmatic gas infrastructure and long-term energy transition for a fully integrated electric business. This emerging opportunity to support unprecedented energy development and power demand, resulting from robust economic development onshoring, as well as new data center development, truly differentiates the value proposition relative to many alternatives in the marketplace today. I’d now like to turn the call over to the Operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Lloyd Yates: Good morning, Shar. You there?
Shar Pourreza: There you go. Got to love the mute function. Hi, Lloyd. Good morning.
Lloyd Yates: Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: So just -- good morning. Good morning. Just on the NIPSCO Genco filing, I mean, obviously, understanding it’s still ongoing, do you need to receive an outcome in the proceeding before you announce a signed agreement, or could a deal be announced prior? I guess, in other words, do you have a customer you could announce with the approval of the new structure?
Lloyd Yates: Michael, you want to handle that one?
Michael Luhrs: Hello, Shar. Yeah. We could go ahead and proceed with a special contract and announce a special contract without having the Genco completed. The key of the Genco is that it provides the flexibility that Lloyd mentioned, really providing the significant protection of the existing customer base and allowing for the speed and flexibility that we know the large load customer needs while enabling the protections that would facilitate a special contract execution.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Just to remind us on the PPAs, obviously, the structure is still, you’re still working through the structure, but understood -- if the pricing of the PPAs are above what you’re afforded from a regulatory perspective, just remind us how do we think about that?
Michael Luhrs: So one of the nice components of the Genco structure is it really allows the flexibility to respond to multiple stakeholder needs. And those stakeholder needs, including if there are specific resources that would enable the speed to market, the ramp that would be needed and/or the resource mix that would be needed in order to meet their goals. So the point of that is we would do that, and then NIPSCO will still be the resource adequacy provider to the market. The IRP and the flow through of the resource adequacy would go through NIPSCO, and at which time we would file a PPA between Genco and NIPSCO, which would be approved by the commission and followed through. So in other words, it’s not a matter of if the PPAs pricing relative to our existing system, it’s relative to the special contract, which we would file for execution.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay. That’s helpful. And then just lastly, the $2.2 billion that’s currently outside of the base plan. Should you get a signed agreement? Do you see an opportunity to accelerate the $2.2 billion? So I guess in other words, is there other large load customers embedded in that assumption or would that be incremental to the $2.2 million? Thanks.
Lloyd Yates: So the $2.2 billion upside does not include any data center development or economic development capital. The $2.2 billion upside are other projects and the regulated utility that could be potential upside. Like AMI, Pipeline Integrity and Transmission. There’s no data center capital there. Any data center capital…
Shar Pourreza: Yeah.
Lloyd Yates: … would be incremental to the plan.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. Thank you guys. Fantastic execution. Really appreciate it. See you soon.
Lloyd Yates: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamieson Ward from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, guys. It’s actually Julien here. Thank you guys very much. Appreciate it. Maybe just to follow up on a couple...
Lloyd Yates: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Good morning to you guys. Pleasure. If I can follow up on a couple of nuances here, there’s been a lot of talk in the state around co-retirement and federally for that matter. I’d love to hear how you guys are thinking about that juxtaposed against your plan. And specifically how you think about potentially extending the lives of your assets and to what extent that that would or could impact your CapEx. Because it’s not obvious even if you did hold open your assets, if that would change necessarily your current spending plans and/or your future spending plans predicated on some of this incremental data center load?
Lloyd Yates: Yeah. So, Julien, we are currently in the middle of assessing the impact of those executive orders. Today in our plan, we are still on track to retire Schaefer at the end of 2025 in Michigan City at the end of 2028. Understanding that and taking a look at the executive orders. We’re assessing what it would take to extend those. And we’ll work with the various federal and state regulators to do what’s best for our customers and various stakeholders and other stakeholders. But the important point is we’re in the middle of a deep assessment on those.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Okay. So not ready to say yet about what that impact would be. And then maybe just if -- excellent. Thank you. And then keeping it in the same realm here, legislatively, I understand the state recently passed some updated CPCN procedures and procedural timeline requirements with that. Can you speak to how that might provide a further avenue for your data center filings, especially the extent to which that your novel declination effort may or may not go through? I mean, does it provide you a further expedited effort to get a timely outcome? If you will…
Lloyd Yates: I think you are talking about…
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: … it seems like a third way.
Lloyd Yates: I think you’re talking about Senate Bill 1007. So the declination filing is separate from 1007. 1007 just gives you another path for large load customers. I mean, so we’re pursuing the declination filing. Remember we said in the past, that’s only one of the mechanisms we have to deal with this counterparty of these load opportunities. Senate Bill 1007 just gives us a second or even a third path.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. Indeed. And just, does that make it more likely? I mean, when you think about the pathways here and what you’re seeing, in fact, let me just ask it directly here. I mean, with respect to Genco, is your expectation here that you would, given that you’ve now seen very clearly where parties stand, that have a pathway to potentially settle this out or at what point do you kind of elect to pursue this expedited CPCN process, especially given how timely some of this generation may need to be moving forward?
Lloyd Yates: So let me say a couple of things. One is we’re in the midst of settlement discussion. So I can’t talk in detail about those because they have not been concluded. I think in terms of following this Genco, we think it’s a really good path in terms of dealing with the counterparties. It meets the four pillars I talked about in my prepared remarks. Good for customers, good for our financial integrity, gives us speed and flexibility we need and we’re optimistic about completing that process. But we’re also looking at Senate Bill 1007 as another path, and we’ll evaluate that if Genco doesn’t pan out for us. Melody, you want to comment on that?
Melody Birmingham: Sure. Julien, good morning, and thanks for your question. So to Lloyd’s point, House Bill 1007, it really didn’t change any currently available options for utilities to serve large load customers. And also to Lloyd’s point, what it did do was add those additional options. So expediting the generation resource planning process, as well as it provides for 150-day review of an application for utility to serve the load. So our strategy remains the same. So it really doesn’t change any of the options that are available for us to serve large load customers.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent, guys. Thank you so much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Richard Sunderland from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Richard Sunderland: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for the time today.
Lloyd Yates: Good morning, Richard.
Richard Sunderland: I appreciate discussions are still ongoing, but just offer any thoughts on sort of the pace and engagement with your large load, prospective large load counterparties, maybe relative to 4Q or last fall. It has certainly been a lot of attention here broadly on sort of hyperscaler, CapEx reaffirmations, what have you. Are you seeing that following through on your end in talks?
Lloyd Yates: Yeah. Let me address that. If you go back to the end of 2024 and then in February 2025, what I said was that, hyperscalers, large load growth would be a 2025 activity. We’d really be focused on 2025. What I’ll say to you is we’re making excellent progress. But what’s really important to understand is these are complex and complicated transactions. And they may require a lot of time and I’ll say management attention, but we want to make sure we get this right. I’ll go back to my four pillars and getting it right is good for customers, good for financial integrity, meets the speed and flexibility of our counterparties and protects our business model. And I’d say we’re walking down that path. We’re excited about this opportunity. We think it’s really good for NiSource and good for all of our stakeholders. And as soon as we have more information or more news, we will communicate that out to the streets as fast as possible. I think if you take a look at what some of the hyperscalers or developers have talked about in terms of their capital plans, they continue to be -- they continue to actively invest in building and developing data centers. I think that’ll give you a signal on how robust the network of people who are interested in that. If you look at what we talked about in terms of Indiana being a great place to invest, I will tell you that we have a lot of opportunity, but we want to make sure we get this right.
Richard Sunderland: Great. Appreciate the color there. And then circling back on the Genco discussion, what would the regulatory cap structure look like for that entity? I think there was a peer recently filed a tariff that specifies a higher ROE and equity layer for this type of activity. So would this -- would you pursue something separate versus what NIPSCO has authorized? Is that something we could see in the settlement or do you need a separate contract or rate case to decide? Any thoughts there would be helpful.
Lloyd Yates: Michael?
Michael Luhrs: So we haven’t discussed or disclosed anything associated with the financing structure with Genco. We are continuing working through and focusing on completing the special contracts with customers and working through that development of those activities.
Richard Sunderland: Understood. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nick Campanella from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Nick Campanella: Hey, everyone. Thanks for taking the questions.
Lloyd Yates: Good morning, Nick.
Nick Campanella: So I just -- hey. Good morning. I just wanted to follow up quickly on the settlement discussions. Just do you anticipate hearings to still kick off at the end of this week here if the settlement is coming?
Lloyd Yates: Again, as I mentioned, we are in the midst of settlement discussions. When we have detail on those, we’ll let you know as soon as possible, but we can’t comment on specific discussions or timing with respect to those right now.
Nick Campanella: Okay. No problem. And I just wanted to confirm, as you think about getting to commercial agreement with any customer, that that is not explicitly tied to the timeline of the proceedings or the potential settlement?
Lloyd Yates: That is correct.
Nick Campanella: Okay. Great. And then, just on the assessment on the coal, just going back to Julien’s question, you have this NIPSCO IRP out there calling for long-term resource solutions that, I would say that’s probably likely well beyond the current timeframe for how long the coal could stay online for. So just -- do you see that truly impacting your long-term procurement strategy at this point just to supplement the generation needs and the load growth that was detailed in the NIPSCO IRP?
Lloyd Yates: Michael?
Michael Luhrs: So when we look at the IRP and we look at the extended plan with the IRP, we will need additional resources for the IRP, despite all alternatives in evaluating the executive orders. As you look at MISO’s direct loss of load rules and the changes associated with resources and the accreditation of resources, we know we’re going to need additional capacity on the system in order to facilitate the reliability and resiliency of the system.
Nick Campanella: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Appicelli from UBS. Please go ahead.
Bill Appicelli: Hi. Good morning. Just another question on the Genco. I guess, it’s clear that you can make the special contract filing concurrently or separately from resolution of the declination filing, but given some of the complexities and that you’ve outlined, is it prudent or is it a preferred outcome to have sort of visibility on the declination filing before filing a special contract, given that some of the framework would likely need to be embedded within the terms of the contract?
Lloyd Yates: So we feel the declination filing provides a very strong capability to meet the core pillars that we’ve discussed previously. Obviously, we would -- we look forward to the declination filing moving forward, but when we think about protecting the existing customer base, providing the resource alternatives, we can do that through multiple mechanisms regardless of the declination filing. However, the declination filing and the results of that, we feel provides a very strong capability to meet stakeholders, large load customer needs and protect our existing customer base. So when we look at the alternatives with 1007 or we look at other alternatives that are available to us, we have multiple paths by which to get to the solution. However, the declination filing is, we feel like is the best alternative by which to meet all stakeholders needs.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. All right. Great. And then, can you just speak to some of the, at the federal level, some of the policy changes that have materialized here around tariffs and then maybe speak to exposure around any potential issues with the IRA as it relates to renewable tax credits and transferability?
Lloyd Yates: Shawn, you want to take that one?
Shawn Anderson: Sure. Thanks. On tax transferability and IRA, PTC and ITC, most of our renewable projects plan to be online by the end of this year. It leaves a limited window for direct PTC, ITC challenges that are not retroactive. Really only Templeton is the only base plan asset really that’s beyond the horizon here in 2027. So the plan assumes an ongoing PTC transferability 2026, 2027 and 2028 of about 40 basis points to 60 basis points. So, we’re pro tax credits to benefiting customers and helping existing customers today realize those tax credits. That’s helpful to keep energy costs down for customers today. But as we think about the financing plan implications and what the IRA brings to the existing plan itself, we believe our existing plan, the strengthening we’ve done on the balance sheet, the cushion above our downgrade threshold, I wouldn’t suspect a change to our financing plan as a result of the potential appeal of tax transferability. And then I think we noted this in my prepared remarks on the implications associated with tariffs. We’re in a really strong position, both from a standpoint of labor activities, a high degree of domestic content in our supply chains, continuous improvements such as Project Apollo. We think that those can help us face the potential changes associated with tariffs. A fully regulated compact itself helps us get line of sight to where things could reset themselves. We built the track record of being thoughtful around long-term energy costs for our customers and evaluating those overall impacts, delivering flat O&M really for an extended period of time amidst a range of economic conditions. We’ll be able to right-size our plans to ensure that we can path this forward and face whatever comes our way from tariffs without the changes to our existing financial commitments.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. Great. All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Travis Miller from Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Travis Miller: Good morning. Thank you.
Lloyd Yates: Good morning, Travis.
Travis Miller: One more on Genco, if you don’t mind. As you’re talking either through the settlement and official discussions or just outside of the official discussion, are there any parties that are strictly opposed to this or is it just a matter of devil’s in the details getting all of those aligned?
Lloyd Yates: Again, Travis, we can’t comment since we’re in the middle of active settlement discussions on the Genco. We can’t comment on the position of any specific party right now.
Travis Miller: Okay. That’s fair. Other topic, transmission. I think as Shawn mentioned, milestones in terms of other projects. I wonder if you could characterize what some of those milestones are, what you’re waiting to see or hear transpire before you add some of those…
Lloyd Yates: Shawn…
Travis Miller: … transmission projects?
Shawn Anderson: Yeah. Sure. Thanks, Travis. So when we think about MISO long-range transmission projects, both the executability from an operational standpoint, the construction and making sure that we understand what the costs are going to be to install those assets and operationalize those assets, and then juxtapose that with the regulatory compact itself, making sure that we understand the mechanisms that will pick up those costs. Once we reach that degree of certainty around those two elements, you’ll see those flow into our base plan. As a reminder, we do have a nominal amount of MISO Tranche 1 projects in our base plan, as well as some in our upside plan, which Lloyd highlighted earlier. We do not have MISO long-range transmission Tranche 2 projects in either the base plan or really in the upside plan, as it mostly persists outside our existing financial plan horizon. But we do expect the Tranche 2 projects to start to come into fruition towards the latter part of this plan horizon. And we think that could be additive to the upside plan once we’ve gone through the work to commercialize and develop our plans to operationalize those assets.
Travis Miller: Okay. Great. When you mean plan horizon, you’re talking 2029 and beyond, or 2030.
Shawn Anderson: Yeah. That’s correct. Yeah.
Travis Miller: Okay. Very good. Appreciate it. That’s all I have.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah. Hi. It’s Steve Fleishman.
Lloyd Yates: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Just -- I’m going to avoid asking about Indiana, but in your kind of bullet about data centers, you said to support data center strategies across Indiana, Ohio and Virginia. Could you -- I might’ve missed some of this, but just could you talk a little more on what you’re doing in Ohio and Virginia related there and opportunities for you?
Lloyd Yates: Well, I’ll throw this to Michael or Melody. You guys, which one? Go ahead, Melody.
Melody Birmingham: Hi, Steve. Thanks for asking the question. So we do talk a lot about Indiana being right for data centers, Northwest Indiana, but we’re seeing activity in Ohio as well. And so our teams are working with the local and state entities to look at what these data center needs are and how and if we can support them. And so I’ll just say that we’re staying engaged with the local and state economic development entities to look in how we can serve those customers, those potential customers.
Michael Luhrs: Yeah. To Melody’s point, most of that investment for us is natural gas infrastructure pipeline. So if you think about Virginia and Ohio, as these developers come, they’re going to need energy. So that allows us to invest capital to put in gas pipeline to support data center activity.
Steve Fleishman: Understood. Separate topic, just the MISO auction outcome that we just had, I know it’s for kind of more of a near-term here, but just any kind of broader thoughts from that, because obviously a big uptick in pricing and…
Lloyd Yates: Michael?
Steve Fleishman: … how it impacts your plans.
Michael Luhrs: Yes. We’ve seen the MISO auction and we are evaluating its results. And we look through the IRP consistently to make sure that we have the resource adequacy we need. But when we look at the MISO auction right now, we’re well positioned within the current plans we filed from the IRP.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of the company Ladenburg. Please go ahead.
Paul Fremont: Thank you very much. I guess a procedural question. If you wanted to delay the start of hearings on Friday, you would have to file a notification either today or tomorrow, is that correct?
Lloyd Yates: That is correct.
Paul Fremont: Great. And then the other question I have is, beyond sort of what you’re seeing with data centers, are you seeing any activity with respect to onshoring or industrials announcing sort of major expansions in Ohio? I mean, in Indiana.
Lloyd Yates: Yeah. I think so, again, we’re seeing recently for battery manufacturers, we’re seeing some expansion. One of the things we’re seeing, so the answer is yes. Like Indiana’s, I’d say very well positioned for onshoring with one of the opportunities being a battery manufacturer. But in terms of economic development, our team up there is really busy with manufacturing above and beyond data centers. Shawn, you want to weigh in on that?
Shawn Anderson: Yeah. Just a couple more. I mean, the cold storage sector continues to grow in Indiana. We’ve seen a couple of food organizations come in with food manufacturing and cold storage providing jobs, as well as $70 million of capital investment into the region. $70 million for their facilities, not ours. But cold storage also in Crown Point also, continuing the development in that theme. So NIPSCO has continued to see a general increase on manufacturing projects across the year. Several international companies are exploring opportunities to establish in Indiana. A plastics manufacturer, a biopharmaceutical firm, a recycling operation, each poised to deliver new job opportunities in Indiana and bring significant investments in the state. And as well as EV battery manufacturers, which we’ve seen come up a couple of times. So Indiana continues to be robust, but we’re also seeing it in Virginia. We’re also seeing it in Ohio. You highlighted that one. So we’re seeing it across our service territory. All of this really precedes any of the changes from the tariff landscape, right? Most of this was already in pipelines working and our states do a great job of trying to attract global companies to come into our region.
Paul Fremont: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Miss go ahead. Go ahead. Thank you.
Shawn Anderson: Hello.
Operator: Our next question…
Lloyd Yates: Hello.
Operator: … comes from the line of -- hello. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Fowler from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ross Fowler: Good morning, Lloyd. Good morning, Shawn. How are you?
Lloyd Yates: Hey, Ross.
Ross Fowler: So I’ll be brave and ask another one about Indiana. So, but I won’t ask about the settlement process. Well, I guess, I’m not going to make you re-answer that one. Just from like a 30,000-foot view, right? It seems like, Genco sort of versus a straight large load tariff filing has added a little bit of regulatory process and complexity at the beginning. Can you kind of just, in your mind, frame from a very high level, what you guys see as the advantage of the Genco structure? I mean, you kind of touched on it with being able to do like pricing differences with large load customers, but are there other advantages as you see them? And then the corollary to that question, as you look to Steve’s question around Ohio and other segments, if you’re successful with Genco in Indiana, do you see like a Pipeco [ph] in Ohio or something like that to structure it similarly? Thank you.
Lloyd Yates: So let me go back to why we believe Genco is our preferred path to success. And I think it’s a really good question. I think the first one, and I talk about our current priorities, it protects our existing customers by allowing us to separate the costs, separate costs. I think second, it gives us a faster speed to market. Remember, we’re asking the IURC to decline the CPCN, which is typically a 240-day process. So that gives us a faster speed to market to deliver the generating resources for the counterparties. And if you listen to the counterparties and look at their capital needs and how fast they want to move, speed to market matters a lot. I think that negotiating a special contract with the counterparties gives us a lot of opportunity in terms of flexibility as we look at risk versus return. And this -- I mean, this is one of the complicated parts of the process, but it could give us more opportunity depending on the risk we’re willing to take and I think that matters for us. And lets us preserve the flexibility of our current business model. If you look at the last three years, I think our EPS CAGR has been 8.5%. So we have a really strong financial plan and we want to protect the integrity of that plan and to make sure that this opportunity goes above and beyond our current business financial plan. So we like it. We think it’s, I mean, I’m biased, but we think it’s a really good idea. We’re excited about it. We’re excited about the opportunity.
Ross Fowler: Yeah. That’s great, Lloyd. And then you touched on it. There’s a different sort of risk dynamic maybe connected with these large load customers. So doing the Genco structure allows you to think about return differently. And I know you haven’t kind of fully decided the capital structure yet, but could you think about leverage differently as well?
Lloyd Yates: Shawn?
Shawn Anderson: This just goes back to Lloyd’s comments on flexibility. We’ve got a lot of different avenues that we could go to make this efficient for our customers and for our shareholders. We’re motivated to bring the lowest cost of financing into the marketplace that we possibly can. I think everyone is in this particular case and it’ll help us advance the strategy quickly.
Ross Fowler: That’s perfect, Shawn. I’ll see you guys down at Florida soon. Take care.
Lloyd Yates: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Jeffrey from Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Christopher Jeffrey: Hi. Thanks everyone. Just one for me regarding O&M. It’s kind of ticked higher in the last couple of quarters. And I think, Shawn, you discussed some of the successes at Apollo and the flat O&M expectations, but just to put a finer point on it, as far as the run rate from here, are you expecting Apollo to kind of have deflationary impacts from here or how are you thinking about it?
Lloyd Yates: Shawn?
Shawn Anderson: Over the course of the year, we continue to expect O&M to be flat year-over-year at around that $1.4 billion level that we’ve been able to maintain since 2016. Project Apollo helps drive that through an array of different opportunities, both efficiency, as well as just identifying waste that can be one-time in nature and reduce the overall cost profile of the business. And our employees lead that each and every day. New ideas populate what fuels its mission and how we are able to obtain that flat O&M on a year-over-year basis, again, really since 2016. That said, we also need to invest in our system. We make strategic investments to risk adjust the system on an ongoing basis. Things like vegetation management, leakage, they don’t always track the same quarter-over-quarter, but they get to the right place at the end of each and every year. And we try and pick the opportunities that we have to ensure that we can be always risk adjusting the system to ensure reliability of our system at all times.
Christopher Jeffrey: All right. Appreciate it. Thank you. That’s it for me.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Ryan Levine from Citi. Please go ahead.
Ryan Levine: Hi, everybody, and thanks for squeezing me in. Two quick questions.
Lloyd Yates: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Levine: Hi. Hi. In terms of your labor contracts, can you remind us when those labor agreements expire and what the process of renegotiating labor rates is?
Lloyd Yates: They start -- well, Bill, I’ll let Bill Jefferson answer this.
Bill Jefferson: The NIPSCO contract ends the end of March of 2026. The Pennsylvania contract ends at the end of August of 2026. And I don’t have the dates for the Ohio contracts top of mind, but those are two of the biggest.
Lloyd Yates: Talk to me [ph], everything gets renegotiated in 2026.
Bill Jefferson: Everything gets renegotiated in 2026.
Ryan Levine: Okay. Thank you. And in terms of the EV or electric vehicle supply chain, what portion of your load in Indiana and across your service territory is tied to that industry, both historically and on a perspective basis?
Lloyd Yates: Extremely minimal.
Ryan Levine: Okay. So the EV batteries is, to the earlier comment, is extremely minimal to the outlook despite the…
Lloyd Yates: Yeah. Ryan, when you think about what the EV battery manufacturers need, ironically, it’s natural gas.
Ryan Levine: Yeah.
Lloyd Yates: And the expansion of our natural gas network itself and really with a high capacity trunk line, enables us to then market potentially to new communities that need the development of natural gas and extend the overall network itself. So it’s actually pretty small on the electric system itself, larger on gas. But of course, as you know, the transport volume on gas isn’t a significant revenue driver for us. It’s really getting the infrastructure deployed and then enabling us to potentially gain more customers with a lower cost fuel and a more reliable fuel at that.
Ryan Levine: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. All right.
Lloyd Yates: All right.
Operator: Thank you.
Lloyd Yates: Operator?
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to Mr. Lloyd.
Lloyd Yates: Yeah. So we thank you for your continued interest in NiSource and your questions, and we look forward to communicating with you in the future. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-12 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Janine, and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q4 2024 NiSource Inc.'s earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question, you may press star one on your touch-tone phone. And to withdraw your question, you may press star one again. I will now turn the call over to Chris Turnure, Head of Investor Relations. Chris, go ahead.
Chris Turnure: Good morning, and welcome to the NiSource Inc. fourth quarter 2024 investor call. Joining me today are President and Chief Executive Officer, Lloyd Yates; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Shawn Anderson; Executive Vice President of Strategy and Risk and Chief Commercial Officer, Michael Luhrs; and Executive Vice President and Group President, NiSource Utilities, Melody Birmingham. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource Inc.'s financial performance for the fourth quarter of 2024 as well as provide an update on our operations and growth drivers. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call to your questions. Slides for today's call are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. We would like to remind you that some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the risk factors and MD&A sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some of the statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP measures. Please refer to the supplemental slides, segment information, and full financial schedules for information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure. A reconciliation of these measures. I'd now like to turn the call over to Lloyd.
Lloyd Yates: Thank you, Chris. And good morning, everyone. I'll begin on slide three. The NiSource Inc. investment thesis is simple. We serve our customers by delivering safe and reliable energy at an affordable value. Affordable energy requires efficient capital deployment, safe asset operations, and constructive regulatory recovery mechanisms. These fundamentals generate competitive returns while enhancing our balance sheet position. Importantly, these are the foundation of the NiSource Inc. business plan which continues to offer compelling value to stakeholders. Driven by regulated utility operations, across six highly constructive jurisdictions, offering diversification across fuel type, and regulatory location. Before we cover our standard business updates, I wanted to begin this call by recapping a tremendously successful year for the NiSource Inc. team. We often talk about the key principles to our success, namely building a constructive regulatory foundation. Operating with excellence across our six jurisdictions, executing and delivering on the financial commitments we make, in growing our investment proposition, by investing in capital expenditures, which enhance value for our communities. As I look back across 2024, I'm proud to share that the NiSource Inc. team has delivered on its business plan with these principles top of mind as we focus on enhancing our value proposition, for customers and shareholders alike. Being a trusted energy partner, the priority, and we believe differentiates us from our peer regulated utilities. We remain engaged with stakeholders in our communities to recover costs associated with capital expenditures deployed to deliver safe, and reliable energy services to our region. We build credibility through rate case and tracker filings by utilizing a stakeholder-focused mindset as we approach these processes. Over the last twenty-four months, the NiSource Inc. team has invested $6.9 billion in capex across the six-state region to support the reliability of its systems, and maintain alignment with compliance expectations of our regulators. Our regulatory processes approve recovery of $340 million in revenue. 2024 to return the capital associated with these investments. But critically, the stakeholder outreach to match the recovery of these revenues with the investments being made were developed years prior as our teams are active with stakeholders to detail the changes to the energy landscape, and underpin the investment thesis for these capital plans. Melody will touch on some key highlights to these plans from the fourth quarter. However, for our team at NiSource Inc., this never stops in our relentless pursuit of delivering safe, reliable energy to our customers. Speaking of reliability, throughout 2024, we advanced our operational excellence mission. I intentionally focus on risk reduction and value-enhancing activities across the organization. Our safety metrics continue to improve through our industry-recognized safety management system framework. A new initiative utilizing artificial intelligence launched by our data and nano analytics team is reducing early wins to drive efficiency and enhance the way we work to support our customers. Supporting our regulatory and stakeholder relationships and operating with excellence for our communities paves the way for the NiSource Inc. team to deliver on the financial results we have committed to our shareholders. I am proud to report our adjusted EPS result of $1.75 per share for 2024, exceeding the top end of both our original and updated guideline ranges. This results in a year-over-year increase in adjusted EPS for 2024 of 9.4% versus 2023. Further, the nature of our business plan enables these returns to flow through all subsequent years as we base each year off a 6% to 8% annual growth rate. This results in a raise of our 2025 adjusted EPS guidance to $1.85 to $1.89 per share consistent with a 6% to 8% growth outlook, off of the actual results achieved. But as I said, these results are not sustainable if we are not focused on business development well into the future. Our teams are hard at work at developing new prospects for investment to deliver greater value to our customers for the energy they consume. Our 2025-2029 base capital plan is $19.4 billion increasing nominally due to increased economic development across our gas businesses. In Virginia and Indiana. Which Melody will highlight in a moment. These investments drive 8% to 10% rate base growth over the 2025 to 2029 period which fuels our ability to continue to increase our adjusted earnings per share growth rate by 6% to 8% annually. Our work does not stop with the base capital plan. We are fortunate to have a robust portfolio of valuable customers that could be added to and extend far beyond our five-year plan horizon. Which Shawn will detail later. Our teams remain active in developing this portfolio of projects to meet our standards necessary to be included in our base plan. This includes our near-term visible investments in the upside plan, which is now $2.2 billion an increase of $400 million since our third quarter call. But none of these plans include the important development work our team is engaged in upon to support economic development efforts by the state of Indiana to locate data center operations in the region. I previously highlighted the compelling fundamentals of Northern Indiana to potential data center customers. Access to critical infrastructure, including a robust transmission system and proximity to critical fire connections. Predictable climate and weather with low natural catastrophe risk, and a constructive business climate including favorable tax structures, available land, and a supportive state government. Are all favorable factors in advancing. Our team remains actively engaged working with potential customers to develop data center solutions which is guided by four main principles. One, protect existing system customers. Two, serve new customers with speed and flexibility. Three, maintain NIPSCO's financial integrity through thoughtful capital allocation and a reasonable return proposition. Four, preserve flexibility in our business. In January, NIPSCO filed a declination petition with the IURC related to the ownership and operation of energy facilities. This administrative filing will set up NIPSCO Genco as a regulated entity as a step in NIPSCO's effort to set a framework to serve large load customers. The application requests the IURC to establish NIPSCO Genco as a regulated energy utility but to decline to exercise some of the IURC's jurisdiction, because NIPSCO Genco will not have retail customers and will instead enter into contracts to provide energy and capacity to NIPSCO who will then directly serve large load customers. Our teams are working to evaluate this build-out which could provide benefits to our existing system customers, enhance our communities and local tax base, and provide compelling investment opportunities for our shareholders. Northern Indiana is the premier location for data centers to locate. Simply put, there's potential for substantial value creation for all stakeholders and checking all these boxes is important to NiSource Inc. Slide five provides more detail on our operational. Our data and analytics team began implementing early use cases in 2023 and have improved data transparency and democratized actionable insights throughout the organization. Our work management intelligence process is one example. It is an ensemble of advanced AI models including forecasting shift availability, and work volume, a job duration predictive model, and schedule optimizer to automatically generate more accurate weekly schedules. Since implementing this process in the middle of the year in Ohio, work productivity has increased 16% versus the same period in 2023 measured through work hours achieved, less idle time, less rework, and an overall better plan to schedule. The Apollo Continuous Improvement Program closed out a second year with really strong results. The team exceeded internal expectations with $77 million in O&M savings, along with many efficiency initiatives to reduce waste, and workforce constraints. For example, the locating risk model initiative originally implemented in 2023 safely reduced spend by $13 million through enhancing risk model marking and turn-back processes. The job site scouting initiative and standardized scheduling process eliminated unnecessary truck rolls in the field and improved efficiency. Allowing for an additional $6 million of fieldwork across both 2023 and 2024. In 2024, we once again significantly improved occupational safety performance, with an 8% year-over-year reduction in OSHA recordable incident rate and a nearly 10% year-over-year reduction in preventable vehicle collision rate. Our electric system was hardened through the replacement of over fifty miles of poor-performing underground cable, over seventy thousand structure life extensions or replacements, and ten transmission and distribution substation rebuilds. Our teams are continuously working to de-risk our operations through many factors outside our control impact our business. State policy and regulation have been impactful and stability and consistency here have been a key differentiator of NiSource Inc. At the federal level, we have thrived through many cycles and our five-year plan is insulated from evolving policy mandates. AGA and EEI leadership and NiSource Inc. have advocated for policies that allow retail customers to benefit from low-cost and reliable energy at both our electric and gas businesses. Before I turn the call over, I want to thank all our employees and contractors for their dedication to the NiSource Inc. values doing things safer, better, more efficient, and for less cost. Our customers and shareholders alike rely on you every day. I'll now turn things over to Melody.
Melody Birmingham: Alright. Thank you, Lloyd. I'll begin on slide six. We remain active on the regulatory front with both general rate case and rider filings. The NIPSCO electric rate case is driven by nearly two and a half billion dollars of incremental investment for our customers and communities in Northern Indiana. Last week, we were pleased to file a settlement agreement in the case marking our seventh settlement in the last ten years in the state. Across both electric and gas businesses. The case incorporates the planned 2025 retirements of units seventeen and eighteen at the Shaffer generating station. As well as the addition of four new solar and storage projects. Major investments such as these are examples of our continued partnership with state policymakers, regulators, and our customers. During the fourth quarter, we received rate case settlement approvals from the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, and the Kentucky Public Service Commission both in line with the original settlement term. Together, these requests supported over $300 million in incremental investment in these states since our last rate cases. In Virginia, we reached a universal settlement with parties to our case in December. And are awaiting a final order. During the trailing twelve-month period ending December, our average residential gas customer bill declined 11% on a total bill basis. Affordability remains a key priority for both NIPSCO and the Columbia family of companies, and we continue to be thoughtful about this as we advance the critical safety compliance, and reliability work that's necessary. For us to deliver safe and reliable energy to our customers. Our existing communities continue to benefit from economic development efforts at the state level. Helping spread fixed costs over a larger base. Early last quarter, a new food product co-storage facility was announced to be developed in Crown Point, Indiana. Just outside of Chicago. NIPSCO will provide electric service to the twenty-six-acre three hundred twenty thousand square foot site expected to be in service in 2026. NIPSCO will serve two other new projects with various in-service dates. This year as well. A new concrete and aggregate producer will require NIPSCO to invest in both electric and gas infrastructure. Additionally, a new EV battery plant in New Carlisle, Indiana will require additional NIPSCO gas and also, on the gas side of our business, one of our largest industrial customers in Virginia, is converting their remaining on-site boilers to natural gas from coal. This project will provide significant energy cost savings for the customers, and reduce carbon emissions from the facility. These projects are examples of how we remain engaged and supportive to develop and prosper the communities we serve. Economic development enhances our local tax base. Offers new job opportunities, as well as mitigates the cost of our existing customer base and remains a priority. For all of our teams. Customer satisfaction remains a priority. And our nearly four million customers benefit from our operational excellence vision and capital investment plan. In December, both our NIPSCO Electric and Columbia Gas of Virginia businesses were named number one in their regional customer service satisfaction surveys. Contributing to their scores were a combination of factors, including price, safety and reliability, billing and payment, corporate citizenship, communications, and customer care. We are very, very proud of these results. Also, in December, NiSource Inc. was named to the 2024 Dow Jones Sustainability Indices. Marking the eleventh consecutive year the company has earned this recognition. As a company, our business strategy extends beyond delivering energy. It also purposefully includes a sustainability framework that allows NiSource Inc. to help drive economic development and inclusion opportunities in the communities that we are very happy and privileged to serve. I'll now turn things over to Shawn.
Shawn Anderson: Thank you, Melody. Let's start on slide seven. I'll begin with an update on the progress achieved implementing the generation transition at NIPSCO. Transition to retire coal units is advancing as new renewable generation assets have come online and are supporting overall system reliability. Already achieved in January, the Dunsbridge two solar project reached substantial completion. Meanwhile, Fairbanks and Gibson are far down the path to operations and are expected to be in service later this year with no changes to our development timelines. This continues NIPSCO's track record of steady execution since 2020 with eight wind and solar generating stations, now providing renewable power to customers in the Northern Indiana region. Leveraging the power of this generating fleet, look ahead through the changing energy landscape and slide eight provides an update on the progress made the 2024 integrated resource plan process. Late in the fourth quarter, NIPSCO submitted its IRP to the IURC. The triennial plan was the product of extensive stakeholder collaboration over nine months and five public meetings. It projects forward a twenty-year period and details generation required to meet both new demand in the region and maintain compliance with federal and MISO regulatory requirements. All sources of generation technology were considered. Including gas generation, solar, wind, battery, and long-duration storage. And small modular nuclear. Included in the analysis updates to the capacity construct. Including MISO's shift to a four-season evaluation and its new requirements under the direct loss of load market design. These will have a substantial impact on generation requirements in the transmission organization's footprint. It revises resource accreditation now based on availability, when reliability risk is greatest, by utilizing historical and forward-looking risk assessments. The preferred portfolio highlights new generation additions to the NIPSCO fleet required to maintain existing reliability and meet the new accreditation requirements, a mix of incremental generation resources of approximately nine hundred megawatts of capacity is likely required by 2028 to meet energy and capacity needs in all scenarios developed before considering potential data center growth. Our team is underway in the evaluation and commercialization of procuring solutions for our customers. While our team works through this process, we've increased the size of our upside CapEx plan by about $400 million to reflect the likely need for new generation capacity, to remain in compliance with these regional reliability regulations, as shown on slide nine. We will work through the project development, regulatory approvals, and commercial details and provide updates for the development of these assets. As Melody detailed earlier, we have also increased our base CapEx plans to reflect new economic development projects, our Indiana and Virginia businesses. This moves our five-year base CapEx plan up to $19.4 billion. Onshoring and manufacturing expansion continues in our Midwest region, and this is just one example of why our gas utilities are driving over 60% of our five-year CapEx plan. Our teams continue to focus on safety and reliability of operations, making investments in pipeline replacement, system modernization, and new leak detection technology. We began our work to install advanced metering infrastructure in 2024 with $36 million of NIPSCO gas investment, this work continues in future years. Meanwhile, prudent capital allocation is top of mind as we have aligned our base capital investments with recovery mechanisms in our regulated businesses, to help minimize lag and recovery and reduce carrying charges. Eighty-one percent of the investments made our base five-year plan expect to begin recovery inside twelve months of investment. Beyond the portfolio of base and upside CapEx plans, our teams continue to progress the development of incremental investment opportunities shared on Slide ten. The most recent developments here relate to MISO's long-range transmission planning process and the development of tranche two projects recently awarded to NIPSCO. MISO released details last month following approval by its Board of Directors in December. The package seeks to develop a three thousand six hundred mile transmission backbone and related projects to ensure future system reliability, in the 2030s and beyond. As Lloyd mentioned, we are evaluating these results and will incorporate these projects into our base capex plan once we've completed the scope and estimation work necessary to launch those projects. Another incremental investment opportunity not yet reflected in the base or upside capital expenditures plan is the investment necessary to support data center development across our six states and in particular at NIPSCO. We continue to make excellent progress advancing data center strategies across our region which represent a compelling opportunity for NiSource Inc. Additional development of these strategies is required to meet our threshold to include in either the base or the upside capex plan. With that said, the company is strongly positioned to advance these strategies and once we've hit these milestones, we will flow those through our plans. Continued execution on our financial commitments has strengthened the financial profile of the company including its balance sheet positioning, which enables NiSource Inc. to be opportunistic in capital allocation decisions. The constructive regulatory backdrop in Indiana supports a utility-centric regulatory compact and the vertical integration of the business model minimizes complexity for customers and regulators. While providing flexibility around cash flow recovery. NiSource Inc. has deep access to capital markets, and maintains flexibility to efficiently finance data center opportunities. NiSource Inc. also has a longstanding history of supporting large load customers in the steel industry and has experience working with large customers to develop value for all stakeholders. Let's move into the financial results shared on slide eleven. As Lloyd already highlighted, 2024 was a strong financial year for NiSource Inc. Achieving $1.75 per share, an increase of $0.15 per share. Higher rate base investments drove $367 million in incremental revenue. This was partly offset by increased O&M, depreciation, and non-controlling interest. In the fourth quarter, we reported adjusted EPS of $0.49 per share, a decrease of $0.04 per share. Versus last year. The decline was driven by non-controlling interest, increased depreciation and other taxes, and partly offset by increased rate base investment. Increased customer additions and expanded customer usage contributed $36 million in revenues. Across our electric and gas businesses for the year. On slide thirteen, you'll see a summary of our financial commitment. Today, we are raising 2025 adjusted EPS guidance to $1.85 to $1.89, up one penny versus prior guidance introduced at third quarter earnings. This is consistent with our practice of guiding off of actual results achieved and reflects 6% to 8% growth, of the $1.75 achieved in 2024. This is the third year in a row we have announced an increase to our annual adjusted EPS guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call after establishing initial guidance on our third quarter call. Our financial commitments are fueled by a $19.4 billion base five-year CapEx plan. Which drives rate base growth across 2025 through 2029 of 8% to 10% and delivers an annual adjusted EPS growth of 6% to 8%. This does not include any impacts from the upside CapEx plan or incremental investment opportunities. Assumptions around key externalities in our plan continue to be de-risked. For example, customer growth continues to be strong. However, our plan only assumes zero to one-half percent growth per year across all customer classes. Additionally, our plan continues to assume realistic interest rate assumptions through 2029 despite the recent rise in rates and the previous Fed activity to cut short-term rates. We remain confident in achieving our long-term growth rate in all years of the plan. In particular, continued execution on the regulatory front has increased visibility into 2025 results with substantively all regulated revenue increases in rates or settled, based on our activities in 2024 and 2025. Our forecasts incorporate continued use of long-established capital trackers in nearly all our jurisdictions and are based on what we believe are realistic regulatory outcomes. I'd note, we remain focused on minimizing the financial impact that our safety, reliability, and compliance work has across our customer base. Cost savings initiatives like Project Apollo detailed by Lloyd and efficiencies resulting from capital investments moderate the impact on customers. Our revised plan projects less than 5% average annual bill increases across NiSource Inc. Moving to slide fourteen, let's focus on the balance sheet strength of the business. In the fourth quarter, we executed the last $100 million of our forward ATM program, completing the pricing and execution of the full $600 million guided for the year. Along with the issuance of $1 billion of junior subordinated notes, during 2024, we've continued to strengthen the balance sheet positioning of the company. FFO to debt for 2024 was 14.6% up from 14.1% in 2023. Reflected in these results for both years is approximately fifty basis points reduction from unfavorable weather versus normal. Our balance sheet has moved steadily in the right direction since 2022. We are well within our FFO to debt range. We continue to target 14% to 16% in all years of our plan, using a balanced mix of cash from operations, new long-term debt, $200 million to $300 million of annual maintenance equity to maintain our capital structure through the use of our at-the-market program. In January, the annualized dividend target was increased from $1.06 to $1.12 per share. This continues each year that the NiSource Inc.'s dividend has increased since the separation with Columbia Pipeline Group and represents a payout ratio of approximately 60% which is at the low end of our 60% to 70% payout ratio guidance. We will continue to be thoughtful about capital allocation in the high cost of capital environment while also prioritizing infrastructure investments for our customers. As we share on slide fifteen, consistent execution of the business plan drives sustainable growth and financial results. In each year of the plan, NiSource Inc. has achieved the upper half of the guidance range or better. Each time we've executed this. We've rebased future adjusted EPS guidance upwards off these actual results. This represents differentiated value creation for our shareholders. We've accomplished this now four years in a row. The value of this compounds as future years grow and reflect the outperformance achieved. For example, 2025's implied midpoint is now 6% higher than originally forecasted in 2022 reflecting one full fiscal year of increased earnings power, since our strategic business review in 2022. This is differentiated in our sector which has delivered 5.9% at the median in adjusted EPS, since 2021 compared to the 8.5% achieved by NiSource Inc. The underlying business plan. Supported by strong regulatory constructs, in NiSource Inc. jurisdictions, coupled with responsible investments in identifiable regulatory programs enable a reasonable return on and of investment over our plan. The confidence in these investments enables the rebasing of the annual growth rate which supports this higher adjusted EPS range as we execute the plan. I'll conclude with highlights of our growing track record on slide sixteen. Our financial commitments have been achieved for 2024 and are on track for 2025. We remain confident our near-term and long-term guidance remains resilient to market conditions and other forces outside our control, and are based on realistic and executable assumptions. We continue to execute the recovery of critical investments to ensure safety and reliability of our systems. Regulatory progress made over the last quarter across Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Virginia, and at NIPSCO. Provide a foundation for thoughtful capital allocation to enhance service to our customers and deliver predictable financial results and return capital to our shareholders. The financing plan continues to be reasonable and highly executable. 2024 activity was completed as projected. And ATM execution coupled with the diversification utilized in the junior subordinated debt marketplace demonstrate our balance sheet flexibility while also fortifying our balance sheet positioning. Finally, our base and upside CapEx plans. Demonstrate both programmatic investment plans and accelerated investment opportunities for customers and investors. To reiterate, our rate base and adjusted EPS guidance do not include upside CapEx or incremental investment opportunities such as data center investments or load growth and are built upon the known and socialized regulatory programs which have contributed to the 8.5% adjusted EPS growth rate we've executed since 2021. The value proposition is diversified and regulated utility assets with the opportunity to invest in both programmatic gas infrastructure and the long-term energy transition story of a fully integrated and regulated electric business. These elements have been core to our story for some time. But the emerging opportunity to support economic development, onshoring, and new data center development truly differentiates our value proposition relative to many alternatives in the market today. I'd now like to call turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. I would like to remind everyone for one question, one follow-up. Should you have a question, please press star one on your touch-tone phone, and you will hear a prompt that your hand has been raised. Should you wish to withdraw, please press star one again. If you're using a speakerphone, please lift the handset before pressing any keys. Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Good morning, team. Thank you guys very much for the time, and congratulations on your continued successes here. Good morning. Seriously. Morning. So maybe just to kick things off, I mean, with this Genco filing's gotten a good degree of attention here as sort of a novel concept in the sector. Can you speak to how you imagine and have potentially negotiated some of these risk-sharing considerations here, as you think about this being potentially somewhat adjacent to NIPSCO, how do you think about the traditional concepts of rate base that otherwise are implicit in most investments? Are those effectively replicated as you foresee these commercial arrangements? And then maybe you know, while we're at it, just for good form, can you speak to the timing of some of these commercial arrangements which I know you all are working diligently on, in the intro? So let me start, and I'll turn this over to Michael. For some details. I mentioned several times that data centers all the files we're making with respect to data centers, is a 2025 event for us. And I think I'm optimistic about our path in terms of I'll use our methodical path in terms of pursuit of this opportunity. If you remember, if you go back to our four pillars, we said we want to protect our existing customers, our existing system customers, we want to be able to serve these new customers with speed, agility, and flexibility because we thought that speed to market would be an advantage for us. We want to maintain NIPSCO's financial integrity and preserve our flexibility in the business. And we think we have a great base business want to make sure that we continue to focus on that base business and have this be total upside. So with that this Genco deck this declaration filing with the IURC was I'd say, an important step in terms of how we pursue this opportunity. And I'll turn it over to Michael to talk about the details of that.
Michael Luhrs: Morning, Julien. So Lloyd hit on the primary points. Really, what the declination filing allows us to do, it is a regulated entity. Think of it just like you would as a regulated utility. But it allows us to encapsulate what we're doing for these large load customers to protect the existing customer base and maintain that cost within it to segregate to truly protect existing customers with it. And at the same time, negotiate the provisions in the agreements to be able to provide the benefits to our shareholders, protect those customers, and I would say benefit those customers and maintain the flexibility that we need in order to meet their needs in a very timely and expeditious fashion. So it is a mechanism that is simply, to Lloyd's points, it protects the existing system customers, it helps us serve those new customers with speed and flexibility. It maintains NIPSCO's financial integrity. And it helps us ensure that our base plan, the strong base plan that we have is not impacted by the ability to bring in large load customers. And Shawn may want to speak a little bit to the financial aspects of that.
Shawn Anderson: Yeah. And, Julien, I think the other part of your question was as we think about whether it's traditional rate making or otherwise, what are the advantages potentially that are coming from this? And a couple of things I'd highlight. Number one, as you think about the potential development for power generation solutions to serve these customers, the declination filing where the project we're making progress we're making there can allow us to move through rate making at the speed necessary to serve that customer based on the capital projects when those are being deployed and as those projects start to power and generalize when they're going to start to create cash flows coming back in for our shareholders. That may be a different time horizon than the traditional rate case model that NIPSCO's been following, which inherently has been just about every other year following a rate case. So this allows us to better line those cash flows up as well as to get a return a reasonable return through a time period that we can continue to afford to advance the construction. So I think that's one key point to highlight. The second piece, I think, we've done a lot to progress the balance sheet strength. I just covered a lot of that in my prepared remarks. But over $2 billion of balance sheet improvement equity positioning in 2023, over $1 billion net in 2024 coupled with growing cash from operations that are producing outperformance relative to the base financing plan. Just from a sheer financability standpoint, that's positioned NiSource Inc. to have much more flexibility be able to address and afford construction to support these. Potential larger consumers.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Awesome. And just a quick follow-up there. Can you speak to just your latest updated load forecast around data center prospects. Right? Whether that's expansion of phases that folks are initially talking to you about, I mean, obviously, you've made these regulatory filings over the course of the last eight months that have been of incorrectly updated. But where do you stand today in terms of the scope of the total opportunity in front of you? Obviously, I understand that's on a projected basis. Michael, you wanna take that. Period.
Michael Luhrs: Sure. So we haven't updated anything beyond our IRP at this point. As we include in the IRP, we had the reference case of 2,600 megawatts. Then an upside case that was 8,000 megawatts. I would say that the discussions have been extremely positive and beneficial and they continue to be accretive to what our objectives are. And as we proceed through time, we will definitely give updates and include those in the plans as they pass certain thresholds as was mentioned earlier. But I will comment that the negotiations and the discussions have been very.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Wonderful, guys. Thank you. Speak to you soon.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Hey, Lloyd. Hey, Shawn. Good morning, Asia.
Lloyd Yates: Morning.
Shar Pourreza: Just let me follow-up on Julien's question on sort of the data center stuff. I mean, obviously, the governor talked about four of them coming media reports have talked about, you know, several coming as well to Northern Indiana. Lloyd, in your prepared remarks, you talked about still 2025 as an opportunity. Can we just fine-tune just get a sense of timing there, where in the discussions you're at, how soon can a deal be signed, is this a one h opportunity, is it two h Thanks.
Lloyd Yates: So, Lads, so not willing to narrow that down. I and I hear you about timing. I'm not willing I said I I'm gonna stick to my it's a 2025 opportunity issue. I what I'll say is we're optimistic. The conversations are progressing very well. And as soon as we have something signed, we're gonna get it out to you guys. But not before that.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. That's helpful. I just wanted to get a sense, Lloyd, if you reiterated 2025 and you still feel comfortable. Just on financing, obviously, you know, there's a higher CapEx opportunity. You have an ATM in place. But can you just talk a little about other potential avenues you can lean on to fund the incremental CapEx, especially as you roll more spending into the base plan from the upside opportunity bucket. Which can be obviously fairly material, especially if these discussions with data centers transpire. You guys did really well with that minority sale, or is kind of the ATM enough to fund the incremental CapEx beyond today's update? Thanks.
Lloyd Yates: Shawn?
Shawn Anderson: Yeah. Well, I think the most efficient form of financing is outperformance on cash from operations, and that's where we'll look first. That's helped fuel the ability for us to move into incremental capex without having to issue new equity to do so. And that's where we'll go first. We'll also look thoughtfully around the capital allocation and try and shorten regulatory lag that inherently does that to increase that cash from operations. So that's kinda position a. And then you know, we're successful, we believe, in the junior subordinated note marketplace in 2024. Our plan does not count on or need junior subordinated notes to achieve the 14% to 16% in all years of the plan. Therefore, that's another avenue for us as well. So we've got a lot of options to be able to achieve incremental financing without the need for equity directly in the plan. To access the upside plan.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. So you're comfortable with the current ATM program, internal cash as junior subordinating notes. In this scenario, even if the higher CapEx comes in plan beyond what you just disclosed today?
Shawn Anderson: Absolutely.
Shar Pourreza: Fantastic. Thank you, guys. Congrats to you. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Richard Sunderland from JPMorgan. Please go ahead, sir.
Richard Sunderland: Good morning. Thank you for the time today. And maybe to hit a couple more of these data center questions first, you've laid out a lot of the drivers behind the Genco filing, do you need IURC approval of that before you can announce a deal? And then I guess I'm also curious how you think about the coal generation amid all this interest in generation both on the large low side and on the MISO changes. Thank you.
Lloyd Yates: Michael, what?
Michael Luhrs: So to answer your questions, though, we do not need IURC approval in order to be able to announce the deal, but we do need IURC approval of the Genco declination and setting up that entity. But as speaking to the key point of speed and flexibility, that's one of the benefits of working through this entity is being able to do that in a concurrent path. With it. For large load customers, and talking about the opportunities associated with them, continue to progress well, and when we look at those opportunities, they would be included within that framework. And that's what gives us the benefit of being able to do that on their timelines.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. Understood. And then just a housekeeping question, and if I missed this in the script, apologies. But it looks like some of the NIPSCO and Columbia spend shifted across buckets. In your current base plan versus the three two plan. You walk through what the drivers of these changes were?
Shawn Anderson: There were no material shifts in those allocations. We can walk you through if you'd like, Rich and does. Set things up, but there were no material changes there.
Richard Sunderland: Great. Thank you. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Travis Miller from Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Travis Miller: Good morning, everyone. Thank you. Morning. I was wondering if you could give an update on the La Porte facility, the Microsoft or is is there still going on the ground, so to speak, or are you still in kind of contract negotiations or financing? I wonder what the status is of that project.
Michael Luhrs: So with Latour, it's as with all the customers, we continue to work through the specific timelines and activities that would be necessary to meet their objectives. We do not have steel going into the ground in La Porte right now as we mentioned, we're, you know, finishing up the framework and the construct that we've laid out. But the negotiations and the discussions with multiple counterparties continue to progress well.
Travis Miller: Okay. Great. And then one more, we've a couple of announcements, not necessarily in your region, but other places in the US about data centers and developers taking gas directly from particularly, midstream companies. But do you see an opportunity there to serve behind the meter or on the flight? Generation through your guests. System rather than through the electric system.
Michael Luhrs: Yes. We absolutely see a benefit in being able to serve the customers from our gas system, and we have seen increased demand across our gas system in serving those customers. There is a need for them to be able to access energy markets whatever way they can. And the gas system is a very robust and reliable mechanism to do that. It is beneficial, and that has benefited all of our you know, benefited multiple of our Columbia companies.
Lloyd Yates: And we see an upside in some of our capital opportunities in mostly Virginia, and possibly in Ohio serving data center customers off of our gas infrastructure. We as another opportunity for the company. So we're excited about that also.
Travis Miller: Okay. And you mentioned there the CapEx. So there is CapEx involved as well as but that's just flow demand.
Michael Luhrs: Alright.
Lloyd Yates: That's correct. Okay.
Travis Miller: Good. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team. Good morning. Thanks for giving me time. Hey. Just Good morning. Go ahead. I wanna go back to the Jenco entity I think you guys mentioned, you know, cash flow to shareholders. One thing you can clarify I mean, I think you're you're pretty clear in your commentary to regulated entity. As we think about returns, this should look like regulated returns. Right? Four or could this be high returns? First question. And second, maybe just the timing of that cash flow. Is that you know, do you expect earnings, cash flow benefit from this entity in the 2025 to 2029? Period, or is it you know, beyond that? Those are my two questions. Thank you.
Lloyd Yates: So I think we as we talk about the NIPSCO Genco. I think you would we would think about this in a way that that that we would have maybe other than regulated returns. I did I think this allows us to operate in an area as we negotiate with our counterparties to get returns above and beyond what our potential regulated returns are.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Okay. So about Andean, clear. And then what about the timing? Like, when should we see earnings from these kind of opportunities start accumulating you know, as it relates to the financial plan? Is it in the twenty-five to twenty-ninth period, or could it go really, you know, end of the decade and then beyond?
Lloyd Yates: As I said earlier, when at the beginning, this will be a 2025 event. And when we have signed contracts with counterparties, and have, you know, definitive information, we will get that out to you guys as soon as possible.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Sure. No. Thanks, Lloyd. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Again, should you have a question, please press star followed by the number one. Our last question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Wealth Research. Sir, please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. Congrats on the results. So apologizing for hitting some of the same topics. Here. But just on the declination filing, do we have do you know do we know where other parties are on this yet? There any kind of schedule?
Michael Luhrs: Yes. Happy to provide some additional perspective on that. We do have information as to what different parties are asking questions on and thinking about that. We are working through that process now to make sure that we're providing feedback and answering those questions. We would expect that that would be by Q3. In Q3, that we would have the ruling associated with the declination. The key component I'll add to it is again remembering that it is a regulated entity, and we see it as beneficial not only to large load customers, not only to NIPSCO, not only to our existing customer base, but also in enabling what we have done and continue to do is work in developing projects that we can bring in. And this allows us to do that in a timely fashion. So we see it as good for the community, or developers of projects for our existing customer base. And for what we're doing associated with NIPSCO.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And just since it's a bit of a unique filing, is there going to be kind of a recommendations by parties, you know, it like, is there a process or you just are you in, like, talks or, like, settlement talks or I'm just trying to understand, like, the process of this case.
Michael Luhrs: Yeah. It'll proceed through the normal IURC process. It'll go through the standard work of that being reviewed people intervening associated with us, us answering questions, from what we're getting on the declination. And then working with those individuals and groups to be able to proceed that through the normal IURC process. It is not materially different in process than what we would do with our other filings. It's Melody.
Melody Birmingham: No. I would just add on to what Michael said. It says standard procedural filing. And so we expect an order in ruling around Q3 of 2025. Just like any other standard order or standard filing, at any time, you could have individuals who choose to intervene but our team did a lot of work upfront working with or stakeholders to make sure they understood what it was. And so socializing the benefit of the A Genco. So we feel fairly confident that the destination application and the strategy are consistent with Indiana law.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And I just wanted to clarify just Is this if you did set this structure up, would there be anything needed from kind of FERC to approve this, or can it all be done with just state approvals?
Michael Luhrs: So we need the IURC approved first. And then at some point in the future, we will likely request some different approvals associated with work, but the primary approval that we need is with the IURC. The FERC approvals don't need to be sought on the beginning of the application or on what we're doing to what we're doing right now through the Awesome.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. But to actually set it up and sign a contract, do you need FERC?
Michael Luhrs: You do not. You do not. It is more of I don't wanna I would I don't wanna use the word administrative filing. But it is more of filings that we need to do to ensure that we are dotting all i's and crossing all t's, but it is not necessary in order to set up the entity, be able to move forward with data centers to be able to sign contracts to be able to progress work.
Steve Fleishman: Got it. And then lastly, you kind of answered this, but just maybe more specifically, since you've been very active with these customers, subsequent to the Deepseek kind of event, the last few weeks. Did have you seen any change in tone from the customers on desire to move forward? Or changes in their We have not seen any change in tone. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. We do we have not seen any change in tone from customers. I would say, if anything, we continue to see increased demand and increased opportunity. And I would say the opportunities for efficiency within this space are just beneficial to, I think, all customers in all aspects, but it has not impacted the demand in any way.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Melody Birmingham: Bye. Thank you. That concludes our Q&A session. I will now turn the call back to our CEO, Lloyd Yates, for closing remarks.
Lloyd Yates: Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your interest and investment in NiSource Inc. Have a great day.
Operator: That concludes our conference call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Jeannie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q3 2024 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Turnure, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Chris Turnure: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the NiSource third quarter 2024 investor call. Joining me today are President and Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Yates, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Shawn Anderson, Executive Vice President of Strategy and Risk and Chief Commercial Officer Michael Luhrs, and Executive Vice President and Group President NiSource Utilities, Melody Birmingham. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource's financial performance for the third quarter of 2024, as well as provide an update on our operations and growth drivers. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call to your questions. Slides for today's call are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. We would like to remind you that some of the statements made during this presentation could be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the Risk Factors and MD&A sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some of the statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP measures. Please refer to the supplemental slides, segment information and full financial schedules for information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures. I now like to turn the call over to Lloyd.
Lloyd Yates: Thank you, Chris and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on slide three. The NiSource investment thesis is simple. We serve our customers by delivering safe and reliable energy at an affordable value. Affordable energy requires efficient capital deployment, safe asset operations and constructive regulatory recovery mechanisms. These fundamentals generate competitive returns while enhancing our balance sheet position. Importantly, these are the foundation to the NiSource business plan which continues to offer compelling value to stakeholders. Driven by regulated utility operations across six highly constructive jurisdictions, offering diversification across fuel type and regulatory location, strong execution from our team and these business fundamentals are what have driven a trailing twelve month 9.9% earned ROE at the NiSource level, demonstrating our focus on shareholder returns despite rapidly growing deployed capital and declining financial leverage. This is a GAAP number with an adjustment made only to normalized weather. All of this informs our long-term value proposition which our teams continue to advance each quarter. But before we focus on the long-term plan refresh, let's turn to Slide four and touch on the progress our teams have made on our regulatory activity. Being a trusted energy partner and enhancing NiSource's superior regulatory and stakeholder foundation is a priority and we believe differentiates us from peer regulated utilities. We remain active in rate case and tracker filings and build our credibility through our six-state footprint by utilizing a stakeholder focused mindset as we approach these processes. Last month an administrative law judge in Pennsylvania recommended the Commission approve our general rate case multiparty settlement as filed. In October we reached a settlement in our Kentucky General rate case. Approval of both these settlements is subject to final Commission approval. In Indiana, we received approvals for both our Solar CPCN amendments to add full ownership of solar facilities as well as a CPCN they construct a gas peaking facility, all of which helped NiSource retire its remaining coal generating stations by the end of 2028. We also received approval to advance our strategy of using technology to more efficiently serve our customers through an upgraded work and asset management system which utilizes data and analytics through AI to raise productivity and efficiency across the dispatch of our operations team. This includes deferral for one time and ongoing expenses and capital returns for the program which went live in July for our electric operations and will go live next summer for our gas operations. This new technology is also an example of making strategic investments to better inform our culture and enhance risk management across our systems to deliver operational excellence for our customers. Our relentless focus on operational excellence enhances our risk management posture and drives protection for our customers, communities and shareholders, through our capital allocation framework. We face many potential categories of risk which constantly evolve and risk management is central to our values. The utility industry continues to face potential challenges head on, whether it relates to natural disasters, the interest rate environment, inflationary pressures on cost structures or other items of uncertainty. Our teams are constantly implementing proactive solutions to add layers of protection into our plans and lead industry partners to understand and utilize best practices to de risk our execution and deliver our commitments. We have high confidence in our ability to achieve our financial commitments which we believe are highly executable. We are reaffirming 2024 adjusted EPS guidance of $1.70 to $1.74 and we continue to expect to achieve the upper half of this range. We are initiating 2025 adjusted EPS guidance of $1.84 to $1.88 consistent with maintaining our existing 6% to 8% annual growth commitment. Today we are also announcing a refresh of our outlook across our five-year planning horizon and extend this commitment and our overall financial guidelines to 2029. Key elements of that plan included an updated five-year capital plan which is $19.3 billion or equivalent to 89% of our total current rate base. This is slightly larger than our prior plan's 87% of year-end 2023 rate base. This drives 8% to 10% rate base growth over to 2025 to 2029 period, which fuels our ability to increase our adjusted earnings per share growth rate by 6% to 8% annually. Our investments in strengthening the balance sheet support our commitment to target FFO to debt of 14% to 16% in all years of the plan. Our work does not stop at the base capital plan. We are fortunate to have a robust portfolio of valuable customer investments include and extend far beyond our five-year plan horizon, which Shawn will detail later. Our teams remain active in developing this portfolio of projects to meet our standards necessary to be included in our base plan. One example of work by our teams is the development of our strategy to serve the robust interest by data centre customers for power to be served by NIPSCO. The fundamentals of the Northwest Indiana region are compelling to potential data center customers, access to critical infrastructure, including a robust transmission system and proximity to critical fiber connections. Predictable climate and weather with low natural catastrophe risk and a constructive business climate, including favorable tax structures, low-cost land and a supportive state government are all favorable factors in advancing development of data centres in the region. Our teams are working to evaluate this buildout, which could provide benefits to our existing system customers, enhance our communities and local tax space and provide compelling investment opportunities for our shareholders. Northwest Indiana is a premier location for data centres to locate. Simply put, there's potential for substantial value creation for all stakeholders and checking all of these boxes is important to NiSource. Now let's focus on the core execution our teams continue to deliver upon with our regulatory engagement over the last three years detailed on Slide five. During the trailing 12-month period ending last month, our average residential gas bill declined 16% on a total bill basis. Affordability remains a key priority for both NIPSCO and the Columbia family of companies, and we continue to be thoughtful about this as we advance the critical safety, compliance and reliability work necessary to deliver safe and reliable energy to our customers. In September, NIPSCO filed its first electric general rate case in two years, driven by nearly $2.5 billion of incremental investment for our customers and communities in Northern Indiana. The case incorporates the planned 2025 retirement of units 17 and 18 at the Shafer Generating Station as well as four new solar and storage projects now reflecting NIPSCO's full ownership Major investments such as these are examples of our continued partnership with state policymakers, regulators and customers. Switching to Pennsylvania, we expect a final commission order and a new rate implementation in December. In Ohio, $285 million of investment was approved in August for our capital expenditure program rider and we expect to submit for two major capital riders in the state again early next year. In Virginia, intervenor testimony was filed in October for our general rate case and a final order is expected early next year. Before I turn the call over, I want to thank all of our employees and contractors for their dedication to NiSource values, doing things safer, better, more efficient and for less calls. Our customers and shareholders are like allowing you every day. I'll now turn things over to Michael.
Michael Luhrs: Thank you, Lloyd. Good morning. We continue our disciplined and methodical approach to developing and effectuating a robust pipeline of investments to benefit stakeholders. I'll begin on Slide six with an update on our generation investments. As Lloyd mentioned, there has been substantial progress made related to generation investments that will benefit all stakeholders. With Gibson and Fairbanks having received regulatory approval for full ownership in August, we have now converted four projects to full ownership, which will materially lower cost to customers. In addition, we have progressed well in bringing our renewable assets into service. The 200-megawatt Cavalry Solar project with 45 megawatts of storage was placed in service in May, and we expect the 435-megawatt Dunns Bridge II solar project with 56 megawatts of storage to come online very early next year. Fairbanks and Gibson are expected to be in service later in 2025 with no changes to time lines since our last update. 100% of modules for Fairbanks are already on site and Gibson is expected to have all modules delivered by early Q1 2025. In continuing the work of maximizing the benefits of our assets for customers, NIPSCO filed a notification earlier this week with the IURC that an application will be filed requesting to convert the 200-megawatt Templeton Wind Energy Center in Benton County, Indiana, which was approved by the IURC of the PPA to a build transfer agreement in which NIPSCO will own the asset upon completion. If approved, it will reduce customer costs versus the PPA structure at a valuable wind property to our generation portfolio and increase shareholder investment. It is a great example of the NiSource team at work creating a win for all stakeholders. The projects on Slide six are the result of the 2018 and 2021 NIPSCO Integrated Resource Plan and corresponding RFP processes. These projects represent billions of dollars of economically driven investment in the state of Indiana, the majority of which are already delivering zero commodity cost solar and wind, driving down fuel related charges to customers. Please turn to Slide seven. On Monday, the NIPSCO team held the fifth and last stakeholder meeting in the 2024 IRP process. potential incremental generation needs for the planning horizon are driven by three key factors: New EPA fossil fuel regulations, MISO reliability rules and data center demand. As most of you are aware, the EPA greenhouse gas scanners and fossil fuel fired power plant guidelines finalized earlier this year, may limit capacity factors, require carbon sequestration investments or hydrogen utilization for gas generation capacity. Additionally, MISO's four-season capacity construct and the reduction in capacity accreditation under the direct loss of load market design, will have a substantial impact on generation requirements in the MISO footprint. These changes, combined with the significant and growing interest in data centres and NIPSCO supports our IRP reference case, which includes these rule updates and 2,600 megawatts of data center demand. We intend to file the final IRP at the IURC in December. As we work through the major changes to electric demand, we are evaluating the most customer beneficial glide path and our 2030 interim commitment as we move towards our 2040 net zero goal. Environmental objectives remain an important component of our overall company priorities, and we have made significant progress with more than a 70% reduction relative to our 2005 CO2 baseline, and we will continue to balance customer cost reliability and pace of these investments to meet these goals. On Slide eight, you'll find an overview of capital opportunities not included in our base or upside financial plans. These items are under development by NiSource strategy and commercial teams to build the business cases to advance these opportunities for stakeholders. To highlight the breadth of opportunities we have and are developing, I will highlight two disparate examples, data and analytics employing AI and data center work. As Lloyd mentioned, we have made real progress in the strong and effective deployment of technology upgrades, but we have also been building data and analytics capabilities utilizing AI. We have built, tested and are now deploying work management utilizing AI with our gas operations, and we have already seen significant improvements, enabling operational goals, lowering cost, increasing CapEx deployment efficiency and derisking our operations. At the other end of the spectrum, our data center deal team is meeting with qualified counterparties to understand their business models and needs as we develop structures for NIPSCO to support data center generation and transmission needs while ensuring reliability for the region and protecting existing customers. We are actively working to enable access to the speed consistent with the data center demand profile. Fortunately, NIPSCO has a very strong infrastructure network in sites, which have sound technical fundamentals for generation and transmission buildout within the time frames beneficial to data center development. So, though we have not included any data center activity within our plans or upside, we continue to focus on developing and vetting potential opportunities that would be beneficial to existing customers shareholders, data centres and our communities. As mentioned, when we started, we will develop these opportunities in a methodical and disciplined manner just as we've done with the Templeton wind project. Shawn will touch on more of that next. Shawn?
Shawn Anderson: Thank you, Michael. Let's start on Slide nine. Third quarter adjusted EPS was $0.20 per share, an increase of $0.01 versus the same period one year ago. Higher rate base investments drove $61 million in incremental revenue and net financing benefits of approximately $26 million were also realized on a year-over-year basis. Customer count and usage also added $2.6 million across our electric and gas businesses versus last year and have grown over $28 million total for the year. Moving to Slide 10. Let's break down our CapEx plan through 2029. As Lloyd mentioned earlier, we've refreshed our 5-year plan outlook, which starts with a base capital plan of $19.3 billion. The enhanced base plan is $2.9 billion larger than our prior base plan, which is driven by a number of factors, including increased generation investments, gas compliance and system hardening projects, and investments to modernize our information technology systems. As Michael shared, the base plan now reflects the inclusion of the Templeton project, which shifted from our upside plan into our base plan after our teams reached commercial agreement on the ownership of the project. We have enhanced our disclosure on the new base plan to detail the investment themes we are seeing as necessary to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers. All of these investments have met our threshold to be included in the base plan, mainly based on socialization with stakeholders, compliance and safety requirements and commercial structures at an affordable value. We've also spent time refreshing the portfolio of projects in the upside plan, those that our teams are actively working on flowing into the base plan. The revised upside plan now sits at $1.8 billion, and we've included an estimation of when those projects may become viable in our CapEx charts, despite not yet being included in any of our base capital guidance or plans. The $1.8 billion upside category is slightly larger than our previous upside figure. It now consists of electric modernization, PHMSA compliance and legacy plastic and gas systems work as well as additional costs for MISO Tranche 1 projects. We continue to see increased demand for investment in our systems to deliver the growth and system capacity our stakeholders require while in alignment with the necessary operating standards. Once these projects meet our threshold to be included in the base plan, we will flow these through our full plan and provide updates along the way. I'd note here that the base and upside capital expenditures plans do not include any data center investment activity, which Lloyd and Michael highlighted earlier. We believe strongly that the data center strategy represents a compelling opportunity for NiSource. However, additional development of the strategy is required to meet our threshold to include in either the base or upside capital plans. With that said, the company is strongly positioned to advance this strategy. Continued execution on our financial commitments has strengthened the financial profile of the company, including its balance sheet positioning, which enables NiSource to be opportunistic in capital allocation decisions. The constructive regulatory backdrop in Indiana supports a utility-centric regulatory compact and the vertical integration of the business model minimizes complexity for customers and regulators, while providing flexibility around cash flow recovery. NiSource has deep access to capital markets and maintains flexibility to efficiently finance data center opportunities. NiSource also has a long-standing history of supporting large load customers in the steel industry and has experience working with large customers to deliver value for all stakeholders. Let's move to Slide 11. We are pleased to report that we have priced $600 million in common equity through our forward ATM structure, completing our stated guidance for 2024. Along with the junior subordinated notes issued this year, we've continued to strengthen the balance sheet positioning of the company. Despite the increase in capital expenditures included in our revised base capital plan, we do not expect changes to our financing plan and continue to target 14% to 16% FFO to debt in all years of our plan using a balanced mix of cash from operations new long-term debt and $200 million to $300 million of annual maintenance equity to maintain our capital structure through the use of our at-the-market program. Limiting regulatory lag and sequencing our capital expenditures through efficient capital recovery mechanisms, including capital trackers and forward-looking rate mechanisms helped NiSource minimize delays in recovery of capital deployed. Approximately 81% of our new base capital is expected to begin recovery inside 12 months, which fuels reasonable returns of capital and minimizes the need for new equity. This is the same strategy, which has enabled NiSource to achieve the 9.9% trailing 12-month enterprise ROE, which Lloyd highlighted, and which helps us use cash flow returns from the business to fund growth in the CapEx plans. Of note, we will continue to be opportunistic in the junior subordinated debt marketplace to strengthen the position of our FFO to debt as needed throughout our planned horizon. On Slide 12, you'll see our updated long-term financial commitments. The new base plan drives 8% to 10% rate base growth over the five-year period and continues our guidance of achieving annual adjusted EPS growth of 6% to 8% across each year of the plan, reflecting out through the 2029 period. The value of this is notable. As you know, we rebase long-term EPS growth guidance off of actual results and outperformance will flow through the full plan and compound when incorporating our growth rate. For example, as we initiate 2025 guidance of $1.84 to $1.88, the midpoint of this range is $0.10 per share higher than was estimated in our 2022 Investor Day driven by outperforming the midpoint in all years of our plan. And this midpoint is 9.4% above the original midpoint when we initiated guidance for 2024. We are reaffirming our guidance of $1.70 to $1.74 for 2024 and again, expect to achieve results in the upper half of this range. Additionally, we remain committed to 14% to 16% FFO to debt in all years of the plan. As was the case with our prior plan, the upside CapEx category is not required to drive any of the financial commitments shown in the upper center box, and we will flow through any impacts associated with increases to our base case capital plan from the upside plan when those projects meet our standards to be included. I'd note, we remain focused on minimizing the financial impact, better safety, reliability and compliance work has across our customer base. efficient projects like the Templeton Wind Energy Center enable an increase in CapEx plans while reducing the planned cost to customer and eliminate fuel costs for this portion of generation. Our revised plan projects less than 5% average annual bill increases across NiSource. I'll conclude with highlights of our growing track record on Slide 13. Our financial commitments are on track for 2024. We have established guidance for 2025 and remain confident in our near-term and long-term guidance remains resilient to market and forces outside our control and are based on realistic and executable assumptions. Settlements in our Pennsylvania and Kentucky rate cases and approvals for numerous Indiana generation and technology investments underscore our execution of recovery for critical investments to ensure safety and reliability of our systems. Year-to-date financing activity has been completed and the diversification utilized and the junior subordinated debt marketplace demonstrates our balance sheet flexibility and continues to fortify our balance sheet positioning. Lastly, our base and upside CapEx plans demonstrate both programmatic investment plans and accelerated investment opportunities for customers and investors to reiterate our rate base and adjusted EPS guidance include neither the upside CapEx nor any data center load or investment and are built upon the known and socialized regulatory programs, which have contributed to the 8.1% adjusted EPS growth rate we've executed since 2021. The value proposition NiSource continues to offer investors is diversified and regulated utility assets with the opportunity to invest in both programmatic gas infrastructure and the long-term energy transition story of a fully integrated electric business. These elements have been core to our story for some time, but the emerging opportunity to support economic development, onshoring and new data center development truly differentiate our value proposition relative to many alternatives in the market today. I'd now like to turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, the floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Nick Campanella with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, good morning. Good to see everything playing out from the Analyst Day here. So, congrats on that. So, in your prepared remarks, you kind of talked about you're having discussions continuing with data centres. And I understand that the recent increase in CapEx was largely just on the gas side, it seems. So just can you kind of talk about what the catalysts that we should be watching for, for you to kind of layer in those opportunities. Is it getting through an NIPSCO rate case? Is it finishing those discussions on what the tariff looks like? And what would the timing of that be?
Lloyd Yates: So I'll start, and I'll let Michael Luhrs provide more detail NiSource sees the data center opportunity is just a really good incremental investment opportunity. But I think for the company and where we are now, it's primarily a 2025 activity. I think as we progress in discussions with some of the counterparties, who want to kind of get down to the detail and make sure that we do this in a disciplined and methodical way, and that's just going to take time. And if you think about what we just with Templeton Wind project. I mean our ability to do things in a disciplined, methodical way has been probably one of the keys to why we've been executing so well. So, Mike, anything to add to that?
Michael Luhrs: No, you hit it, Lloyd, we were going to work through these opportunities in a manner, as you said, disciplined and methodically, make sure we're providing the benefits to existing customers, that it's accretive for shareholders. And then as we come through those opportunities at which point they are accretive or we know that they're beneficial, we will bring them forward just as we do with the Templeton Wind project today.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. So, is it the right take that these are truly incremental to the plan that the balance sheet can absorb it and that the customer rates can absorb it? And maybe you can kind of just clarify on if you raise CapEx from here, does that require additional equity financing? Thanks.
Shawn Anderson : Yes. Just to be clear, the $19.3 billion capital plan is fully financed through all the systems that we've shared with you today. The $1.8 billion of potential upside CapEx may require modest amounts of equity based on the cash flow profiles of those projects, when they get sequenced and how it would work through the regulatory mechanisms themselves. The incremental investment opportunities are not captured in any of those systems that I just highlighted. That's where data center investments would theoretically live. Therefore, we would have to reevaluate everything to incorporate incremental investment opportunities through our systems. But we don't need a full planned refresh to do that, we'll flow those through our systems, and you'll know those when we know those through this mechanism.
Nicholas Campanella: All right, have a great day. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Very well done, truly impressive. Those are not your average LDCs, I got to say. In fact, to that end, just understand the staggering of different data points here. I mean just impressive CapEx update here, the $1.8 billion upside here. I mean, you're going to get a number of these data points over the next year, that's not something we should be looking to with 4Q. That's going to be a year out. The AI data center-related data points here, given the December IRP, that's a 4Q update presumably, correct?
Shawn Anderson : Yes. Let me just step through it real quick. So, the $1.8 billion of upside CapEx, you can actually see it in the capital allocation side that we shared. But to your point, we don't see much upside CapEx in 2025, but we do see some start to emerge in 2026, 2027. And you can kind of see it layered in. We'll continue to move those around on those bars based on the profile and the development of those projects. As we know more, we'll update that CapEx allocation on where those upside opportunities might land. And then in terms of updates, the IRP, it seems we're clearly working through the preferred portfolio and what it takes to action those. Likewise, with data centres well underway and under development. I imagine both are pretty significant strategies for the company. Therefore, I imagine we'll discuss those on the 4Q call, but I don't know yet what the outlook will be and how those will be incorporated. Again, we'll need to do the commercial development and understand the value creation for all stakeholders. Once we understand that and roll that through the systems, we'll post it here on the call.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent, guys. And if I may, can I open up -- can I get around the details of this -- the data center proposal here, right? You've got the various different iterations here. But the base 2.6 gigawatts here, as you talk about, I mean, is there any kind of thought process that you'd walk though? I mean, I know you can put basic dollar per kilowatt assumptions, maybe some baselines on what you historically owned. Anything that you'd offer up as initial observations to start to translate this kind of a number here, if you will, in a little more detail.
Lloyd Yates: Michael, do you want to take that?
Michael Luhrs: Yes. Thank you. The only thing I'll add to that associated with it is if you look at the IRP detail, you can see what we posted on Monday. What the 2,600 megawatts imputes relative to generation assets and what those assets would entail associated with it. And the investments associated that would be required in storage and CCGTs and other mechanisms. But at this point in time, we don't have additional detail out to that, just as Shawn said, that would be more of a 2025 activity. As Lloyd commented, I will comment that we have multiple scenarios in the IRP process, covering a range of outcomes and opportunities, including an upside case associated with 6,000 megawatts, but again, you can see from the materials, sort of what that could potentially entail associated with assets.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes. Got it. But at this time, no specific views on percent palatable to own?
Lloyd Yates: No, not at this time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. All right, guys, thank you very much. We'll see you soon. Nicely done.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Sunderland with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Richard Sunderland: Hey, good morning and thank you for the time today. Maybe I'll just pick up on what Julien was asking on just now again, the 2.6 gigawatts in the load scenarios and the IRP, I think that's really clear. But as you've showed with Templeton, you've also done a lot of work on generation that's outside of this kind of data center load opportunity that we're all focused on. I'm curious what type of generation you might need in the IRP regardless of said data center load shows up or not? And maybe just the sort of generation needs overall, given you've done a lot of this work to convert PPA projects into company-owned projects? Kind of how do you think about that bucket broadly going forward?
Michael Luhrs: Yes. I'd be happy to talk about that more. So, when you look at what we've done, just hitting on one of the points you made. We have done a lot of work associated with the generation assets, which are very beneficial relative to customers and all stakeholders and shareholders associated with it. We will continue to do work like that to make sure we're maximizing the opportunities and the benefits to all parties. And so, we're excited about the opportunity associated with Templeton should it be approved by the commission. When you look at the IRP and the elements going forward, in pretty much all cases especially given the DLOL rules for MISO, you need storage and you need between 500 megawatts and a gigawatt of storage associated with it. And that's to help address those different accreditation methodology for MISO and the impacts of them. At the same time, to statable resources, we've all known that statable resources will be necessary, batteries help with that. But at the same time, you also are going to need additional spinning assets such as gas turbines or peakers. You see that when you look at those scenarios, regardless of data centres, you need more dispatchable resources, that will show up in most likely the form of cash generation. I will emphasize with that. We are still focused on our 2014 goal and we continue to work through those, even though we make sure that we're doing our interim goals associated with it in the most customer beneficial way. But you can just see from those what those potential assets look like in the near term, even though I will say -- as you look at that, most of those assets would be in the sort of as you're looking beyond the 2029 kind of time frame associated with it. So not as much in the next couple of years, as Shawn highlighted. And then obviously, the resource plan goes significantly further out, which then there's significantly more resource potential additions as you move through time with the EPA rules.
Richard Sunderland: Great. Thank you for that color there. And then again, kind of zooming out here on the data center opportunity, I realize there's a lot more work and you've been clear on some of the commercial efforts. But going back to the summer with that big Microsoft project announcement, curious if you could say anything more on that front? Is that -- given that's out there, is it something closer along to getting firmed up and added to either your base or your upside plan. And anything else you could say there about kind of the work going forward on that?
Lloyd Yates: The point is, I think all of the data center, the activity and the associated work with the counterparty is primarily the 2025 activity. And Microsoft did announce that last year, but I think the timetable we're on is 2025.
Richard Sunderland: Got it clear enough. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey team, good morning. Thanks for giving me time. Just first quick clarification is Templeton Wind. I just want to be clear on this. That's in the base plan. Is that correct?
Lloyd Yates: Yes. We just moved that -- the upside to the base plan.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Perfect. And then maybe, Shawn, I know you kind of talked to the equity staying the same, but it's a substantial increase in the capital plan versus five years like close to 20%. And you talked about 81%, I believe, was the number that you called out, getting recovery in the zero to six months. Is it just that with this -- even with this capital increase, you don't have to issue any more equity? Or is this more regulatory filings, perhaps an improvement in ROE, maybe just a little bit more color around that front would be helpful.
Shawn Anderson : Yes, sure. Appreciate it, Durgesh. More efficient capital allocation, which minimizes regulatory lag. That's really the key, and it supports a higher cash flow from operations, which we're seeing across our systems, maybe about 10% over the course of the plan horizon. That's helping to contribute to a more efficient financing structure. But again, I'd note we worked ahead here in 2024 on credit quality, both in terms of outperforming our financial projections in the current year and utilizing the junior sub marketplace for $1 billion of funding, which were not initially in the plan. So, we've already made some of this progress to date and we're capitalizing on some of that benefit also.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. So, I mean you have some breathing room to start with. Okay. Final question, just on flat O&M. You've had this guidance for a few years now. So maybe just how you're thinking through that? I understand, obviously, there's a large increase in the capital program. With that comes higher operating expenses, well, I would assume, but generally, growth in the business, inflation has come down, but it's still there. Just how are you thinking? What's the confidence level in sort of extending that flat O&M as we go to sort of latter years of your financial plans?
Lloyd Yates: So Durgesh, I mentioned in the value safer, better, faster and more efficient and to lower cost. And I think there's a lot more opportunity at NiSource to drive those values through the organization. We talked about our work in asset management process and using AI to improve our schedule and efficiencies. So, our hands on time and our workforce has gone up and we're just getting more done with the people we have. And I think when you look at the foreseeable future, I do see -- continue to see flat O&M Project Apollo is in its second year, and there's just a whole lot more opportunity. So, we see being flat for the foreseeable future by being more effective and more efficient.
Durgesh Chopra: That's very clear. Congrats, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Fowler with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ross Fowler: Morning, Lloyd. Morning, Michael. Morning, Shawn, how are you? So, you mentioned sort of MISO capacity in the prepared remarks. So, I just wanted to dig into that a little bit. Clearly, they've adopted some of the constructs for the next auction that PJM also has. And so, we saw what happened in PJM with higher capacity prices we saw sort of what the feedback there has been. I guess a couple of questions related to that. Do you feel like the IRP and the rate case and sort of the vertically integrated model in Indiana allow you to get that conversation going with the regulator get in front of what we might see for an auction result next spring. And then in the context of the IRP, you talked about data centres and sort of the demand being a 2025 kind of thing. How do you think about the risk of timing related to the demand coming in over time, right? Because it still takes time to build the data center and the ability to sort of build disbatchable generation, which we're hearing takes sort of four, five, six years by the time you get the permitting and the turbine and that sort of thing. So maybe contextualize.
Lloyd Yates: Yes. Let me start that Mike can weigh in. You think about NIPSCO, where we serve electricity, even though we're part of MISO, we continue to be a vertically integrated utility, responsible for generation transmission and distribution. I think the MISO model gives us a competitive advantage in terms of speed to market to facilitate some of these data center load. I think with respect to the speed, the data center grows or below demand, I think that's part of the conversation of the activity for 2025. At what pace can we build it? And can we build to match the demand of those data center loads as part of the conversations that we're having that will go into 2025. Mike, anything to add to that?
Michael Luhrs: The only thing I would add is when we go through the IRP process, it includes stakeholders across it. So those conversations relative to MISO accreditation the scenarios around it, the EPA requirements, which may require carbon sequestration and storage have already been gone. So, we've been having those conversations with stakeholders now and introducing that, what the impact of that would be and also what that means some potential portfolios. The only thing I would highlight relative to data centres in addition is that we are working through those activities, and I would just say we are well aware of the demand requirements of the entities associated with what they would want to do. So, as we work through it in a methodical and disciplined fashion. I would also say we're working through what it takes to meet that demand in a methodical and disciplined fashion to satisfy our customer needs.
Ross Fowler: Okay. And then I guess on the capacity auction, if you do get a high capacity clear, which you've already kind of seen in Missouri and ISO I know you're a different zone, but given the rules they've adopted with the VR curve sector. Do you worry about that in conjunction with your regulators? And does that eat into a little bit of a headroom? Or how should I think about that? Should we be going the same capacity price direction in MISO that we've seen in PJM?
Michael Luhrs: My comment to that would be, and then others can jump in associated with it. My comment to that would be that's one of the reasons the vertically integrated model has so been official associated with it. because we have requirements and whatever is brought to bear that we have to provide for the reserve margin on top of that as well as what's associated with the accreditation reduction. So, I would say, fundamentally, supply/demand, we're helping to keep that supply-demand in balance associated by what we're doing and what we're looking at would be required in resource additions, which is also why we included the case -- the reference case with 2,600 megawatts of potential large low like data centres and the scenario upside. So, though we are always cognizant of that and focus on what that impact the customers in, I would also say that vertically integrated model helps mitigate a lot of that risk.
Ross Fowler: Thank you for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Travis Miller: Hello everyone. Thank you. Good figure, another data center question, and perhaps this is just a clarification and the clarification of all the clarifications you've given. But do you technically need to build anything, put infrastructure in the ground to allow power to flow to that Microsoft center initially and then maybe one or two others. That's more of a technical question, right? Do you actually need to build anything in the short term to get these first couple of data centres online?
Lloyd Yates: Yes, we would need to build to facilitate the kind of low demand we're talking about, whether it's Microsoft or any other counterparty.
Travis Miller: And is that more generation or transmission for the first for the Microsoft Center and maybe one or two others.
Lloyd Yates: Most of these investments would require both generation and transmission.
Michael Luhrs: The only thing I would add associated with that, though, is as mentioned before, we do have a very beneficial territory associated with that from what we have in transmission capability capacity as well as we have great sites associated with that generation. But when you look at the demand associated with all these entities, you are going to have to add additional resources and additional infrastructure in order to meet the high load factor and high reliability demand of those entities.
Travis Miller: Okay. So literally, the Microsoft Center that was announced can't come online until you build new generation or new transmission, however, that works out.
Michael Luhrs: I wouldn't infer that from it. I would just infer that when you're talking about adding significant scale associated with the system, you have to make sure that you're meeting the reserve margins and reliability requirements, saying that they can't come online without any of that in place, I would say, would be sort of going a step too far associated with it.
Travis Miller: Okay. Got it. And then on the different topic gas demand. What are you seeing right now in terms of gas demand? And how much gas demand growth is in your new and extended CapEx plan assumption?
Shawn Anderson : Yes, we're still seeing a fair amount of growth across our service territories, most notably, Virginia, Central Ohio continue to grow and continue to extend the system. We're still seeing customers close to 1% on a net customer basis, the total number of additions we have minus attrition is ending at about net 1% for the gas businesses. We continue to see demand from an economic development standpoint for onshoring and for gas pipelines to support electric vehicle battery manufacturers and a few other examples that we have across the service territory. We tend to be a little bit bearish in our forecast as it relates to total customer additions. Economic development and customer growth can be hard to predict. Therefore, we tend to mute what the forecast looks across the horizon for total customer count growth, but we're continuing to see close to that 1% on a trailing 12-month basis.
Travis Miller: Okay, great. I appreciate all the thoughts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gabe Moreen with Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Gabriel Moreen: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just following up on the last question around gas. Can you just maybe give a little more color on the step change within Columbia CapEx? Are you accelerating work here? Is it costing more? Are there any discrete projects at various jurisdictions you point to. And then sort of as a second part to that, can you just talk about to what extent any changes in the gas forward curve, which has come down since the last five-year plan may or may not have played into the CapEx increase as well as the ability to keep customer bills 5% or lower? Thanks.
Shawn Anderson : Yes. You bet, Gabe. I appreciate the question. So the gas system hardening work that we're seeing. I don't know if I'd necessarily call it a step change so much as a glide into what the requirements will be for the completion of the Bersteel replacement programs. Some new first-generation plastic replacement programs are starting to pop up as well. We do have some gas AMI investment, which we've been focused on, and we would like to continue. We think that drives great efficiency and better service for our customers. So, there is some of that included as well. But IOI in-line inspection work continues as well as some transmission compliance. We expect that some PHMSA of rulemaking as well in the new year could give better indications on time lines associated with the compliance requirements for linked detection rules. So, there's a whole host of things for us to do to help harden the gas system, and that's what you're seeing in the capital allocation itself. And then in terms of the forward-look gas curve, the average cost for gas right now across our service territory is about $2.20, we've used the NYMEX curve in this forecast, which increases that by 43% next year, an additional 12% in the subsequent year. So, it already reflects a pretty healthy step up in gas costs that's included inside that fuel that we've projected across the horizon.
Gabriel Moreen: Great, thanks Shawn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Levine with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ryan Levine: Good morning. Are there any steps that have been taken for NiSource or NIPSCO to enter a Q for critical gas generation infrastructure that could help accelerate the time to market for your customers?
Michael Luhrs: Yes. I wouldn't get into those specific details associated with what we've done on those activities based as we're going through the commercial discussions. I will just say that we have been appropriately planning associated with what's needed just as the previous question was asking relative to there's any infrastructure required. All these facilities require some level of infrastructure, whether it be substation, transmission, generation, et cetera. But we have been -- we're appropriately aware and have been calibrated to that and have been positioning ourselves effectively.
Lloyd Yates: One of the advantages of NIPSCO is our proximity to the gas supplies to the Utica and Marcellus shales. So, I think as you look at these opportunities, I mean we mentioned earlier, approximately a robust transmission -- electric transmission system in proximity to gas supply are just critical advantages for the company.
Michael Luhrs: And I will add one more thing to that. We are seeing that gas benefit and that gas benefit across territories in more than just Indiana. We see it in other of our territories because it's very beneficial relative to not only the onshoring, but also for data center activities. And other areas as a look of how to address potential power shortfalls in other areas.
Ryan Levine: And maybe a follow-up, given maybe increased demand for this type of infrastructure, how much of your new CapEx guidance change is associated with items previously in the plan costing more versus additional items being added to the CapEx plan?
Shawn Anderson : Ryan, I don't think we have that exact calc on what's an inflationary increase versus a change in compliance requirements, regulation requirement or what's necessary for us to deliver reliability for our customers. So wouldn't be able to parse it down. But I think the thematic answer is that additional work not the cost of the same work is what's driving the cost -- the direction it's headed. And we just continue to see the cost of compliance and regulation to increase, whether that's coming from EPA, whether that's coming from MISO and FERC whether that continues to come from PHMSA is really the driver of the capital allocation increase.
Ryan Levine: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A session. I will now turn the conference back over to Lloyd Yates, CEO, for closing remarks.
Lloyd Yates: Thank you for your interest, and thanks for your questions today. Thank you for your interest in NiSource. And we look forward to seeing all of you at the EEI financial conference in a couple of weeks.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-07 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is John, and I will be your conference operator for today. I'd this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter NiSource Earnings Conference Call 2024. [Operator Instructions]. I'd now like to turn the call over to Chris Turnure, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Chris Turnure: Good morning, and welcome to the NiSource Second Quarter 2024 Investor Call. Joining me today are President and Chief Executive Officer, Lloyd Yates; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Shawn Anderson; Executive Vice President of Strategy and Risk and Chief Commercial Officer, Michael Luhrs; and Executive Vice President and Group President, NiSource Utilities, Melody Birmingham. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource’s financial performance for the second quarter of 2024 as well as provide an update on our operations and growth drivers. Following our prepared remarks, we’ll open the call to your questions. Slides for today’s call are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. We would like to remind you that some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the risk factors and MD&A sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some of the statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP measures. Please refer to the supplemental slides, segment information and full financial schedules for information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures. I’d now like to turn the call over to Lloyd.
Lloyd Yates: Thank you, Chris. And good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 3. The NiSource investment thesis is simple. We serve our customers by delivering safe and reliable energy at an affordable price. Affordable energy requires efficient capital deployment, safe asset operations and constructive regulatory recovery mechanisms. These fundamentals generate competitive returns while enhancing our balance sheet position. Our trailing 12-month earned ROE at the NiSource level was 10.3%, demonstrating our focus on shareholder returns despite rapidly growing deployed capital. This is a GAAP number with an adjustment made only to normalize weather. Slide 4 shows our key priorities. Today, we reported second quarter 2024 adjusted EPS of $0.21 We are reaffirming 2024 adjusted EPS guidance of $1.70 to $1.74 and we now expect to achieve the upper half of this range. We are also reaffirming annual 2023 to 2028 guidance for adjusted EPS growth of 6% to 8% for all years of the plan and rate base growth of 8% to 10%. We continue to target FFO-to-debt of 14% to 16% in all years of the plan. Our superior regulatory and stakeholder foundation is differentiated. We have a long history of working collaboratively to deliver value across diverse constituencies. A huge effort is made to communicate proactively with stakeholders and demonstrate the value of our operations and investments on an ongoing basis, both during and between full rate cases, while also incorporating a balanced perspective from many of our participating stakeholders. Engaging with stakeholders enhances alignment, providing advanced notice of coming changes, often helping to pave the way for stakeholder support. Balance sheet flexibility remains on this page for a reason. Late last year, we raised over $2 billion in minority interest funding and projected up to $600 million of common equity issuance for 2024, to which we've made great progress. We have also been active in the hybrid security market last quarter. NiSource is prepared for unforeseen challenges and opportunities. We have regularly discussed our upside CapEx investment programs for the past several quarters. Recently, we have seen an acceleration of customer interest in our Northern Indiana service area. In June, governor Holcomb of Indiana announced plans for a significant new data center in a NIPSCO footprint, following granting of a state sales tax exemption. This is the fourth data center announcement statewide this year, and just one of the many indications of customer interest and stakeholder support for NIPSCO. Indiana offers many attractive features to data center developers. Access to infrastructure, including roads and water, land, predictable climate and weather, low cost of living, stable and low taxes, and supportive regulation in government are just a few. We believe data center development can enhance our local tax base, diversify the employment base across the State of Indiana, and provide greater value to existing customers and shareholders. We are also uniquely positioned to be the convener of key stakeholders in serving the broader public interest. This puts us at the precipice of discussions on data center advancement in a balanced and thoughtful manner. Vertically integrated utilities like NIPSCO are part of an interdependent group of communities and stakeholders, and we'll be thoughtful about our system safety, reliability, and cost allocation for all our customers. We'll move as quickly as possible while maintaining the integrity of our commercial planning, regulatory procurement, and operational execution processes. Please turn to slide 5. In July, several new IT applications went live at NIPSCO Electric Operations. These are the first stages of rollout across categories of technology investment and are the culmination of work beginning back in 2022. Major software programs such as these supports safer and more efficient work practices. The new systems were quickly put to the test during severe July weather and performed as designed. I am pleased to report on this successful launch and look forward to upcoming rollouts across different areas of the organization. This is only one piece of our operational excellence initiative. Project Apollo continues to find efficiencies throughout the organization after ramping up last year. Stable O&M over our plan horizon continues to be a part of achieving our financial commitments. Last month, a major windstorm impacted our Indiana service area, bringing tornadic activity, wind speeds up to 90 miles per hour, and heavy rainfall. Our electric operations team monitors evolving weather patterns and prepares resources in advance of storms, including engagement of contractors and mutual aid crews from neighboring utilities in Michigan and Wisconsin. Our preparation and around the clock response involve 400 line workers and 86 tree trimming crews enabled a successful restoration. I want to thank each and every employee and contractor for their tireless dedication to restoring service and safety across our communities. In summary, the NiSource business plan offers a differentiated opportunity to return value to all stakeholders. Our teams continue to deliver on our commitments, financially, operationally, and being a trusted business partner to customers and employees. Beyond keeping our plans on track, our teams are vigilantly seeking enhancements to an already premium plan in ways to enhance value as we move forward. I'd now like to turn the call over to Melody.
Melody Birmingham: Alright. Thank you, Lloyd. I want to spend a few moments updating each of you on the important regulatory activity we have across our companies which is profiled on Slide 6. Our focus on operational excellence coupled with the soft in commodity pricing, has driven lower bills over the last 12 months across our gas businesses despite the critical investments our teams continue to make. During the 12 months, which ended June 30, our average residential gas customer bill declined over 16% from a year earlier on a total basis. In Indiana, last week, The Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission approved the NIPSCO Gas Rate Case unanimous settlement, which was reached in March. The approval incorporated $1 billion of additional capital investment versus our last rate case, a new weather normalization adjustment and approval of NIPSCO's automated metering infrastructure or AMI project. In Kentucky, our general rate case was filed in May and we expect intervener testimony later this month with hearings in October. Also, wanted to note the Kentucky Public Service Commission Chair Kent Chandler recently vacated his post at the end of his three-year term, which ended on June 30th. Our work in Pennsylvania is a great demonstration of the value of our risk reduction strategy and alignment with our stakeholders. Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania met with the Pennsylvania Utility Commission in late 2022 and was the first gas utility to seek the commission's approval for the replacement of vintage plastic pipe in our long term infrastructure plan. The commission approved Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania's request early in 2023. Just recently, the chairman of the commission made a motion directing other natural gas companies to amend their infrastructure plans to prioritize the replacement of vintage plastic pipe on their systems as well. Meanwhile, our Pennsylvania rate case continues to progress on schedule after initial intervenor testimony was filed in June and hearings were held last month. We remain confident in achieving a constructive outcome to support our stakeholders and the value of our energy investments for Pennsylvanian customers and communities. In Virginia last month, the Commonwealth was named the top state in the country for business by CNBC for the third time in the last five-years. The survey considered factors ranging from education quality to the cost of doing business. Also recently, our Columbia Gas of Virginia team reached a preliminary settlement with a customer to build a gas pipeline to serve on-site generation for the customer's data center operations. This project has the potential to be one of the largest multi-tenant data center operations in the world. This is made possible by the highly reliable and on demand characteristics of natural gas, which will fuel the generation necessary to house this critical data. It's projects like these that can contribute to economic growth and lead to increased demand for energy and infrastructure services. In Ohio, our team was able to find a solution to help keep advanced manufacturer and extruder of aluminum, Pennex, as a valued customer and vital employer in the state. Both Columbia Gas of Ohio and Pennex will now invest millions of dollars into the local economy, supporting 100s of jobs and expanding manufacturing operations in an area that does not have many development opportunities. Projects such as this one is helping our communities and helping our communities thrive. These developments also create upside in our plans, growth on our system, and create more opportunities for residential expansion within the region. Early last month, NiSource released our 2024 Environmental, Social and Governance, or ESG, report. The report demonstrates progress on key initiatives designed to make a positive impact on the communities we serve while valuing our customers. Highlights include continued reduction in fugitive methane emissions from gas, main, and service lines, increased diverse supplier spending, and advancement towards our top decile safety performance. NiSource continues to achieve top quartile ESG performance when aggregated across five key ESG raters. In May, NiSource was awarded the top AAA ESG rating for the third consecutive year by MSCI ESG ratings. The AAA rating is reserved for the top 10% of utilities, and the company was assessed as an ESG leader in corporate governance, corporate behavior, human capital development and toxic emissions and waste. In July, we received our annual Financial Times Stock Exchange Index, or FTSE, ESG score and we now rank in the 89th percentile of global utility companies. Our FTSE ESG score increased two deciles since July of 2023, and last but not least, I would like to highlight the work our teams are doing to improve our overall customer satisfaction. In the J. D. Power Gas Residential Midyear 2024 customer satisfaction survey, Columbia Gas of Ohio, Columbia Gas of Kentucky, and Columbia Gas of Virginia outperformed the industry average within their respective segments and quite notably, Columbia Gas of Virginia was named number one the top gas utility brand in the country. I'll now turn things over to Shawn.
Shawn Anderson: Thanks, Melody. I'd like to begin by discussing the status of our generation assets under construction which are being developed to support the integrated resource plan preferred portfolio from the 2018 and 2021 IRPs. In May, we completed Cavalry Solar, which is our third solar project owned by NIPSCO. It will provide power to approximately 60,000 homes in White County and is expected to generate $25 million of tax revenue for the county over its life. Construction continues on our remaining three solar build transfer projects and 4 PPA projects. All of these projects under construction remain on track and on budget to support the energy transition NIPSCO has been executing since 2020 and which will retire our Shaffer Generating Station by the end of 2025 and Michigan City by the end of 2028. NIPSCO filed unopposed proposed orders for two of these projects, Fairbanks and Gibson, and CPCN amendment proceedings, and the records are now closed in both. We expect final orders later this month. The record is also closed in the gas peaker CPCN proceeding and a final order is expected in the fourth quarter. In total, these ongoing generation investments add $2.1 billion of capital expenditures to support our retiring coal plants and are fully represented in the $16.4 billion base capital plan and satisfy the preferred portfolio from the 2021 IRP. Turning our attention to the latest IRP process, in late June, the NIPSCO team held the second of five stakeholder meetings leading up to an anticipated filing in November. These discussions outlined scenarios which included an incremental need for generation by 2035 of 2.6 gigawatts for the reference case and 8.6 gigawatts in the emerging load sensitivity case. It is important to note that the potential load growth assumptions built into these scenarios are not the total or maximum range of new load growth, but rather a risk adjusted case using assumptions of how much of each project could be executed by each date. Note, the IRP process looks at a 20-year load forecast for our region and is not a direct forecast of future NiSource generation projects or investment. With that said, the interest demonstrated from new customers to develop in the Northwest Indiana region is significant and presents a tremendous opportunity for our customers and communities to enhance tax base, diversify employment opportunities, and participate in the technological innovation datacenters bring to our nation. Consistent with last quarter, this potential opportunity is not included in our base case or upside financial plans, and we will continue to advance commercial discussions to enhance visibility in the coming months. As we review our five-year base investment plan on Slide 8, it's important to note the diversified nature of these investments, which span across electric generation as well as gas and electric distribution modernization, system hardening, and customer growth. Our projects lack concentration risk by fuel type or by operating company and are highly executable given the skilled labor and partnerships we've developed. Let's move forward to slide 9. We also continue to work through the planning, design, regulatory, and timing considerations for projects not yet included in our $16.4 billion base capital plan. Automated meter reading or AMI investments commenced recently in Indiana. It is expected to drive operational efficiencies and enhance our customer experience. A portion of total AMI across the NiSource companies is included in our base capital plan with the potential to expand across the rest of our gas companies. We are developing MISO Long Range Transmission Planning or LRTP Tranche 1 projects expected to come online late this decade. The three projects are the Indiana portion of a major multi state line and are included in our base financial plan. Preliminary engineering has been conducted and point to higher costs which exceed original MISO estimates. Our base plan does not include the additional CapEx potentially necessary to complete these projects. LRTP Tranche 2 continues to be a longer term investment opportunity that would likely commence beyond the timeline of our current financial plan. These projects skew towards higher voltage transmission and would not begin operation until early next decade. We have right of first refusal on projects in our service territory and expect a final MISO plan late this year. Now I'll transition to our financial results. Second quarter adjusted EPS was $0.21 per share, a $0.10 per share increase versus the $0.11 per share reported in the same period last year. Net revenue increased 15% year-over-year, including $8 million of incremental normalized customer usage. Our regulatory weather normalization mechanisms continue to protect both customers and shareholders from volatility. In the second quarter, these constructs had an approximately $6 million revenue impact versus normal weather. Our states are growing, helping to reduce customer costs and support safety and reliability improvements to our system. Customer count and total weather normalized gas throughput for residential and commercial customers grew in the first half across our system. Virginia and Ohio were standouts with an average first half weather normalized throughput growth of 7.1% for residential and 5.7% for commercial customers across both states. While the load growth forecasts from the IRP demonstrate a massive long-term increase of 11% compounded annually from 2024 to 2035 in the reference case, normalized electric load grew 5% in the second quarter from our existing customers alone. Residential and commercial classes were particularly strong and further, existing data center customers have grown year-to-date uses by five times versus the same period last year and are projecting further growth through the remainder of this decade. Our long-term financial guidance commitments are shown on Slide 11. As Lloyd indicated, we are reaffirming 2024 EPS guidance of $1.70 to $1.74, but we now expect to achieve the upper half of this range. All of our five-year commitments are reaffirmed today as well. This includes the year-over-year adjusted EPS growth rate of 6% to 8% annually off of the achieved results in 2024. We remain confident in achieving our long term growth rate in all remaining years of the plan. In particular, year-to-date execution on the financing and regulatory fronts has increased visibility into 2024 and 2025 results. For example, approximately 97% of expected 2024 rate recovery is now finalized. Our forecasts incorporate continued use of long established capital trackers in nearly all of our jurisdictions and are based on what we believe are realistic regulatory outcomes and do not forecast material changes in the interest rate environment. More importantly, we are still able to deliver our $16.4 billion rate base investment to customers while keeping average annual residential total bill growth at or below 4% across the five-year period. As we look forward to November, we expect to continue with our annual cadence of updating our five-year financial plan, reflecting these updated assumptions as well as our capital allocation and investment portfolios. Slide 12 details our financing plan. We are reaffirming 14% to 16% FFO-to-debt in all years of the plan, as well as our guided annual equity needs in each year through 2028. Consistent with prior updates, the figures shown in this page support our base capital plan. In May, we issued 500 million of 30 year junior subordinated notes at a 6.95% coupon for the first five-year period. In June, we issued 600 million of five-year senior unsecured notes at a 5.2% coupon, and our equity financing is limited to the use of our At The Market ATM program in all years and consistent with previous indications, we prefer to utilize a forward ATM structure. Through June 30th, we are happy to report we have priced 500 million of our up to 600 million 2024 guided amount. We are capitalizing on favorable absolute and relative market dynamics within the capital structure to minimize the overall cost of capital. Our credit metrics are gradually moving higher, and we retain the flexibility we've built into our plan. I'll conclude with highlights of our growing track record on slide 13. Our financial commitments are on track for 2024, and we now expect to achieve the upper half of our $1.70 to $1.74 adjusted EPS range. Our near term and long term guidance remains resilient to market and other forces outside our control and are based on realistic and executable assumptions. Execution on numerous capital trackers, the conclusion of our Indiana gas rate case and progress on CPCNs underscore our execution of recovery for critical investments to ensure safety and reliability of our systems. Year-to-date financing activity, including pricing of the majority of our forward ATM plan for the year, and diversification utilized in the junior subordinated debt marketplace demonstrates our balance sheet flexibility. Lastly, our base and upside CapEx estimates demonstrate the programmatic investment plans alongside accelerated upside for customers and investors. To reiterate, our rate base and adjusted EPS guidance includes neither the upside CapEx nor any data center load or investment and is built upon the known and socialized regulatory programs which have contributed to the 8.1% adjusted EPS growth rate we've executed since 2021. The value proposition NiSource continues to offer investors is diversified and fully regulated utility assets with the opportunity to invest in both programmatic gas infrastructure and the long-term energy transition story of a fully integrated electric business. These elements have been core to our story for some time, but the emerging opportunity to support economic development, on shoring and new data center development truly differentiate our value proposition relative to many alternatives in the market today. I'd now like to turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Good morning. Look, I just want to drill a little bit further on sort of the MISO opportunities. Just on Tranche 2.1, can we get maybe a bit of a sense of how much of the $23 billion to $27 billion for the total tranche is relevant for you? And then $2.2 billion obviously it's coming in 2025. What are we looking at there from a spend perspective? Thanks.
Lloyd Yates:
.:
Shawn Anderson: Hey, Shar, good morning. So, Tranche 1 projects, we began the process working with MISO and have estimated -- MISO's original estimate around $300 million of Tranche 1 for the portfolio of projects planned to be executed. We think that it will take a little bit more to be able to execute those projects safely and reliably the way MISO is expecting that energy to be able to be moved across the multistate region. So we're engagement right now with MISO, sharing those plans and identifying what that will look like. We plan to have more of an update as we step towards our next call in the November refresh of our capital plans. And then on Tranche 2, it's still early on those. We haven't really formally put those estimates out. We do expect to see something at the very end of this year with MISO and plan to be able to estimate those, thereafter once we've had a chance to really look at those plans, but reminder there, most of that is gonna be beyond the plan horizon as it's in service dates or early 2030s.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. And then Lloyd, just lastly maybe just for you is the messaging kind of around data center opportunities and those conversations hasn't really changed since you started to talk about it at start of this year. I guess at what point do you think you'll have some level of confidence where some of these discussions you're having can start to kind of be embedded in plans as we're thinking about either the growth perspective, the CapEx perspective because some of your peers have begun to quantify, you've seen load numbers tick higher, you've seen some numbers around CapEx opportunities depending on the size of the DC or the hyperscaler. I guess at what point could we get a little bit more confidence around putting this into the plan? Is EEI kind of the right podium? Are you thinking more like as we get to the back half of this year? Thanks.
Lloyd Yates: So, a little bit of a long winded answer here. Let me start by saying, we're really excited about the data center opportunity. We think it is a significant opportunity to grow the company. We also understand that Northern Indiana is just a very attractive location for data centers. So we we're getting a lot of interest that I talked about in my script, you know, great public policy. Indiana passed legislation for sales tax exemption for data centers in 2019. We have great infrastructure in terms of roads, access to energy, transmission. So people are very interested in, putting data centers and really big data centers in the state of Indiana. What we've been doing is meeting with various stakeholders, and I'm talking about the people from the governor's office, legislators, utility commissioners, and making sure that we understand in detail what their concerns are and what needs we need to meetn, and I would say probably three important things came up. 1 is I think data centers have to work for the current customer base. Meaning that the customers -- our current customer base can't absorb any excess risk or long term have any significant stranded investment as a result of this opportunity. Second thing is no compromise and reliability. I think that's really important to all of our constituents and stakeholders and then for NiSource, it has to work for our shareholders. I mean, this is a big initiative, but if we're going to take risk, there has to be the appropriate amount of reward on the other side of that. So you think about all those things you said -- and we talked earlier, we have a real strong plan. We're gonna grow 6% to 8%. We've actually executed that growth over the past three years. So we feel good about the plan we have with our data centers. So anything else we do, has to be upside to that plan. So with all that being said, Shar, now we are in conversations with the various counterparties. I think we are really aligned on all the things that we kinda need to accomplish as a result of those conversations, as a result of trying to get various transactions out about data centers. I think as you start to look for EEI or later in the year, we'll put out a lot more clarity about what that looks like.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. Thanks, Lloyd. That that that last part was important. Appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nicholas Campanella from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, good morning. Thanks for all the updates. So, appreciate the comment on 2024 guidance tracking to the high-end of the range. Just acknowledging Shawn's comments about the visibility into fiscal 2025, the fact that load is already trending 5% in this quarter alone and then you have more capital coming into the plan. As we kind of extrapolate our models out to 25%, 26%, just what are the offsets that are keeping you at 7% growth like the midpoint of that year-over-year 6% to 8% range or could you be higher? Could you just kind of expand on how we should be thinking about this? Thanks.
Lloyd Yates: Why don't you take that one?
Shawn Anderson: Yes, sure, Nick. Thanks. Good morning. So obviously the headwinds that we always face, a volatile capital markets environment which we're all experiencing right now brings uncertainty around financing and the costs associated with financing. So always a concern for us. Obviously regulatory outcomes and making sure that we're pathing these investments in line with our stakeholders and keeping customer affordability in mind is always top of mind in terms of how we will be able to execute the sequencing of these programs. As you said, one of the things that de-risks the execution of this plan is growth in our customer count, volumes and helping to spread some of those costs across a larger base. So right now experiencing some tailwinds, but hopefully the economy continues on the path we're on. That's helping to enable that growth and we'd love to see that play forward. We don't project that growth to always continue, so it ends up providing a bit of a tailwind when it does continue to stick and move itself through the plan. Those are the major drivers of uncertainty. I would say we are still financing a lot of overall CapEx especially when we think about the full ownership opportunity of projects at NIPSCO and a lot of that financing will occur in 2025 and we'll need to be thoughtful about making sure we do that commensurate with the returns that would be required to get us into that 6% to 8% annual year over year growth rate.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. Great. And then just, on bill growth specifically, because I know you're keeping affordability in mind here. The current plan targets, I think, 4% or less through 2028. When you factor in the NIPSCO load projections that of talked about the 11% and then the capital plan refresh, What's the outlook for bill growth?
Lloyd Yates: Well, we haven't actually run those analyses just yet as we haven't incorporated the load growth associated with data centers into any of the financial plans. We're still thinking thoughtfully about how that will be reflected in ramp on the customer side for these data centers will matter greatly into the timing of when we would need to incur CapEx or when the systems would come online in the first instance. So we haven't actually run that, but when we talk about that customer affordability, we're focused on the residential customer path and we're focused on keeping residential customer bills at or below that 4%. We think that data centers can provide a bit of an upside to the way that our current plan is built in that there'll be a sharing of system cost in some level for us to be able to support data centers as they come online, but we haven't quantified what that looks like.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. No problem. And then I guess just one last one for me on the financing side. As we kind of think about wrapping an additional capital, is there a certain percentage of every dollar of CapEx that you would need additional equity? I know you mentioned modest ATM increases here, as you wrap an additional capital, but just wanted to check on that. Thank you.
Shawn Anderson: Yeah. Great question. No. There's no rule of thumb here simply because the cash flow profile for each project, really warrants how it would be financed, how much FFO can come off of any given project varies, especially when you think about when the opportunity could be something that has direct flow through at a higher rate than a regulated return just in the form of economic development compared to what we would have to put in to hook on those new customers. That's just an example of where you might be able to get a higher FFO relative to the way the rest of the base plan is financed. Another example would be the tax profile associated with solar, which has created some tailwinds for us. So we need to look at the projects before we can get to the financing and how it would impact equity. It also matters where we're at within the range in any given year of the 14% to 16%. So, our commitment is to be thoughtful about the financing and to focus on the lowest cost of capital we can achieve while maintaining our commitment to 14 to 16% of all years of the plan.
Nicholas Campanella: Alright. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Good morning, team. How you guys doing?
Lloyd Yates: Good morning, Julien. Welcome back.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you so much. Appreciate it, guys. Good to chat. Maybe picking up where Nick left off. I mean, you guys, obviously, very keenly focused on bill affordability for your customers, rightly so. Can you talk a little bit about how you think about industrial tariffs for this emerging customer class? I think you guys have been pretty innovative in the past in tackling these kinds of issues with your industrial customer class in previous years. So could this be part of like a subsequent rate case coming up here? Or how would you think about trying to preserve the bill integrity and inflation trajectory for the core customers while enabling and ensuring that these new customers, pay their fair share, if you will. Just curious on when and how they'll, click this about.
Lloyd Yates: Michael?
Michael Luhrs: Thank you, Julien. So yes, as Lloyd mentioned early on in his comments, the customer protection piece is a critical component associated with it. So we are working through the mechanisms associated with tariffs and other regulatory components that would enable that and be able to do that. To one, be able to provide the customer protections, be able to provide the appropriate allocation of the system associated with it, be able to help ensure the reliability due to the large loads that they that come in with data centers and the high load factors. We are looking at ways to help make sure that we're doing that in a timely and an effective manner to be able to help accomplish the timelines that data centers want associated with their activities. So we wanna be very customer centric on that, but at the same time, as you mentioned, we have found innovative ways to do that in the past, and we continue to look at those innovative ways moving forward and we will bring those support both in the current activities and in future regulatory filings.
Lloyd Yates: And just to add a little bit to that, we're not sure whether or not this is something that we do in a rate case through the regulatory process or through the legislature process. So we're still evaluating those things.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And then related I mean, it goes back to what Nick was asking a little bit. Right? You've got this CapEx budget at NIPSCO roughly $2 billion, $2.5 billion here in the near term. The later years drop off a little bit. How do you think about the affordability question and the ability to raise CapEx? Said differently, to the extent to which that you see opportunities emerge, could there be some element of deferral through the years? I get that there is sort of a step function lower in 26% as presented, but still given the 4% is there sort of a need to defer some CapEx potentially within the NIPSCO construct here?
Shawn Anderson: Appreciate that question. Yeah. No. I see where you're going with that. I do think there's some offsets to that. Right? We do see some O&M tailwinds that can come back to help moderate the bill impact associated with the infrastructure investments. Most notably, there's much lower commodity prices as we move to a platform of 70%, if you will, renewables, which helps stabilize some aspect of the bill for customers. I think as we shut down our coal plants, we have two more units next year that will shut down. That that presents an opportunity for lower O&M to flow back to customers. Project Apollo also continues to progress for us, it is achieving great results, that's helping us stabilize overall O&M and while we target that flat O&M on an absolute basis, we have the potential to see higher O&M savings if you will and associated with something like the Shaffer shutdown. It could be more specific in Indiana to the electric company in those circumstances. So we're thoughtful about it. I think there's opportunities for us to look across the system to grow and the faster we can grow, obviously the more we can bring down the cost of that flat O&M on a per customer basis across the broader network, and that scale across NiSource is something that becomes attractive for all customers and specifically customers in Indiana, which then benefits from the growth that we're seeing in a state like Ohio or Virginia, which is growing on the gas side and bringing down the cost on a per customer basis in Indiana.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you guys.s
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team. Good morning. Congrats on a solid quarter here. I just had one question and that is, related to the Pennsylvania rate case, Melody, thanks for all the color you shared upfront. Maybe just a lot of focus -- investor focus on the state, your peer water utility got a decision where ROE was substantially lower than their previous decision. Just wondering if you could share more color on how things are going there, potential for a settlement and then how does that timeline look like? Thank you.
Melody Birmingham: Yes. Thank you for the question. We do monitor what is taking place within each of our states with the utilities and we understand some of the outcomes or the outcomes with the water utility. As far as our rate case, we are continuing to meet with the stakeholders, all of our interveners, and we are working towards settlement discussion. We don't know if there will be a settlement, but our teams always try to work towards the win-win outcomes for our customers as well as our stakeholders. So at this point, we continue in those discussions and we will determine if a settlement is possible.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. That's, really all I had. Thanks again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Sunderland from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Richard Sunderland: Hi, good morning. Thinking about the large power opportunity through another lens, what type of load growth could you see through Blackstone investment given the partnership at NIPSCO?
Lloyd Yates: Michael, why don't you take that one?
Michael Luhrs: So what I would say is we continue to look at economic development opportunities across our regions, and when we look at those investments and opportunities, obviously our partners are able to share that within the NIPSCO region associated with it, but really, it's the collaboration that we have with our communities, that we have associated with our states, with our governmental entities and bringing in that economic development that lead to that investment. Maybe the one thing I would point to relative to potential is as we're going through the current IRP process and working with the different stakeholders on that and walking that through, we have shown in our reference case an incremental 2,600 megawatts of potential as we look through to 2035 associated with that, and we are running through those scenarios and cases now, but that would represent basically 100% increase to our peak load of the system. So I think that gives a perspective relative to the potential with it. And in that potential is obviously the opportunity for our partners to be able to share in that upside.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. Thanks. That's helpful commentary. And then similarly, given the Indiana data center tailwinds across the state and your commentary on reliability, do you see any potential for utilities to partner up on generation to upsize new plants? How do you think the state overall might think about ensuring supply to meet new load?
Lloyd Yates: This is Lloyd. We do see it as an opportunity. You know? We work with our peer utilities and also with MISO. We think there's a significant opportunity for efficiencies between the various utilities and I think what also make the interconnection agreements on transmission a little bit easier.
Richard Sunderland: Great. That's all for me. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. Hey, good morning. Just, you mentioned this agreement to supply gas to a data center. Could you give a little more color on that? Is that for backup power or is that actually the core power of the data center? Just maybe a little more color on that and whether there might be more of those?
Lloyd Yates: Digital Dallas. Melody, why don't you take that one?
Melody Birmingham: Yes. For Digital Dallas in Virginia, that's to provide power to the center directly.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. So there so basically, it's being fueled by gas fire power, and are you seeing more of that happening for your gas business too?
Lloyd Yates: Yeah. So we don't we don't talk a lot about that, Steve, but one of the opportunities we have, especially in Ohio and Virginia, is the opportunity to build more gas infrastructure to support data centers. So more gas infrastructure going to generators, provide energy to data centers. You know, building a gas pipeline for us is another opportunity that doesn't show up on our CapEx plan right now. Like, Digital Dallas was not in our CapEx plan.
Steve Fleishman: Got it. Okay. And maybe just a minute, I know you did this as part of the discussion at the commission, but remind us a little more of the color between the 2.6 gigawatts, the 8.6 gigawatts and I think it was a number of like 30 gigawatts and like how are you defining what these different cases are?
Lloyd Yates: Michael?
Michael Luhrs: So when you look at the IRP, basically what you see is our peak load right now is roughly about 2300 megawatts associated with it. The 2600 megawatts that you're seeing was included in the reference case and the reason that was included in the reference case is because as we're working through with multiple counterparties associated with their interests within the state, we feel like that is a reasonable expectation relative to qualified counterparties and potential, which we wanna reflect in our scenarios. Above that, we also then have another 6 gigawatts above that that would be included in scenarios based on not only the potential for data centers that we've seen in interest within the areas, but also what we're seeing in additional economic development and growth just from baseload capabilities, what we're seeing being on shoring, what that continues to be developed within our system. So we will run through that reference case, we will run through that scenario case associated with it, and then we will do on top of that, honestly, additional scenarios that allow us to look at different potential outcomes, but the big chunks are that base, where we are today, 2300 megawatts, 2600 megawatts added to it, and then a 6000 on top.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And just high level, do we think about I mean, I think about the territory there is just historically the very heavy industry have been there in the past and probably a lot of that shot over time. So is there like a lot of excess transmission and sites related to that, that just make it particularly you know, kind of good spot on top of the taxes and all the other stuff? Is that part of it?
Michael Luhrs: So, Steve, this is Michael. I'll hit that one as well. When you look at that Indiana territory, Lloyd hit on many of the attributes, but, yes, I would say when you look at the combination of the, how it's near to large areas such as Chicago and others that have great fiber runs, you look at our transmission capacity and infrastructure through that part of the territory, it has very strong characteristics associated with it. We have multiple sites that have 345 kV lines running through them and multiple 345 kV lines, so there's good transmission capacity and opportunity. In addition, you add on top of that, there's accessibility of land as well as water, roads. All those are positive characteristics, but then I would say one of the most beneficial is how the state, the governmental, the economic development activities of those bodies is helping to facilitate the opportunities in the state as well relative to the diversification of tax base load, etc.
Steve Fleishman: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont from Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead.
Paul Fremont: Thank you very much. When I look at the, $500 million junior subordinated debt that you issued in May, that that should have 50% equity credit. So that's roughly $250 million of equity. Is that included in the $600 million that you sort of identify as part of your ATM, or should we think of that as incremental to the 600?
Shawn Anderson: Thanks, Paul. This is Shawn. I would think about that as incremental to the 600 million. We're still expecting to issue up to $600 million of ATM equity in 2024 and continue to maintain that balance sheet with $200 million to $300 million of ATM equity for each year of the plan thereafter. The use of the junior subordinated notes for us is a diversifier that helps us raise credit quality, potentially giving us even more cushion relative to the downgrade threshold of 13%. It also helps us manage the overall maturity curve that we have long term on the debt profile of the business.
Paul Fremont: So in in terms of upsizing then sort of the equity this year, is it just to sort of increase the level of cushion or was there something that changed sort of in the capital spending profile, that caused you to increase your amount of equity?
Shawn Anderson: Yeah. It's a great question. I think it's really more to enhance the cushion that we have in the current year. We've also seen other headwinds come through our plan such as weather, lower receipts, cash receipts coming from warmer than usual weather in the first quarter as an example and you still need to incorporate that into the overall FFO-to-debt that the rating agencies are asking us to maintain. So it gave us an opportunity to look across the curve and find a different way for us to source that equity content without having to go to a traditional equity marketplace.
Paul Fremont: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And that does conclude the question and answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to mister Lloyd Yates, CEO and president, for closing remarks.
Lloyd Yates: So thank you for your questions. We're excited about the opportunity with NIPSCO. Thank you for your interest and look forward to seeing you guys next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. [Operator Closing Remarks].

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-08 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Q1 2024 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 I'd now like to turn the call over to Chris Turnure, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Christopher Turnure: Good morning, and welcome to the NiSource First Quarter 2024 Investor Call. Joining me today are President and Chief Executive Officer, Lloyd Yates; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Shawn Anderson; Executive Vice President of Strategy and Risk and Chief Commercial Officer, Michael Luhrs; and Executive Vice President and Group President, NiSource Utilities, Melody Birmingham. 
 The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource's financial performance for the first quarter of 2024 as well as provide an update on our operations and growth drivers. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call to your questions. Slides for today's call are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. 
 We would like to remind you that some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the Risk Factors and MD&A sections of our periodic SEC filings. 
 Additionally, some of the statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP measures. Please refer to the supplemental slides, segment information and full financial schedules for information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and reconciliation of these measures. 
 I'd now like to turn the call over to Lloyd. 
Lloyd Yates: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 3. The NiSource investment thesis is simple. We serve our customers by delivering safe and reliable energy at an affordable price. Affordable energy delivery requires deployment of capital and operating assets efficiently. It requires operating in jurisdictions which have constructive regulatory mechanisms. The byproduct of these fundamentals generates competitive regulated returns for our shareholders while maintaining and improving our balance sheet position. Capital deployment comes from a $16.4 billion base CapEx plan projected over the next 5 years, plus over $1.5 billion in upside projects as well as substantial opportunity for investment beyond 2028. 
 The stable public policy and ratemaking in our states across multiple election and regulatory appointment cycles has been crucial to efficient capital allocation and recovery to support our communities. Our balance sheet is derisked and more flexible than ever before and enables industry-leading sustainable organic investment. As part of this flexibility, we are more disciplined and return-focused with our internal allocation decisions whenever. We recognize the competitive environment for capital and we do not take your investment for granted. 
 Our total year-end 2023 rate base was $18.8 billion, consisting of $9 billion in Indiana, $4 billion in Ohio, $3 billion in Pennsylvania and over $1 billion in Virginia. Our nearly 4 million customers contribute to gross domestic product of over $3.8 trillion across our 6 states of operation or approximately 14% of U.S. GDP. We expect our system to see substantial low growth over the next 5 years due to data centers and reshoring of manufacturing. Northern Indiana offers constructive fundamentals for data center development through robust electric transmission, overall energy system capacity, plentiful land, limited physical disaster risk, tax incentives and a pro-business policy environment. During the last 5 years, NIPSCO and the Columbia gas family of companies have contributed over $1.4 billion in property taxes in their local communities. This funding goes to schools, parks, roads, emergency and other essential services and keeps our communities moving in the right direction. 
 Each and every day of the year, we provide safe, reliable, sustainable and cost-effective service for our customers. Slide 4 shows our key priorities. Today, we reported first quarter 2024 adjusted EPS of $0.85, 10% above the $0.77 reported 1 year ago. We are reaffirming 2024 adjusted EPS guidance of $1.70 to $1.74. We are also reaffirming annual 2023 to 2028 guidance for adjusted EPS of 6% to 8% and rate base of 8% to 10%. We continue to target FFO to debt of 14% to 16% in all years of the client. Our superior regulatory and stakeholder foundation is differentiated. We have a long history of working collaboratively to deliver value across diverse constituencies. The most recent example is our NIPSCO Gas general rate case settlement announced in March. Late in the quarter, we also filed CPCN amendments for full ownership of the Fairbanks and Gibson Solar Projects. This follows CPCN amendment approvals from the IURC for Cavalry and Dunns Bridge II in January. 
 Our intention has been to layer projects into our base plan during the course of the year. Consistent with our pending request at the IURC, today, I am pleased to announce we are adding full ownership of the Fairbanks and Gibson projects to our base capital plan. This incremental NiSource investment simplifies the project structure and reduces cost to customers when compared to the prior tax equity configuration. Reliability and efficiency remain core elements of our operational excellence culture as seen on Slide 5. In 2022, we began the process of upgrading outdated technology that, in some cases, predated the Columbia Gas merger in 2000.
 Our multiyear technology investment initiative is continuing to take shape with work and asset management programs addressing the scheduling dispatch and execution of work and the management of underlying assets, an upfront investment can drive decades of both reliability improvement and cost savings for customers. In March, NIPSCO requested a regulatory deferral mechanism for these investments, seeking to align ratemaking with long-term customer value realization. Amid increasing weather extremes and natural disaster frequency throughout the country, customers are benefiting from energy resiliency more than ever. NiSource delivered this through multiple channels with both major gas and electric systems.
 Our electric generation mix includes renewables and on-demand natural gas, balancing intermittency and fuel price volatility risk. Meanwhile, our gas system is insulated from harsh weather and can deliver dependable energy for our customers and even the most extreme conditions. I want to wrap up my comments by acknowledging each of our over 11,000 employees and contractors. Without their tireless effort on behalf of our customers, none of this work will be possible. 
 I'll now turn things over to Melody. 
Melody Birmingham: *Thank you, Lloyd. I'd like to turn to Slide 6 to give you an overview of NiSource's safety journey since 2017. We often get asked by investors new to the company for a picture of specific risk mitigation metrics over time. I'll begin by saying that the magnitude of change at the company over the last 6 years cannot be overstated. Our centralized operations team has implemented both engineering design and process-based solutions to improve our gas system safety. 
 Our system management system -- our safety management system was recently reconfirmed for American Petroleum Institute recommended Practice 1173, making NiSource one of only two utilities in the world to maintain this designation. We also completed a conformance assessment and are pursuing certification for standard 55001, an International Organization for Standardization, or ISO. This validates advancement in our asset management practice maturity and illustrates our commitment to optimizing value through a balance of risk, asset performance and costs.
 Our gas assets now have automatic shutoff valves and remote pressure monitoring on 100% of low-pressure systems. Isometric drawings provide 3D renderings of all our regulating stations. We have 36% fewer miles of pipe designated as priority compared to year ending 2017. 51% of our 55,000 mile system has been surveyed with advanced mobile leak detection vehicles. 98% of our gas service lines are mapped as of the year-end 2023, which is up from only 4% 6 years ago. These tangible verified metrics are only a part of our story. Leading-edge safety management is fueled by culture and it's critical to any safety work environment.  
 Every day, our NiSource team lives the Core 4 through employee certification and training, knowledge transfer, technology utilization and community engagement. Let's move to Slide 7, where you'll see a timeline of our regulatory activity. As we've said previously, our 5-year financial plan does not include extensive regulatory stay-out period. We've had the ability to employ capital trackers and/or forward-looking rate case test years on the majority of our capital expenditures. Columbia Gas of Ohio recently filed its annual infrastructure replacement program, or IRP tracker for $231 million of capital investment with a requested effective date this month. 
 In March, NIPSCO's gas settlement was the result of the rigorous rate case process in Indiana and involved a highly engaged stakeholder group of intervenors working with our team and all parties, either signing or not opposing the agreement. A final order is expected in the third quarter of this year. We kicked off our triennial Integrated Resource Plan or IRP process in April with the first of five stakeholder meetings planned for this year. Throughout the process, all interested parties will provide extensive information on low requirements and generation planning for the report's 20-year time horizon.   
 These are just some examples of our commitment to proactive engagement with our stakeholders. We have a high degree of confidence in the value of our investments for our communities and we work regularly to ensure that there are no surprises during the regulatory cycle. Economic development continues to be a competitive advantage for our service territories. One in particular, a project Virginia-based Northrop Grumman broke ground earlier this year on a $200 million advanced electronics manufacturing and testing facility in the town of Waynesboro. This growing customer base here and throughout are NiSource service areas requires new gas infrastructure but also makes the entire system more economic for all of our customers. Across the NiSource footprint, we have invested more than $1.7 billion of capital expenditures over the 12-month period ending in March. During the same time period, residential gas customer bills actually decreased by 15%.  
 With that, let me turn it over now to Shawn to review our capital projects and financial results. 
Shawn Anderson: Thanks, Melody. Let's begin on Slide 8. We are steadfast in our commitment to deliver safe and reliable energy to our customers at an affordable price. Growing our investment opportunity is a crucial element to this, and our base capital plan is now comprised of a portfolio of projects projected at $16.4 billion through 2028.  The plan is driven by programmatic and enduring investments necessary to maintain safe, reliable and sustainable energy infrastructure that our customers deserve.
 These investments are diversified across renewable electricity, gas and electric customer growth, distribution modernization and system hardening for both the electric and gas businesses. Importantly, there is limited large individual project execution risk in our plan. Moving ahead to Slide 9, I'd like to provide an update on our renewable development program. The table shows base plan amounts, and reflects incremental CapEx from the full ownership of the Fairbanks and Gibson solar projects, which Lloyd just highlighted. By displacing tax equity investor capital and removing the associated joint venture structure, we are able to reduce customer bills relative to our prior plan and be more resilient in our operations over the energy generated for our customers. 
 In the aggregate, our billions of dollars of renewable generation investments negotiated since 2019 remains significantly cheaper and lower risk for our customers compared to the alternative status quo scenario across their useful life. NIPSCO's final coal retirements continue to project to conclude by 2028. And in each of the remaining 4 owned and 4 PPA renewable projects remain on schedule for in-service. On Slide 10, you'll see an overview of additional investment opportunities. 
 We continue to identify capital investment opportunities to enhance service for our communities beyond the capital projected in the base plan. Generation investments, gas distribution and transmission system modernization, Advanced metering and renewable natural gas investments all represent potential upside investments compared to our current base plan. The long-term plan does not currently include any data center load growth assumptions or significant infrastructure investments and upgrades. 
 However, we are receiving robust inquiries from potential customers looking to invest in our Northern Indiana electric service territory due to the attractive business climate we know and appreciate in Indiana. We are focused on developing accretive projects across all utility companies to support our stakeholders and we intend to move projects from the upside category into our base capital plan as they meet our threshold of stakeholder alignment and execution visibility just as we've done this quarter. As Melody highlighted, NIPSCO has commenced its triennial electric integrated resource planning process.
 The process will provide a point of view on generation and capacity required to serve customers beyond the retirement of our last existing coal units by 2028. It builds on generation already included in our 5-year base capital plan and will analyze energy demand projected across the next 2 decades associated with economic development including potential data center development, electrification, electric vehicle utilization as well as incorporating changing policy and resource adequacy requirements. The process will conclude with a filing at the IURC this fall. 
 We'll focus next on Slide 11. And I'd like to point out 2 changes to our financial disclosures this quarter. First, with the completion of the NIPSCO minority interest transaction, we have realigned segments to reflect the new ownership structure; second, to simplify presentation and better align our performance metrics with peer companies, we are changing the name of our primary financial metric to adjusted EPS from net operating earnings per share, as previously referenced.  
 This refers to non-GAAP fully diluted earnings per share, and there are no changes to the underlying calculation of this metric. First quarter adjusted EPS was $0.85, a 10% increase over the $0.77 reported last year. Positive results from regulatory activity and other income were partly offset by higher O&M and depreciation. Normalized customer usage drove an $8 million and $4 million pretax benefit at the Columbia and NIPSCO segments, respectively.
 Interest expense and preferred interest netted to roughly no change following the NIPSCO minority interest transaction and the redemption of the last tranche of our preferred equity securities issued in 2018. For years, NiSource has adjusted GAAP net income and EPS to present a weather-adjusted figure for our investors to project comparable performance periods. While following the mild weather experienced this quarter, I also want to remind you of the underlying regulatory mechanisms insulating both shareholder cash flow and customer bill volatility.  
 All of our gas jurisdictions will have weather decoupling mechanisms should our gas settlement be approved later this year. The mechanisms apply to select customer classes and a range from a full decoupling to partial decoupling and provide more stable customer bills and cash receipts in volatile weather periods. Our long-term financial guidance commitments are shown on Slide 12. As Lloyd mentioned, we are reaffirming the current guidance of $1.70 to $1.74 in adjusted EPS for 2024. All of our 5-year commitments are reaffirmed today as well.  
 This includes the year-over-year adjusted EPS growth rate delivered at 6% to 8% annually off of the achieved results in 2024. We remain confident in achieving our 2024 guidance and our long-term growth rate in all remaining years of the plan. Increased visibility of the return of capital through highly constructive regulatory mechanisms, enhanced visibility into the financial results for 2025 and beyond. Our internal forecasts incorporate continued use of long-established capital trackers in nearly all our jurisdictions, and are based on what we believe are realistic regulatory outcomes.
 O&M discipline also remains a key assumption and a flexible part of achieving our 5-year commitments. Our cost of capital assumptions are resilient and reflect the rate environment from third quarter 2023. And most importantly, we're still able to deliver our $16.4 billion base investment plan to customers while keeping average annual residential total build growth at or below 4% during the 5-year period. 
 Stable and low commodity prices available in our region support our unwavering focus on customer value, allowing us to maintain this commitment. Slide 13 details our financing plan. We are reaffirming our 14% to 16% FFO to debt in all years of the plan. In March, S&P completed their annual review with no change to our BBB+ rating and stable outlook. Our expected equity issuances for 2024 are on track to be completed by year-end through the use of our ATM with approximately 1/3 executed to date, and we continue to have the option to use a forward structure to align proceeds with our flow of work, a flexible financing plan such as utilizing our ATM, the NIPSCO minority interest transaction, potential use of hybrid securities and senior unsecured debt are examples of our plan's diverse funding sources and balance sheet flexibility, enabling us to navigate the balance between growth and credit quality. 
 The figures shown on this page support our base capital plan, including the additions Lloyd mentioned earlier, the full ownership capital investments of the Fairbanks and Gibson projects substitutes in tax transferability from tax equity funding. Credit agency treatment of upfront cash supports FFO to debt compared to traditional capital expenditures. Despite the addition of $400 million of investment to our plan, our equity needs through this 5-year period remain unchanged due to the positive cash flow attributes of this substitute.
 I'd like to conclude by highlighting another quarter of meeting our commitments on Slide 14. Our financial commitments are resilient over the 5-year period through 2028, and our first quarter results keep us on track to meet our previously increased 2024 EPS guidance. The NIPSCO gas settlement and continued employment of capital trackers underscore our superior regulatory and stakeholder foundation, increasing investment in our base capital expenditure plan without modifying the need for external equity demonstrates our balance sheet flexibility.
 And finally, our revised base and upside CapEx figures demonstrate the programmatic and enduring nature of our plan. The value proposition NiSource continues to offer investors is a diversified and fully regulated utility with the opportunity to invest in both programmatic gas infrastructure and the long-term energy transition story for a fully integrated electric business. While this fundamental has previously been the case, the emerging opportunity to support unprecedented energy development and power demand resulting from robust economic development, onshoring as well as new data center development truly differentiates the value proposition relative to many alternatives in the marketplace today. 
 And now I'd like to turn the call back to the operator for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Constantine Lednev. 
Shahriar Pourreza: It's Shahriar for Constantine. Let me just on the data center side. I mean, obviously, we've all seen kind of media reports of kind of maybe just sizable data centers coming to Indiana, including Amazon, right? I guess can you maybe talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of that potential demand and what it means to the overall plan. I guess, can you be a little bit more specific on when it can hit the plan?
 And when it obviously more important, this whole topic of rate design as you guys are attracting data centers or also trying to protect, I guess, that residential customer base. How are you thinking about rate design and maybe special tariffs for these hyperscalers? As you're in discussions, I mean, would you need to file updated proceedings in order to get the rates? 
Lloyd Yates: So I think as I said in some of my remarks, I think Shawn also repeated it. When you think about the NIPSCO system in Northern Indiana, and we have a number of fundamentals, one, a very robust transmission system, plentiful land, a lot of farmland there, available energy capacity. Great energy policy, really enhance a really positive place to do business. I mean you start to realize a region is right for data center development. And because of that, we are in the midst and have been midst of discussions with several data center developers, and we're really optimistic about the opportunity to grow our load with respect to data centers.
 I think you said something really important and that is -- I think we're working hard on how we're evaluating ways to structure the opportunity so that it benefits all stakeholders. That includes our customers, our shareholders and the communities we serve. So I know I'm not directly answering your question because we don't have real specifics. We like to have detail and have quantifiable detail before we put them into our IRP and our load growth projections. And we're still working on those things, although we are very optimistic about our ability to develop data centers in the NIPSCO  service territory. 
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect. I appreciate that, Lloyd. And then just lastly here, I know you've mentioned before you ensure that you could ramp up the ATM to cover sort of any incremental equity needs from upside CapEx that's being shifted over to the plan, right? I guess for the remaining $1.6 billion of upside capital, what could sort of be -- what could be next in terms of projects that move into that base plan from there? And then just more importantly, how do we think about the funding source for that? 
Lloyd Yates: So I'll ask Shawn handle that. Maybe Michael will help him. 
Shawn Anderson: Yes. So Shar, first and foremost, I think your question on what are the types of projects, the upside CapEx plan. So still have some electric generation projects in our upside plan based on the results of the 2021 IRP. So we'll watch the 2024 IRP process to understand how these upside projects might fit in our investment timelines. I think gas infrastructure work around PHMSA requirements and some of the additional projects stand out to us are compelling, particularly based on compliance requirements, but we need to watch and see how that plays itself out from a rule-making standpoint.
 Likewise, electric T&D has several projects, which could create upside to the plan, both as we think about MISO Tranche 1 and maybe as we start to approach the next decade Tranche 2. But grid modernization and system hardening is still important work for us to deliver reliable service. And then to Lloyd's point, I mean, we added the economic development and data center and technology innovation support the energy infrastructure to deliver that to Slide 10 as we start to think about the formulation of our upside plan. We think there's a lot of work there, but economic development is challenging. It requires alignment for many different stakeholders, but it can make a big splash for our communities, just like the Intel project did in Central Ohio. 
 So it's entirely possible that these -- the portfolio of these projects develop and could do so quickly. But we don't put those into the base plan as Lloyd said until we're highly certain that these are projects that can deliver value. And then in terms of financing for these projects, we'll evaluate this as it arises. Part of the criteria for investing in these upside projects is seeking accretive projects to help NiSource and our communities grow. We believe the portfolio of projects that we've identified will help us do just that. And in many cases, we think the financing required will be fairly efficient because of the profile of these projects. Fortunately, we operate in constructive regulatory jurisdictions with efficient regulatory mechanisms, which balance the value creation for customers and shareholders. But we're a fully regulated business and committed to balancing our capital structure to ensure the credit quality that we've been able to obtain here, and we'll be committed to do so. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of JPMorgan Chase. 
Richard Sunderland: Picking up the data center question again, just curious if you see the IRP, the '24 IRP to be specific, as the best look over the next, say, 12 months on how that might layer in incrementally to your current plan? Or do you see things still evolving, I guess, either faster or slower than that process? 
Lloyd Yates: So I think it could be a combination of both, but things could definitely evolve faster than the IRP process in Indiana. I think just like all the other companies across the industry, the data center developers are talking to a lot of people. I think that they are looking for utilities or energy companies that can move quickly. We want to be one of those. And I think that process may develop or could or probably will develop faster than the IRP process. 
Richard Sunderland: Got it. Very helpful color there. And then just a few regulatory items, Pennsylvania rate case. Anything you can speak to on kind of stakeholder engagement there, how the process has been running so far and how you feel about kind of catalysts over the back half of the year with regards to those case milestones, maybe prospects for settlement? And then separately, the NIPSCO deferral, you referenced, kind of any timeline to think about on getting an approval there? And does that have any financial impacts to the plan that we should think about? 
Lloyd Yates: I will pass it to Melody who heads up our regulatory utilities. 
Melody Birmingham: Yes. Can you hear me okay? 
Richard Sunderland: Yes, we hear you. 
Melody Birmingham: Okay. Very good. As far as the Pennsylvania rate case, which you -- that we filed March 15, it's coming along well, our team continues to engage with our stakeholders there in Pennsylvania. This is not the first time, just so you know, when we have a rate case that we began to have discussions with the stakeholders or to understand what intervenors are wanting or expecting from us. So it's an ongoing dialogue that the team and Pennsylvania has throughout the year up until the time that we file.  We -- with all cases, they're uncertain, but we do work to stay as aligned as possible with the stakeholders to mitigate any surprises. So I would say it's going as well as we expect at this point. And then your next question? 
Richard Sunderland: The NIPSCO deferral. Just overall timing to get an outcome there? And is that something that we should think about having a financial impact or rate case timing impact or anything else? 
Lloyd Yates: So it should not have an impact on the rate case. We still expect to get an order on the NIPSCO gas rate case sometime this summer. And because of the deferral mechanism, it should not have a negative impact on our financials. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Miller Travis. 
Travis Miller: This is Travis Miller. On the $1.6 billion of upside, the slide there, some of those gas-related upside numbers. Can you talk about what jurisdictions have the most upside? And again, I realize there's a scale difference here, but just maybe on a percentage basis, which of those gas jurisdictions do you think could check a lot of the boxes here in terms of the upside? 
Lloyd Yates: I mean I think the way to think about it is to think about the size of our jurisdictions, right? So you think about Ohio, Indiana and then Pennsylvania will have the broadest impact in terms of capital investment from those rules of that $1.6 billion. 
Travis Miller: On a scale basis, would -- are there other opportunities in the smaller one... 
Lloyd Yates: There are. You asked the biggest impact. I think there are opportunities in all of those jurisdictions for capital investment as a result of the new rules. But again, it will be, I'd say, allocated to be a size of the jurisdiction is the way to think about that. Michael, do you want to add anything to that? 
Michael Luhrs: Yes. The only thing I would add to that is when we look across all of our territories, that's one of the benefits of having sort of the diversified territories and what we have in our current capabilities. And so you can take things such as in Virginia, there is very constructive legislation around biofuels that allow us to look at those opportunities. 
 If you look at many of our others, we have multiple opportunities, whether that be through what's already been mentioned in the economic development side or AMI transitions associated with it or some of the opportunities when we're looking at what we're going to have to do associated with just hardening in the electric liability that Shawn mentioned earlier. Quite frankly, there's a pretty strong pipeline of opportunities for that $1.6 billion upside. And just as we've done previously,  as you've seen with some of the full ownership on the projects as we work through those methodically, we will bring those into the plan and make sure that we announce them once we have that level of confidence, as Lloyd mentioned. 
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Maybe one last point here, this is Shawn. The stakeholder alignment is critical, and so the timing to implement the rules will matter as you think about our current CapEx plan, '23 to '28. So we'll need to pace that through. So what you'll see if it moves from the upside plan to the base plan will be actionable projects within the context of the timing of this CapEx plan. But those rules could extend the amount of work into the early 2030s. And so how we segment that along the actual jurisdictions that Michael just referenced will be dictated a lot by our stakeholder engagement and the pacing set forth by themselves. 
Travis Miller: Perfect. That's really helpful. And then one other, obviously, the hot topic of the data center. But if you think about your mix of business in terms of gas and electric, how much upside or available upside at least is manufacturing, which you mentioned versus data centers? 
Lloyd Yates: Yes. So I'd say some -- I mean, I think you started thinking about the economic development in Ohio, in Indiana outside of data centers is really strong. You think about reshore and you think about the Intel project just here in Columbus, you think of some of the battery, Stellantis in Indiana. I mean, reshoring or onshoring; however, you want to characterize that is, again, a great opportunity for us. We are strengthening our economic development pipeline getting more focused on that because there are more people interested in that. I mean, I think we have -- I mean the -- one of the strengths of the company is we did -- the jurisdictions we operate in, most if it, not all of our states, provide huge economic development incentives and people are very motivated to create manufacturing jobs where possible. That's the one thing no matter what your politics or everybody agrees on job creation and economic development and we're positioned very well to take advantage of those. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from UBS Securities. 
William Appicelli: It's Bill Appicelli from UBS. Just going back to the technology capital deferral mechanism. I guess how much capital could flow through that? And then just to clarify, that would be a deferral on D&A and O&M. 
Shawn Anderson: Yes, this is Shawn. I'll take that. The existing project cost allocation is set forth to be about $250 million across NiSource, but that splits itself to the allocation across their jurisdiction. So think about it around $150 million of capital that will flow through NIPSCO, both on the electric side and the gas side. And then -- yes, it covers the onetime O&M component of it and then some depreciation and amortization. 
William Appicelli: Okay. All right. Great. And then just going back to the PHMSA rules and maybe can you just share exactly what you need to see coming out of that final rule making to trigger some of the incremental capital opportunities? 
Lloyd Yates: Yes. I mean we are actively involved with federal government and I'll say the PHMSA rulemaking. As you probably know, PHMSA is about really grading leaks and repair timelines and leak detection methodologies. We think those rules will be finalized by the end of this -- by the end of 2024, so far and as we start to develop plans for compliance to those rules, you'll start to see us have input to our capital plan or additions to our capital plan to facilitate those rules by some time in the middle of the plan. So if you develop a compliance plan within 18 months. And in 36 months, you kind of have to roll into your capital plan. So we expect to see capital upside from the PHMSA rule sometime in the middle of the plan. 
William Appicelli: Okay. All right. And then lastly, and apologies if you said this earlier, but on the ATM issuance, can you just remind us how much you've done year-to-date? 
Shawn Anderson: We did approximately 1/3 on the ATM to date. 
Operator: Thank you. And I will now turn the call back over to management for closing remarks. 
Lloyd Yates: Again, thank you for participating in the phone call. We're optimistic about the NiSource plan. Appreciate the questions. Have a great day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to NiSource Company Conference Call. Participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. Please note that today’s call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I’d now like to introduce to the call Chris Turnure, Head of Investor Relations. You may now proceed. Thank you.
Chris Turnure: Good morning, and welcome to the NiSource Fourth Quarter 2023 Investor Call. Joining me today are President and Chief Executive Officer, Lloyd Yates; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Shawn Anderson; Executive Vice President of Strategy and Risk and Chief Commercial Officer, Michael Luhrs; and Executive Vice President and Group President, NiSource Utilities, Melody Birmingham. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource’s financial performance for the fourth quarter of 2023 as well as provide an update on our operations and growth drivers. Following prepared remarks, we’ll open the call to your questions. Slides for today’s call are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. We would like to remind you that some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the risk factors and MD&A sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some of the statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP measures. Please refer to the supplemental slides, segment information and full financial schedules for information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures. I’d now like to turn the call over to Lloyd.
Lloyd Yates: Thanks, Chris. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I’m excited to be with you this morning to share outstanding financial results and to discuss the advancement of key business initiatives, which are devoted and talented workforce delivered to support our customers, communities and our shareholders across all of 2023. We began the year with a premium business plan represented by the value proposition you see on Slide 3. The bottom line is the NiSource team delivered. You’ll notice successful execution of these key initiatives across the Board. Let me provide a few highlights, which fuel our resilient and sustaining business across all years of our plan. We executed our highest CapEx investment in 2023, exceeding our rate based investment goals. As of the year-end 2023, we had $18.8 billion of rate base. We continue to forecast $3.3 billion to $3.5 billion of capital expenditures in 2024 and $16 billion over our five-year financial plan through 2028. Year-over-year, NOEPS growth achieved 9% increase and achieved the highest end of our guidance range. We are acutely focused on smart capital deployment and maximizing risk adjusted returns and responsible rate-based investing through strong recovery mechanisms across our businesses. Project Apollo achieved this goal of over $50 million of cost savings initiatives. Perhaps more important than the amount of savings is the energy and support demonstrated by our people to build a continuous improvement mindset and enhance productivity by doing things safer, better, more efficiently and with less cost. These initiatives contributed greatly to a total shareholder return, which exceeded mid cap and large cap U.S. utility peers in 2023. For the three-year period, total shareholder return was 10.1% compound annual growth rate versus 5% per peers, which is reflective of our strong earnings per share execution and future growth prospects. We are confident our commitments are resilient to rapidly changing business conditions such as those seen by the utility industry over the last two years and which our financial results have delivered over this period. We continue building a track record of growth and execution, and our commitment to investors, customers, employees is central to everything we do. On Slide 4, you’ll see our key priorities. First, as you observed in our release, we delivered 2023 non-GAAP EP – NOEPS of $1.60 versus the upper half of $1.54 to $1.60 revised guidance range. This underscores our execution of resilient financial commitments and a business plan which anticipated the broader headwinds our customers and our sector are facing today. This result was achieved despite a $128 million increase in interest expense and without sacrificing our FFO to debt commitment. Built on the strength of our infrastructure investment programs, we are raising 2024 guidance to $1.70 to $1.74 from $1.68 to $.72, which we initiated in November. We continue to expect a 2023 through 2028 annual EPS growth rate of 6% to 8%, supported by 8% to 10% annual rate-based growth. The 2024 guidance range is refreshed reflective of the annual growth expected up our strong year-end 2023 financial results. Second, our superior regulatory and stakeholder foundation differentiates us from peers. NIPSCO received IURC approval of renewable CPCN amendment for several of our investments in January. Intervener testimony was also received last month for our NIPSCO gas rate case filed in October 2023. Third, our balance sheet flexibility allows us to optimize cost of capital for customers and ultimate return on capital for shareholders. A key focus for 2023 was the NIPSCO minority interest transaction with Blackstone Infrastructure Partners, which successfully closed in December. This transaction diversified capital fundraising for NiSource from public capital markets and creates a long-term partnership for years to come. Fourth, our company is experiencing a record investment cycle driven by safety, reliability, regulation, decarbonization and modernization. Slide 5 details our annual capital expenditures across our six state service territory. Our $16 billion five-year plan was introduced in November 2023, built on and extended our prior November 2022, $15 billion plan. It incorporates electric generation, transmission, gas modernization and economic development investments through 2028. The nature of our capital plan diversifies project risk, including our generation project investments, which lack the large project execution risk on the scale seen elsewhere in the industry in recent years. We intend to layer in projects from our $2 billion upside capital program as they meet our threshold for base plan execution. Key rate case and capital rider activity is shown on Slide 6. Our leading regulatory and stakeholder execution advances as we continue to work with stakeholders through rate case and tracker cycles to efficiently deploy capital investments and recover cost associated with these investments to drive value for customers, our communities and our shareholders. The strength of our company continues to be working constructively with stakeholders and communities to safely and reliably deliver the energy they deserve and to be there for our customers when they need energy most. Since our last update, our Virginia SAVE Rider was approved and implemented and our Kentucky SMRP Rider went into effect subject to refund, together covering over $100 million of capital investment made for our customers. Slide 7 shows how our operational excellence model is incorporated into decision making in all areas of the company. Last year, we significantly improved safety performance by delivering a 14% reduction in Days Away Restricted or Transferred or DART, and are on a path to achieving a goal of top decile performance. Additionally, we recorded a 16% reduction in Preventable Vehicle Collisions, or PVC. As I already mentioned, Project Apollo is generating enhanced productivity by doing things safer, better, more efficiently and with less costs. The improvements in our work plans and cost profiles are expected to continue and sustain this year after an implementation that exceeded expectations in 2023. I have provided you with specific examples of project initiatives in recent quarters, but want to highlight the underlying cultural change occurring throughout the company. The team continues to find new ways to improve every day and this will generate value for all our stakeholders for decades. I am impressed with the continuous improvement mindset fueling our organization and I am excited for our teams as we continue this journey. Before we advance the call, I want to close this section with the following. I couldn’t be more proud of our entire team and their devotion each and every day to support our nearly 4 million customers. With extreme cold weather across much of January, we delivered critical energy to keep our customers safe and warm. 2023 was a banner year for NiSource as the first full year of execution across our strategy shared in November 2022 and we deliver on all marks across the Board. This sets the foundation for continued growth in safety and reliability for our customers and value for our shareholders, which we strongly believe in. Michael and Shawn will dive into greater details on why 2023 was a successful year for our stakeholders, and also why 2024 and beyond will be even better. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Luhrs: Thank you, Lloyd. I’ll begin on Slide 8. NIPSCO’s generation transition remains on track, I believe support the retirement of two of the remaining three coal-fired generation units by the end of 2025 and the final unit by 2028. To this end, construction on our crossroads two wind PPA was completed at the end of 2023 and the facility is now producing sustainable zero fuel cost generation for NIPSCO’s Northern Indiana customers. In fact, customers are seeing the benefit of this generation as part of our renewable portfolio already receiving $18 million in renewable energy credits sold into the marketplace in 2023, lowering customers overall cost of energy. In November of 2023, NIPSCO received approval on a CPCN amendment converting Gibson from a PPA to a build-transfer agreement. Also, progress continues on Cavalry and Dunns Bridge II Solar facilities, and we expect both to be completed as planned later this year. In January, NIPSCO received approval from the IURC to own 100% of these two projects in lieu of owning them through tax equity joint ventures. Fully owning these projects will benefit customers by leveraging the tax credit transferability provisions of the IRA, NIPSCO will be able to monetize tax credits associated with the projects more efficiently than under tax equity agreements, resulting in comparatively lower energy costs for customers. We continue to evaluate the customer benefits of utilizing similar approaches for the Fairbanks and Gibson projects, which are in development. Though we have made significant advancements in our generation portfolio, we are looking forward to how we advance the portfolio in reliability, resiliency, customer benefits, and towards our goal of net zero by 2040. An important component of our generation portfolio planning process is NIPSCO’s Triennial Integrated Resource Plan, or IRP. The 2024 IRP will evaluate NIPSCO’s long-term generating capacity requirements and inform generation investment decisions beyond NIPSCO’s gas peaker project and the renewable projects already in development. The 2024 IRP will incorporate a number of scenarios and updates since the 2021 IRP, such as MISO seasonal construct and its proposed resource accreditation approach. The customer centric process will include a series of stakeholder meetings that will kick off in the spring and will culminate with the submissions of an integrated resource plan to the IURC in November. We look forward to working together with stakeholders to continue on our path to reliably serve and strengthen our communities. The IRP will build on our current generation portfolio, our build transfer agreements and PPA projects in development as outlined on Slide 8, and our 400 megawatt gas peaker project expected in service in 2027. As a reminder, the base capital plan released in November includes the gas peaker full ownership of Cavalry and Dunns Bridge II projects, and tax equity joint ventures for the Fairbanks and Gibson projects. On Slide 9, you’ll see additional investment opportunities not included in our current base five-year capital plan. We continue to develop and grow in a disciplined and measured way a portfolio of opportunities that benefit customers and stakeholders. We continue to advance these opportunities and will layer them into the upside CapEx plan as appropriate. Relative to gas system investments, the PHMSA rulemaking process is now expected to take longer than originally anticipated. However, we still expect regulatory clarity in 2024. We do not believe the final rule will materially shift CapEx within our base plan. We will continue to evaluate how the rules apply to our systems and engage with stakeholders to deliver the system reliability and benefits expected under the rules. This engagement will inform how the implementation of rules may shape timing of investments in our upside CapEx plan. I would like to conclude my comments today with an update on our ESG performance. In addition to being on track to achieve our net zero and interim decarbonization goals, we achieved 19% diverse supplier spend in 2023, up from 16% in 2022 and 10% in 2021, and are well on our way to our goal of achieving 25% diverse supplier spend by 2025. I’ll now turn the call over to Shawn.
Shawn Anderson: Thanks, Michael, and good morning, everyone. I’m excited to share our 2023 financial results on Slide 10. Non-GAAP net operating earnings in the fourth quarter were $239 million or $0.53 per diluted share, up from $221 million or $0.50 per diluted share in the same period in 2022. This earnings increase is driven by regulatory mechanisms recovering capital investment, partly offset by a modest increase in non-tracked O&M and higher interest expense. For the full year, we reported $716 million of non-GAAP net operating earnings for $1.60 per diluted share, up from $648 million and $1.47 in 2022, respectively. Across this period, regulated revenue returns were partly offset by higher depreciation expense, interest expense, and lower other income. On Slide 11, you’ll find segment detail and key drivers of our results. For the full year, non-GAAP operating income increased across each of the gas, electric and corporate segments, accounting for a $209 million increase to consolidated net operating earnings. Capital expenditures fueled regulated returns, and as Lloyd highlighted earlier, we deployed approximately $3.6 billion in infrastructure projects to enhance safety and reliability of our energy systems. This drove an increase of $335 million through regulatory activity, in rate cases and capital trackers across our jurisdictions. A growing customer base across our businesses also provided a lift in our 2023 financial results and supports customer affordability. Demand for our fuel continues to be very strong, with residential customer count growing over 80 basis points in our gas businesses and over 50 basis points in our electric business last year, both of which enhanced the scale of NiSource. Economic development continues to thrive in the Midwest, and there is no better example of how this collaboration can benefit customers, communities and investors than in Ohio. Our operations in the state serve 1.5 million customers, nearly 550,000 of which are supported by our Columbus operations center. Public private partnership has propelled Ohio’s recent economic development success. In 2023 alone, 33 projects were brought to central Ohio, with over $10 billion in investment being committed. This momentum continues today as there are nearly 100 active opportunities being pursued for future development with the potential to create thousands of new jobs and invest billions of dollars more into central Ohio communities. The majority of these projects are focused in manufacturing industries, representing a diverse range of sectors, including electric vehicles, energy storage, logistics, life sciences, semiconductors, advanced computing facilities and many more. Additionally, Ohio will continue to see new corporate investment driven by downstream supplier activity from megaprojects currently under construction, such as a joint venture with Honda and LG Energy and the Intel chip manufacturing facility. This development can enhance value for NiSource and create an upside to our plan from residential housing demand, which grows as these secondary businesses develop. Central Ohio’s metro population grew an average of 1.8% annually over the last 30 years, and the population is expected to grow an additional 30% by 2050, boosted by strong economic development prospects. Broad stakeholder and policy support is critical to onshoring and manufacturing success and will fuel healthy and growing Midwest economies. Our communities benefit from numerous constructive regulatory mechanisms that encourage energy infrastructure investment across to our states, including economic development programs to spur investments in our region, which create jobs and enhance local tax base. Switching to Slide 13, I’d like to highlight several key value drivers which represent the foundation of our long-term financial commitments. We have increased our non-GAAP net operating earnings per share guidance range for 2024 by $0.02 at the midpoint compared to the range introduced in November. This midpoint now represents a 7.5% year-over-year growth rate from 2023 actual results. The revised guidance is driven primarily by revenues from regulatory activity and enhanced customer demand and lower financing costs relative to our prior year forecast. These growth drivers, along with the strength of our infrastructure investment programs, underpin our expectation to continue to deliver annual non-GAAP NOEPS growth of 6% to 8% and annual rate based growth of 8% to 10% over the 2023 to 2028 period. This is driven by $16 billion of capital expenditures, and it is expected to approximate residential customer bill growth to below 4% on average across the plan horizon. Finally, inconsistent with our last update, our base capital plan includes full ownership of Cavalry and Dunns Bridge II solar projects expected in service in 2024. Fairbanks and Gibson continue to be expected in service in 2025, using a tax equity financing structure. Our upside plan includes incremental CapEx associated with full ownership of these projects, as well as electric and gas investments which Michael detailed earlier. Our financing plan is outlined on Slide 14, which remains unchanged from our mid-November update. As we outlined in that update, we continue to expect to issue up to $600 million in ATM equity in 2024 and $200 million to $300 million of maintenance ATM equity annually in the 2025 to 2028 period to support our base capital plan. Within the operation of our at-the-market program, we retain the flexibility to include small, bilateral discrete transactions should they be efficient to execute. We also continue to reaffirm our commitment to an FFO to debt ratio of 14% to 16% through 2028. In January, our board of directors authorized a 6% increase to our dividend, which is consistent with the annual increase authorized last year. This projects our annual dividend at the bottom half of our stated range for targeted dividend payout ratio of 60% to 70%. We will continue to be thoughtful about capital allocation in the high cost of capital environment. The final two slides will conclude our presentation and focus on execution of our stakeholder commitments. First, our multiyear track record of execution and growth continued in 2023. Lloyd touched on the premium business plan we shared with each of you in November of 2022, and this represents the full year of execution of this plan. We continue to prioritize safety while optimizing our long-term cost profile. We built on our superior regulatory and stakeholder foundation through the execution of four general rate cases and numerous CPCN amendments and capital tracker approvals. During the year, we invested over $3.6 billion to support our customers and keep our communities and our employees safe, all while enhancing the balance sheet afforded through the minority interest sale. We are proud of the execution delivered by the entire NiSource team, including achieving a 9% year-over-year growth rate and landing at the high end of our guidance range. All of these investments and the long-term visibility of our results fuel our confidence to execute each and every year as we move forward. As we share on Slide 16, each of the last three years, we’ve executed strong financial growth, achieving the upper half of our guidance range in each year. This is important. Each year we’ve done this, we’ve rebased future NOEPS guidance upwards off those actual results. We’ve accomplished this in 2021, 2022 and now 2023. And we expect to keep doing this, as we move forward, exemplified by our upgraded guidance range with an implied midpoint of 7.5% over 2023’s already strong results. And this is differentiated in our sector, which has delivered an average 5% non-GAAP NOEPS CAGR since 2021 compared to the 8% achieved by NiSource. The underlying business plan supported by strong regulatory construct in NiSource jurisdictions coupled with responsible investments in identifiable regulatory programs, enable a reasonable return of investment over our plan. The confidence in these investments enables the rebasing of annual growth rate which supports this higher NOEPS range as we execute the plan, which in turn enhances the future earnings potential of our business in each forward year of our plan. We are excited about the future prospects of our business and to continue building a track record of execution and growth. We remain confident. Our commitments are resilient to rapidly changing business conditions, as which was seen across the utility industry over the last two years. Despite this, the NiSource plan is stronger than ever. Thank you for your time this morning and your interest in NiSource. And with that, I’d like to open the call to your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we are now opening the floor for question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Barclays Capital. Your line is now open.
Nick Campanella: Hey, thanks. Good morning. This is Nick Campanella on.
Lloyd Yates: Good morning, Nick.
Nick Campanella: Appreciate all the disclosures today. Good morning. So I guess, just to start, the renewables investment and ownership upside that you kind of highlighted on slides here, just how are you kind of thinking about the timing of layering that into the plan? And then I guess, Shawn, can you still sequence those cash flows from those projects to kind of do this without additional equity financing or just how are you kind of thinking about that? Thanks.
Michael Luhrs: Yes, thank you. So this is Michael. We’re continuing to work through this in a discipline and methodical way, just as we have been all through the last year. Just maybe to walk through a little bit of history associated with it. So if you look at the Gibson and Fairbanks projects, which are part of the billion dollar upside, when we look at a $2 billion upside, when we look at the CapEx plan. We filed for in July, a change for the Gibson from a PPA to a bill transfer agreement that was received in November. We also in 2023 filed for full ownership of Cavalry and Dunns Bridge. We received that in January of 2024. During this period, we’ve been evaluating our analysis on Fairbanks and Gibson, and we expect to be able to work through those final details at our analysis now and give a more fulsome update in Q2. But we would plan to have that update and roll that through as we complete that analysis.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Then, Nick, this is Shawn to the second part of your question. I think the way we’ve described the future financing plan associated with any of the upside CapEx is that we would need to evaluate the cash flow profile of the projects, in this case, the two renewables projects that Michael’s described that you asked about would have some assistance from PTC monetization over the plan horizon. It also would come with a higher depreciation rate relative to some of the alternative investments. Those have the ability to help the cash flow profile of the business. That said, construction timelines, regulatory recovery, and obviously the approval from the IURC would all play into the fact of how we would finance those projects, which is why we’ve described a potential modest increase associated with the ATM to maintain the capital structure when we access the upside CapEx plan.
Nick Campanella: Got it. That’s helpful. And then I guess, just maybe sticking with financing. You’re clear in slides that it’s an ATM strategy for 2024, but it does seem in the prepared remarks that you’re open to doing something more kind of bilateral. Can you just kind of explain the thought there and where you stand.
Shawn Anderson: Yes, sure. We’ve studied our available trading days for the remainder of the year, and we’re confident the equity need is highlighted. It’s very executable under the ATM without placing any undue pressure on daily volumes. We’ve got strong sales agents set up to support the execution, and we’ll be highly engaged in this on a daily basis to ensure successful execution. And that our stock can realize the valuation uplift that we expect with our continued strong performance. That said, what we like about the ATM is it’s very low cost. It has low friction costs and transaction fees associated with it. It also allows us to dollar cost average, the access of equity to the timing by which that we would deploy the CapEx and line those cash flows up, which creates more efficiency throughout the year as opposed to a scenario where you might need to over finance or bring in more dollars than you need at any one point to deploy. So those are the things we like about the ATM. There are still ways inside the ATM to be able to line those fundamentals up. And we’re open to those options if it makes sense. But bottom line, we need to be very, very efficient from a cost basis standpoint and very much lined up with the timing of cash flows that we need to deploy to support our CapEx.
Nick Campanella: All right, thanks so much. Have a great day.
Shawn Anderson: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your light is now open.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, good morning, Lloyd and Shawn. How are you guys doing?
Lloyd Yates: Good morning, Shar.
Shawn Anderson: Hey, good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. So, obviously, you rebased higher again today, and you have the $2 billion of upside CapEx that you’ve identified. But obviously that’s not reflected in your plan. It’s obviously, the messaging is pretty straightforward, right. You guys have confidence in the 6% to 8% growth. Are you comfortable guiding kind of where you are within the range you sit, the numbers seem to point closer to the top end. But as we’re thinking about the incremental opportunities, I guess, were you within the 6% to 8%? Thanks.
Shawn Anderson: So, Shar, we did a detail assessment. We did raise guidance. We said it in the past, we’re going to raise guidance. Our guidance for 2024 was based off of our strong performance in 2023. So if you think about the $1.60, the $1.70 to $1.74implies a 7.5% target for 2024. And we’re very comfortable with those guidance ranges. So we’re not necessarily guiding between the 6% and 8% at this point.
Lloyd Yates: Yes, just to reinforce that. Shar, it’s a great question, when we see signs from the business that will lead us to a different outcome. We’ve built a track record to flow those updates through this call. We’ve done so at various points. So we won’t wait to give you greater insight once we have a higher degree of confidence of exactly where we’re going to land within the range if we need to send that signal. But right now, 6% to 8% off of a strong 2023 year end is the plan.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. That’s helpful. And then just on the next – just any status on the next NIPSCO case? Just trying to get a sense on how much renewable spending will likely be captured since the last case. Thanks.
Lloyd Yates: So, Melody, you want to talk about NIPSCO Gas case? Are you talking about – I’m sorry, Shar, NIPSCO – are you talking about the NIPSCO, current NIPSCO gas case or future electric?
Shar Pourreza: The future electric.
Melody Birmingham: Well, we have not filed an electric case, so there isn’t an electric case currently that has been shared. But we have in fact filed our gas case October of last year. And we are currently working with our interveners as we’re discussing what we see as a successful outcome through those negotiations, what we’re expecting and working towards with those interveners.
Lloyd Yates: The way to think about the next electric case, Shar, is what we like to do is file that case, pretty much align with when we finish those renewable projects. And if you think about the last case, those renewable projects went in right before that case was executed. So I think we try to keep that gap really small. So that was to be dependent upon finishing those renewable projects. And right now they’re on time and on schedule. We have more information about that. We’ll file the electric case and we’ll let you guys know that as soon as possible.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, Lloyd. Yes. That was the impetus of the question. It’s just how do we think about the timing of the next electric? I think you answered it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning team. Thanks for giving me time. Hey, Shawn, just housekeeping for us, the $600 million, have you done any equity so far, year-to-date? And then can you clarify, you mentioned, you might be doing some, I think you said some private placements, some small private placements, if I heard that correctly. So what did you intend to say there?
Shawn Anderson: Yes, absolutely, Durgesh. We have not executed anything under the 600 – up to $600 million ATM program anticipated for 2024. In fact, we had an ATM equity program expire at the end of 2023 and we’ll need to file a new ATM equity program to access the current guidance of up to $600 million. And we plan to do that very soon, which would give us the balance of year for us to be able to execute that equity plan. We described a potential bilateral or discrete agreement inside the context of the ATM. It wouldn’t be a private placement necessarily. However, some investors can solicit interest from sales agents directly and transact at greater than one share, for example, and that transaction would then be placed under the ATM. And certainly, we would be interested if investors are interested at an efficient pricing.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. And so perfect, that’s very helpful, Shawn. And you’ll update us on the quarterly calls as you execute on this program, or how will we know over time what portion of the $600 million you have executed?
Shawn Anderson: Yes, that’s exactly correct. We’ll keep score along the way and we’ll certainly let folks know what we expect for the balance of the year and/or if any of the other aspects of the financing plan change, we’ll be sure to update the slide that you see in the disclosure doc deck today.
Durgesh Chopra: Perfect. Thank you. And then just one big picture question, perhaps for Lloyd, CenterPoint announced gas LDC sales earlier, just thinking about the opportunities you have within your current portfolio. Are there opportunities to optimize assets to fund that growth? Or how are you thinking about that?
Lloyd Yates: So let me talk about it this way. I don’t necessarily comment on any kind of specific M&A, but what I will say is, when you think about NiSource, we are always very diligently reviewing options to enhance shareholder value in our plan. But we’re currently focused on our organic plan, investing $16 billion at one times rate base with another potential upside to invest another $2 billion. If you go back to 2022, we did a lot of work here in terms of our business review and we see a couple of things that we like, and that is the scale at NiSource has tremendous value and we like the diversification of our six operating companies. You also saw us last year raise capital via – but you all raise capital via the NIPSCO transaction, what we thought was a very efficient process with respect – very efficient tax process with respect to taxes. So with all that being said, what I’ll say to you is, we are always looking to enhance shareholder value. And if we find an opportunity to raise capital more efficiently to improve our enterprise value, we plan to take advantage of it. But right now, we’re focused on our organic plan.
Durgesh Chopra: Super. Very clear. Thanks guys. Congrats on a solid quarter here.
Shawn Anderson: Thanks, Durgesh.
Operator: Our next question comes from Travis Miller from Morningstar. Your line is now open.
Travis Miller: Good morning, everyone. Thank you.
Shawn Anderson: Hey, good morning, Travis.
Travis Miller: Question on this CapEx plan, I know it’s difficult to parse out things here, but especially on the gas side of that five-year plan and whatever incremental part would be associated with the gas, how much would you attribute to base spending, safety spending, core spending on the system, and then how much would you attribute to the new expansion opportunities you’ve talked about manufacturing and other new build opportunities on the industrial side.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Travis. This is Shawn. I think that what we would attribute the planned CapEx for gas is almost all planned for safety, reliability, and compliance work supporting our regulatory requirements from PHMSA and from the local PUCs that we support. So as we think about the gas CapEx, that’s the vast majority of the CapEx. We actually don’t plan for significant amount of future expansion costs into the CapEx guidance itself because we often see that those CapEx amounts can be supported by incoming revenues to support the cost of basis itself. So as we have incremental projects like we had in Ohio for Intel to help support a larger economic development project. We’ll work with local stakeholders, local mechanisms, and move those into the capital plan as necessary. Some of those are signaled on the slides that Michael shared from the upside plan itself. But the way I would think about it is nearly all of the CapEx that we spend from a gas standpoint, absent a small amount is driven for safety, compliance, reliability upgrades across our system.
Travis Miller: Okay. That makes sense. And then similar question of that, how much do you expect to flow through some of the mechanisms you have that are non-base rate case related?
Shawn Anderson: Yes. We do have mechanisms in different jurisdictions that enable recovery of whether you’re calling economic development type projects. We have legislation that’s supported in Ohio have had for a number of years to support economic development expansion as well as in Indiana. But some of the forward-look test years, such as that in Pennsylvania can enable us to project these types of projects, if we have line of sight to where economic development is going to come into place. And we can work through the regulatory mechanisms themselves or the rate cases themselves to ensure that we can get quick recovery or prompt recovery of those. So we haven’t seen economic development or business expansion be a drag on our earnings power across any of our businesses. And in fact, it often is one of the components that leads us to an upside within our range.
Travis Miller: Okay. That’s great. Thanks so much.
Shawn Anderson: Thanks, Travis.
Operator: We have our next question from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Nick Campanella: Hey, it’s Nick Campanella again. I just had a quick follow-up, if you don’t mind. Just I’m looking through your regulatory kind of outlook slides here, and I just wanted to know if you’re still planning to file a rate case in Pennsylvania this year.
Lloyd Yates: Melody, you want to handle that one?
Melody Birmingham: Hi there, Nick. We did file a notice of intent for Pennsylvania. And so we are working through the details of when we file for this year.
Operator: Right. We don’t have any raised hands as of the moment. I’d now like to hand back over to the management for their final remarks.
Lloyd Yates: So before I close, I want to take a minute here to thank Donald Brown. Donald is our EVP and Chief Innovation Officer, our former CFO. And after nearly a decade with NiSource, Donald informed us that he’ll be leaving the company to pursue other professional opportunities. I would say we’re extremely grateful to Donald for his service to NiSource and for helping us build a strong financial foundation and to help us evolve and execute our transformation strategy. And we wish him well in his future endeavors. I want to thank all of you for great questions and your support of NiSource and look forward to continue to update you on future business activities. Thank you very much.
Operator: For attending today’s call, we hope you have a wonderful day. Goodbye.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Q3 2023 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. I would now like to welcome Chris Turnure, Director of Investor Relations to begin the call. Chris, over to you.
Christopher Turnure: Good morning, and welcome to the NiSource Third Quarter 2023 Investor Call. Joining me today are President and Chief Executive Officer, Lloyd Yates; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Shawn Anderson; Executive Vice President of Strategy and Risk and Chief Commercial Officer; Michael Luhrs, Executive Vice President and Group President, NiSource Utilities, Melody Birmingham; and Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer, Randy Hulen. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource's financial performance for the third quarter of 2023 as well as provide an update on our operations and growth drivers. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call to your questions. Slides for today's call are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. We would like to remind you that some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the risk factors and MD&A sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some of the statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP measures. Please refer to the supplemental slides, segment information and full financial schedules for information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures. I'd now like to turn the call over to Lloyd.
Lloyd Yates: Thanks, Chris. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'll start with an overview of our value proposition on slide three. At year-end 2022, we had $16.6 billion of rate base deployed for our customers, and today are outlining a refreshed base plan to invest another nearly $16 billion of capital over the next five years. We plan to execute on our resilient financial commitments supported by a superior regulatory and stakeholder foundation and balance sheet flexibility. Assuming a constant PE ratio, our plan can deliver a total shareholder return of 10% to 12%. Slide four shows our four key priorities. First, today we are reiterating our expectation of achieving the upper half of our $1.54 to $1.60 EPS range this year. We are introducing 2024 EPS guidance of $1.68 to $1.72, over 8% growth midpoint to midpoint versus our current 2023 range. We are extending our 6% to 8% long-term EPS growth guidance to the 2023 to 28 period. This is supported by a five-year base capital plan of $16 billion and an 8% to 10% annual 2023 to 28 rate-based growth. We are confident our commitments are resilient to periods of rapidly changing business conditions such as those seen by the utility industry over the last 12 months. We continue building a track record of execution and growth, and our commitment to investors, employees, and customers is central to everything we do. Second, our superior regulatory and stakeholder foundation differentiates us from peers. In early August, the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission approved NIPSCO's electric rate case settlement. This case represented the culmination of years of investment and stakeholder engagement, beginning with our 2018 integrated resource plan. In October, the public utility law judge of Maryland's recommendation to approve Columbia Gas of Maryland's rate case settlement became a final order. Last week, we filed a new gas general rate case in Indiana seeking recovery of $1.1 billion estimated cumulative investment to be completed through the end of 2024. Third, our balance sheet flexibility allows us to both optimize cost of capital for customers and ultimate return on capital for our shareholders. The transaction announced in June with Blackstone Infrastructure Partners is an example of the diverse funding sources embedded in our plan, raised at an attractive relative value while preserving the scale of our business. Fourth, our company is experiencing a record investment cycle driven by safety, reliability, regulatory mandates, decarbonization, and modernization. Investment is constrained primarily by normal operational constraints and our desire to manage the impact on customer bills. The surplus of investment opportunity puts us in a favorable position to prioritize the deployment of capital in the investments in jurisdictions generating the highest risk adjusted returns. Slide five details our annual capital expenditures across our six state service territory. In the five-year period through 2028, we plan to invest $16 billion. Every single one of these dollars is a real investment in our communities. For example, at Columbia Gas of Virginia, we replaced over 8,000 feet of main and over 10,000 feet of service line infrastructure as part of a $4 million investment in our system in the town of Culpeper. As part of this project, Columbia Gas updated several multimeter set and 130 individual customer connections, improving the quality and reliability of service to our customers within Culpeper County. Slide six shows key rate case and select capital rider activity since 2021. Our leading regulatory execution continues with no less than 10 cases filed in seven jurisdictions across six states during this period. Our state regulatory teams are in a constant cycle of communication and engagement with key interveners regulators and customer groups. In addition to general rate cases, regular capital tracker filings allow timely recovery on and of our investments. A dialogue with our Pennsylvania stakeholders starting late last year is an example of this. An approved long-term infrastructure improvement plan and the state is a prerequisite to recovering investments through a distractor. Columbia Gas, Pennsylvania sought the authority to replace infrastructure based on risks rather than a prior focus on bare steel and with a granted approval this spring. This change enables inclusion of an additional first generation assets such as first-generation plastic pipe for expedited replacement, enhancing the safety and reliability of our system. All of this activity is built on a foundation of robust economic activity for our states. Customer count across our territories has been growing on average by 0.5% to 1% annually for years, including 2023 to date. Favorable demographic trends have driven inbound migration, thanks to a stable and growing manufacturing base, robust utility and nonutility infrastructure and low tax rates in the states we serve. In Southwestern Pennsylvania, one of the largest titanium melting companies in the world have advanced plans for a planned expansion in our service territory. Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania engaged the business in the Department of Community and Economic Development to enable the extension of a gas infrastructure and support job creation and economic development in the region. Moreover, this extension will present greater access to low-cost natural gas throughout the surrounding community while enhancing energy diversification and energy resilience. Slide seven shows how our operational excellence model is incorporated into decision-making in all areas of the company. Project Apollo is on track, generating efficiencies by doing things safer, better, more efficiently and with less cost. This will keep non-tracked O&M flat through the duration of our 5-year plan. NiSource has continued to invest in technology that will drive risk reduction across gas and electric assets and increased customer value by ensuring reliable service, advanced mobile leak inspection is one example. Our historical practice of addressing leaks one by one is transforming into a process of clustering large-volume leaks into small replacement projects. This project brings visibility to large volume leaks and prioritization repair, reduces methane emissions and improve efficiency. We are focused on affordability for our customers every day. All of this is expected to contribute to keeping total customer bills in line with inflation over the 5-year financial plan. These achievements would not be possible with our dedicated employees and their commitment to our customers, communities and all ISO stakeholders. With that, I'll turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Luhrs: Thank you, Lloyd. I'll begin on Slide eight. NIPSCO's generation transition continues to advance as we optimize the new portfolio to benefit customers and retire all coal-fired generation by the end of 2028. Our first four renewable projects and the associated electric transmission are in service and represent approximately $1 billion of investment in economic, sustainable, zero fuel cost new generation for NIPSCO's Northern Indiana customers. Also, our Indiana Crossroads II wind PPA is advancing and is expected in service late this year. Construction on Calvary Solar and Storage and Dunns Bridge II Solar and Storage continues and both projects have expected in-service dates in 2024. The Fairbank Solar project is expected to be in service in 2025 and is in the early stages of construction. The Gibson project is also expected to be in service in 2025 and construction is anticipated to begin in early 2024. Our plans have included these four owned renewable projects under tax equity structures. However, based on our evaluation of the Inflation Reduction Act and the benefits to customers with tax credit monetization, we have filed a modification with the IURC for approval of full ownership of Calvary Solar and Storage and Dunns Bridge II Solar and Storage. Full ownership of these projects provide a lower cost to customers than tax equity supporting affordability and enhances our base plan. We continue to assume tax equity structures in our plan for the other two projects, Fairbanks and Gibson. However, we are actively evaluating the potential benefits to customers of inflation reduction act provisions related to these projects. NIPSCO has several generation-related filings under review at the IURC, a CPCN for conversion of the Gibson project into a BTA, a bill transfer agreement modification for Calvary and Dunns Bridge II filed in August, which includes the aforementioned customer beneficial proposal of switching to NIPSCO's full ownership of the projects instead of tax equity financing and a CPCN for our planned gas peaker project. In addition, NIPSCO has recently received orders approving several PPA projects, Apple Seed Solar, Templeton Wind and Carpenter Wind. For the gas peaker, in September, we filed a CPCN for an approximately 400-megawatt brownfield gas peaker project on our Schahfer site in Indiana. The project utilizes a combination of technologies, including aero derivatives for quick start capability and is a key enabler of our generation transition system performance and the full retirement of coal-fired generation by 2028. Our in-service renewable projects are performing in line with expectations and are reducing fuel costs for our customers. Since our first project went commercial in late 2020, we have been passing back both excess generation and renewable energy credits revenues to customers from this and subsequent projects. In the third quarter alone, this amount totaled $5.3 million for a year-to-date total of $19.9 million. As we look forward, Slide nine shows additional CapEx opportunities not included in our base financial plan through 2028. These include potential items such as continued employment of the IRA to benefit customers and reduce tax equity financing, long-term incremental generation investment opportunities, PHMSA gas infrastructure spending and multiple additional opportunities. The 2020 federal pipe back will require incremental investment in our system for various leak reduction, safety and other operational requirements. These requirements would build on the investments we have been making on our advanced leak detection and repair program. We will continue to be active in this area to support the best outcome for customers in terms of safety, emissions and infrastructure investment. The pipeline of opportunities listed on this page and the approximately $2 billion 2024 to 2028 upside CapEx opportunities continue to be evaluated to determine the most beneficial actions to deliver safe, reliable and cost-effective energy for our communities. As we look beyond 2028, we think a regulated gas and electric integrated utilities, such as NiSource has the potential to access even more investment. This is particularly true as we think about the landscape of further decarbonization. As Nascent technology develops into practical applications, NiSource will look to work these investments into our capital expenditure plans in a customer beneficial manner. These potential and current investments across our electric and gas business support our clean energy transition, further our Scope 1 emissions reduction goals and enhance customer value in a balanced way. In early October, we announced the launch of a multiphase hydrogen blending project. It is one of the first in the United States use a blending skid in a controlled setting to mix hydrogen and natural gas at precise levels. Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania partnered with EN Engineering to construct a skid at our training facility allowing for the controlled blending of hydrogen into our isolated and controlled natural gas system to blend levels ranging from 2% to 20% hydrogen. Throughout the blending project, NiSource will continue to evaluate the viability of hydrogen natural gas plans for other applications such as factories and power plants. As we consider the benefits and potential uses of hydrogen in the future, this project is one step that helps NiSource to determine the most beneficial and viable opportunities. Finally, last month, we issued our first sustainability report. For years, we have published an integrated annual report incorporating both financial and sustainability metrics. This year marks our first stand-alone report of key sustainability topics. The report details the incorporation of E, S and G policies throughout the organization and how these actions support and align with our mission, vision and values. I'm proud of the company-wide efforts captured in this report that demonstrate how we strengthen and support our communities through our business activities. And I encourage everyone with an interest in sustainability to review the report. I'll now turn things over to Shawn.
Shawn Anderson: Thanks, Michael, and good morning, everyone. Slide 10 reviews our financial results from the third quarter. Non-GAAP net operating earnings were $84 million or $0.19 per share compared to $45 million or $0.10 per share in the third quarter of 2022. Year-to-date results continue to track in line with our plan. Visibility from constructive regulatory outcomes and execution on O&M initiatives support our continued guidance to the upper half of the $1.54 to $1.60 EPS guidance provided last quarter. Turning to Slide 11, you'll find segment details and key drivers of our results. Gas Distribution operating earnings were $53 million in the third quarter an increase of $21 million versus the same quarter last year. New rates and capital investment programs drove $42 million of incremental revenue including general rate case contributions in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Indiana, Virginia and Maryland. Capital trackers in Ohio, Kentucky and Virginia provided additional return of capital investment for the segment as well. Offsetting these revenue increases we're spending activities in non-tracked gas O&M for the quarter of $8 million and depreciation from infrastructure programs, which increased $14 million on a year-over-year basis. Electric operating earnings were $184 million in the third quarter, an increase of $69 million versus the same quarter last year. New rates as well as improved weather-normalized commercial and residential customer usage increased revenue by $7.3 million. Non-tracked electric O&M decreased $4 million, and depreciation increased $6 million. Lastly, Corporate and Other contributed $5 million due primarily to lower overall costs across several activities. Now I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile on Slide 12. Our debt level, as of September 30 was $13.3 billion, $11 billion of which was long-term debt with a weighted average maturity of 12 years and a weighted average interest rate of 3.9%. At the end of the third quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of $1 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility our accounts receivable securitization programs. All three credit agencies have affirmed NiSource ratings and outlooks for the year. We remain committed to our current investment-grade credit ratings and remain on track to achieve our stated 14% to 16% FFO to debt range for this year upon closing of the minority interest sale transaction by the end of 2023. Slide 13 details our refreshed long-term financial commitments. We are extending our 6 to 8 long-term EPS growth guidance to the 2023 to 2028 period. This is supported by a 5-year base capital plan of $16 billion, which fuels 8% to 10% annual 2023 to 2028 rate base growth. The enhanced base capital expenditure plan builds on our 5-year plan by switching from tax equity to full ownership of our next two renewables project in 2024. It also assumes additional capital for PHMSA-related gas infrastructure requirements and electric transmission investments in 2027 and 2028. These investments support incremental $1 billion of CapEx we have now moved into our base capital forecast over the next 5-year horizon. Additionally, we are highlighting $2 billion of upside CapEx not included in the base plan. As Michael indicated, this includes investments to switch from tax equity to full ownership for our last two renewables projects in 2025, long-term incremental generation investment opportunities, electric and gas distribution enhancement opportunities and PHMSA driven investments. We'll be sharing more about these upside capital expenditure opportunities as we engage with stakeholders and develop better line of sight to make these investments for our customers and we'll continue to update and guide our annual capital expenditures plans to reflect the full scope of activities NiSource is engaging upon to deliver safe and reliable service for our customers. Next, I'd like to focus on our financing plan and make four key points on Slide 14. First, we intend to remarket our equity units later this month for proceeds of $863 million. Second, this continues to be the only equity required in our base plan in 2023 and 2024, and is consistent with our prior financing plan for these years. Third, we expect to issue $200 million to $300 million of annual maintenance equity in the 2025 to 2028 periods using an ATM to maintain our capital structure and our current base case capital expenditures plan. Due to the strengthening of our balance sheet in 2023, we believe further enhancements to the capital plan and access to our upside CapEx and can be funded constructively by growth in cash from operations and requires minimal incremental equity from this base financing plan. Fourth, all of these financing costs have been included in our guidance ranges and continue to be reflected fully in the growth rate of our business, which we have projected today. This plan supports both an annual 6% to 8% NOEPS growth rate and 14% to 16% FFO to debt annually for 2023 and the entire 2024 to 2028 period reflected in this planned refresh. As we sit here today, we've been able to increase our capital plan by $1 billion compared to the plan a year ago, while requiring limited incremental equity. This is due in part to higher expected deferred taxes driven by larger solar CapEx and the full ownership of select assets, generating more accelerated depreciation as well as modest amounts of tax transferability proceeds and some timing associated with monetization of credits. One final note on this slide. While the financing plan shared on Slide 14 is projected to support the $16 billion base capital plan. We expect minimal changes when we access capital investment opportunities within the upside plan. This is due in part to the strengthening of the balance sheet projected to be executed in 2023. These activities as well as improvements in cash from operations as a result of selecting those investments continue to support our commitment for all years of our plan to remain within the 14% to 16% FFO to debt which we are positioned to deliver upon once we close the minority sale transaction at NIPSCO this year. I also want to be clear that the NiSource team has been and will continue to be thoughtful about the risks of elevated leverage. One year ago, we recognized the value of financing flexibility and diversity of capital and announced our intention to proceed with an alternative source of financing via our NIPSCO minority transaction. Capital markets remain volatile and expensive versus historical levels for both utility equity and debt. Our base plan continues to carefully take these risks into consideration and builds in balance sheet flexibility, cushion and realistic financing assumptions accordingly. We've also updated our plan to reflect the current interest rate environment, which extends the higher short-term interest rate longer into our planned horizon than before and reflects the current outlook of the credit curve for our projected long-term debt issuances. I'll conclude on Slide 15. Today, we introduced a refreshed long-term financial plan that builds and enhances upon the prior 5-year plan introduced this time last year. Since our Investor Day in 2022 and in just one year, we have outperformed our 2022 NOEPS guidance range by exceeding our $1.44 to $1.46. And with actual NOEPS of $1.47. We've enhanced our 2023 NOEPS guidance range from $1.50 to $1.57. And up to the upper half of $1.54 to $1.60. We've received approval for an agreement to raise $2.15 billion of diversified capital while preserving the scale of our business for our customers' benefit. We've enhanced our projected capital expenditures outlook by $1 billion and we've identified $2 billion more of capital expenditures, we believe, are important to delivering safe and reliable energy for our communities. We continue building a track record of execution and growth, and our commitment to investors, employees and customers is central to everything we do. We'd now like to open up the line for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Shah Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Jamieson Ward: Good morning. It's Jamieson Ward on for Shah. Just building on your prepared remarks, as we think about the four remaining renewable projects at NIPSCO, the potential to replace tax equity with increased ownership, you obviously mentioned having filed the two and then day two you hadn't yet. As we think particularly about the amount, which is not already part of the base capital plan, could you remind us of how we should think about how much capital at a high level that could represent?
Lloyd Yates: Michael Luhrs will handle that question, Mike.
Michael Luhrs: Yes. So thank you. So when we think about the remaining two projects, as you mentioned, the first two associated with Calvary and Dunns Bridge have been included, and we evaluated that and filed to that from the tax transferability. We continue to evaluate the second two. And if those are customer beneficial, then we'll look at how to move forward with those. But effectively, you would be looking in a neighborhood of about $400 million of incremental capital associated with those projects. If they were to be included under full ownership with tax transferability.
Jamieson Ward: Got it. Perfect. Thank you. And second question, to bring some concerns and rumblings out there among some -- we've been seeing some supply chain issues to do with renewables. Specifically, have you guys been seeing any issues in terms of getting panels from the two developers that you're working with?
Michael Luhrs: So at this point in time, honestly, we feel very strong and confident in our dates and in-service dates with our projects, and we think that's evidenced by how we brought the recent projects into schedule. I think there were a lot of benefits to us in how we exercise the generation transition earlier and plan for that. And at this point, we do not see significant supply disruptions. We do pay attention to that. We are always wary of it. There continues to be the need for long lead time equipment with certain items, but we've addressed those.
Jamieson Ward: Perfect. That’s all I have. Thank you very much. And looking forward to seeing you guys at the EI [Ph] in a couple of weeks.
Michael Luhrs: Thank you. You too.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey good morning, team. Thanks for giving me time. Michael, just staying on the topic of those -- the tax equity versus rate base. Maybe can you just give us a little bit of color because I think there's an important point for the industry as a whole? What -- I mean you went ahead with the two projects, two projects you were kind of evaluate. Is there any difference project by project as we think about tax equity versus rate base ownership, is the tax equity market more tighter now? Just anything that you can share there because I think that's going to be really important as we move forward with IRA as companies choose rate basing versus tax equity.
Michael Luhrs: So what I would say is, fundamentally, when you look at the benefits of the IRA and what we determined with the first two projects is that it produced significant additional benefits for customer costs. Both in the near term and in the long-term over the project. So we felt very comfortable, and we know that they provide a lot of benefit to customers, and that's why we filed for full ownership with them. There are always differences associated with projects relative to what the capacity factors of them are depending on the region. There's always differences associated with them. Some of our projects include storage versus not. That changes the different tax credits with those projects. What I would say is that we continue to evaluate those projects, the remaining two under the tax transferability provision. And provide that customer benefit opportunity, then we'll look at how to move forward with those. But we're going to go through it in a very methodical and disciplined fashion to make sure that we know it provides the best benefit to all stakeholders.
Durgesh Chopra: That's helpful color. I appreciate it. And then maybe just -- I think this will be in Shawn's view of the house. But on the remarketing, Shawn, like what are you assuming in your 2024 EPS guidance, I know it’s small, but are you assuming remarketing that's part one. And then the language includes 200 in your slide that includes $200 million to $300 million equity with or without the remarketing. So the question is if you're not going to remarket how you're placing that equity content.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Durgesh. Appreciate the question. So first and foremost, all of our guidance range for all years of the plan reflect the full cost of financing, which is inclusive of all of the equity that we've shared, I think, on Slide 14. And all of our financing plan has always contemplated a full marketing in the placement of the $863 million effectively raising those proceeds here in 2023. That continues to be our assumption as we move forward. That positions our balance sheet such that we are in the 14% to 16% range for all years of the plan. But more specifically, the minority sale process concluding and closing by the end of 2023 positions us in that range. So the second half of your question is related to what if the units are not remarketing. And we have a lot of flexibility then in that scenario, both in the timing of raising the equity as well as spending our capital expenditures plan. Therefore, we've got flexibility within the 14% to 16% range should that not actually execute.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Thank you Shawn. I appreciate the time.
Shawn Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Sunderland with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Richard Sunderland: Hi, good morning. Can you hear me?
Lloyd Yates: We can hear you fine, good morning.
Richard Sunderland: Great, thank you. Close out the Fairbanks and Gibson discussion. Just what's the rough time line for a final decision on those projects in terms of ownership structure?
Lloyd Yates: So the IURC doesn't have an extended time line to make that decision. We believe and hope that we'll get a decision from them sometime early next year.
Unidentified Company Representative: With Calvary and Dunns Bridge. For Fairbanks and Gibson upon that decision associated with Calvary and Dunns Bridge, we would expect to be done with the analysis on Fairbanks and Gibson roughly in that time frame. And then take the next steps forward associated with it.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. Understood. One, I guess, additional points on the outlook update here in sort of the gas price assumptions? I know this is a point of emphasis last year in terms of that customer bill impact and keeping rates at a moderate level. How much of the year-over-year gas price help did you roll into this plan? Is there still cushion relative to assumptions a year ago that help on the kind of upside CapEx from ex this generation discussion?
Lloyd Yates: Let me -- when we built the plan and rolled out at Investor Day in 2022, when we use market curve on natural gas. We did not assume that gas would be $2 to $3 a million BTU. We are still assuming that same market curve in the plan that we have. So I don't characterize that as cushion. We manage that. We don't build. So we didn't build a plan piling in excess capital because we're assuming gas prices are going to stay at $2 to $3. Our land is built on gas prices, whatever the market curve I think its $4 to $5.
Shawn Anderson: Sustaining $4, that's right.
Lloyd Yates: $4 curve.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. And so just to put a bow on kind of the incremental capital and how to think about layering that in -- is this an ongoing effort where over the next few quarters, we could see some of that come into the plan. Or is this more about annual refreshes and kind of the bucket that could be additive versus base CapEx as it stands today?
Lloyd Yates: I would say both as we look at incremental capital opportunities. Now when they come to fruition when we do the analysis and we understand them in terms of customer benefit, shareholder benefit, ability to execute accretion the plan for shareholders, then we'll layer those plans and whether that's on a quarter-by-quarter basis, we'll take advantage on the quarterly opportunity. And then we'll also refresh our capital plans annually to reflect those incremental opportunities.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. Very helpful. Then sorry, one final quick one for me. The NIPSCO transaction with Blackstone, just some of the qualitative synergies there, if there's any upside potential that might come in Indiana territory as a result.
Lloyd Yates: Shawn, do you want to take that one?
Shawn Anderson: Yes, absolutely. We've found the partnership with Blackstone, even before we've closed here as very robust. They're very thoughtful, considerate, executors around capital as well as understanding infrastructure and just the global landscape. They brought ideas to the table that we've already partnered with Mike Cooper, our President in Indiana and the Indiana team more broadly to try and evaluate how we can benefit the state of Indiana, from this partnership. And that's mostly in the vein of economic development, on shoring, increasing manufacturing, potential for data centers, increasing NIPSCO's load. But more specifically, bringing jobs and broader tax base to the State of Indiana. And Blackstone has brought a lot of ideas to the table on that already, and we're looking forward to continuing to action those and bringing some of those into fruition.
Richard Sunderland: Wonderful. Thanks for the time today.
Shawn Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Fremont with Ladenburg. Please go ahead.
Paul Fremont: Hi, thank you and congratulations on the additional capital spend. You mentioned $400 million for Fairbanks and Gibson, how much CapEx is associated with Calvary and Dunns Bridge?
Lloyd Yates: Michael?
Michael Luhrs: So when you look at the incremental $1 billion that Shawn mentioned, approximately $500 million is associated with Calvary and Dunns Bridge for the tax transferability, and that's simply going to the full ownership of those projects.
Paul Fremont: Right. So for the 24 through 27 period, it looks like your capital spend went up by about $1.150 billion. So I guess what makes up the additional spend?
Michael Luhrs: Yes. So when you look at the elements between that, I mean, some of that, if you're looking specifically at the generation projects. I mean some of that, honestly, is just rounding associated with it. And then we did have some general modifications with the projects. But then when you look at the other capital opportunities on top of that, Shawn, I'll let you.
Shawn Anderson: Yes, sure. The incremental MISO transmission projects are a portion of this becoming part of the plan in the middle of the year -- middle of the decade really earlier than what we previously had shared and modeled those were part of the road for change in legislation that we saw come through in May of 2023 and part of Tranche 1 that MISO had handed down for execution. We also see incremental gas modernization in PHMSA work and a little bit more work necessary for us to ensure electric resiliency. Most of that is towards the back half of this decade.
Paul Fremont: Great. And then it looks like there is some delay in -- on the gas side in terms of your spending, it's like less spending, I think, in 25, but a lot of that looks like it's moved out to 27.
Shawn Anderson: We're just moving capital projects associated with the regulatory time lines that our jurisdictions are supporting for their programmatic investment. But I don't think that's a significant shift nor an indication of change in investment thesis.
Lloyd Yates: Yes, and to add to that, I think that is also a shift in our development of workforce and aligning our contractors and employees to make sure we can execute that work effectively and efficiently.
Paul Fremont: And then last question for me. When I think about any spend that's incremental to now what's in your base CapEx, can you give us a sense of the percent of that incremental investment that would be supported by equity.
Shawn Anderson: We've not disclosed the specific percentage associated with that, but we reiterate that we believe it would be a modest change to the Slide 14 that we laid out today. And the main reason for that really is the execution of the minority interest sale process in 2023 and really all financing in 2023, which has strengthened our balance sheet such that incremental capital expenditures can flow through more accretively than when we had otherwise not had a strengthened balance sheet. All of the incremental capital expenditures are 100% regulated investments. That means they will grow cash from operations. So on the left-hand side of that slide, you'll see cash from operations flow in that will help to support some of the financing costs otherwise. And then also a portion of these investments will hopefully continue to benefit from the provisions established in the IRA as we develop more solar assets and provide additional favorable tax treatment for NiSource and its customers.
Paul Fremont: And for 2024, where within sort of the 14% to 16% FFO to debt, would you land without incremental sort of CapEx?
Shawn Anderson: Well, two quick points on that. First off, we don't see any material incremental CapEx in 2024 from the upside plan at this time, which also means that our 2024 financing plan is materially unchanged in all scenarios. Which again assumes no equity issued in 2024 after closing the NIPSCO minority sale transaction as well as the equity units for marketing transaction, both here and fourth quarter of 2023. Further from that, we've not indicated a point estimate. However, I'd say that all years of our plan are within the 14% to 16% FFO to debt range inclusive of 2023 at the conclusion of those transactions.
Paul Fremont: Okay, great. That’s it. Thank you very much.
Shawn Anderson: Thank you. Appreciate your questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Travis Miller: Thank you. Good morning.
Shawn Anderson: Good morning, Travis.
Travis Miller: You just answered several of my questions on the CapEx, but I'll put one more out there that adding that 2028 at the same level as 2027. Does that still support the 8% to 10% when we get out to that year-over-year 2027, 2028? Or do you need some of that $2 billion to get to that 8% to 10% rate base? Growth in 2028.
Shawn Anderson: Yes, at this point, it does the base plan still supports the 8% to 10% annual rate base growth. And certainly, we'll continue to evaluate potential for more investment if it's out there.
Travis Miller: Okay. So there's enough growth in that 2.9% to 3.2 to support there.
Shawn Anderson: That is -- correct.
Travis Miller: Okay. As part of that financing plan, you have that 10% to 12% total shareholder return. What are your thoughts within that in terms of dividend growth? I know you haven't put it explicitly like you have before, but still at 6% to 7% that growth number?
Shawn Anderson: We'll continue to stay within the 60% to 70% payout ratio, and that's how I would mark the dividend within the 10% to 12% as well as we've assumed a flat PE in our plan just in terms of financing assumptions, we've basically marked our PE in the financing side of things here in October and kept it flat for the duration of the plan.
Travis Miller: Okay. Okay. And then one more. In terms of the financing, we've seen a couple across the industry, a couple of sales, gas sales, utility sales comps here since you guys last were out in the market. What are your thoughts on the valuations there? It appears they might be more attractive than issuing your straight market equity? Is that something you'll consider as part of the financing plan?
Lloyd Yates: So right now, when we look at our financing plan, we look at our investment windows down the road. We don't think we need to exercise any sales with LDCs. We think we can stay within our 14% to 16% FFO to debt. We think we can grow the business 6% to 8% a year and pay a dividend at 67% payout ratio. So we don't see a knee to sell LDCs. We like the scale of the LDCs. We like our jurisdiction. We think they're really constructive, and we think we have a great organic growth plan.
Shawn Anderson: I'll just add to that real briefly that we still believe in this inflationary environment that stakeholders benefit from the scale of the NiSource assets as constructed today. When you look at robust capital visionary environments, we're able to hold O&M flat and take advantage of a lot of investment opportunity, translating that across the scale of our business. And by getting smaller, it does have an impact to customer affordability that we watch and are considerate of.
Travis Miller: Okay, got it. And then one real quick one, is there storage opportunities at the other solar sites that you could add?
Lloyd Yates: So we are actually going through a refresh of the IRP in 2024 and we are evaluating, we know that the IRP indicates that storage would be beneficial to the system and are looking at that within the future plan. And yes, we will evaluate whether or not at the other solar site would be beneficial to ask from.
Travis Miller: Okay, great. Thanks so much. Appreciate the answers.
Lloyd Yates: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aditya Gandhi with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Aditya Gandhi: Hi, good morning, Lloyd, Shawn, Michael. Can you hear me?
Lloyd Yates: Good morning. Loud and clear.
Aditya Gandhi: Good morning. Shawn, just a question for you on the ATM. You mentioned that you're now expecting higher default taxes. Can you just remind us what assumptions you're making around your cash taxpayer status in the plan, please?
Shawn Anderson: Yes, great question. Relative to the prior plan, we've seen a flip in our taxpayer status from the beginning of 2025 to outside of our current plan horizon. This is driven by a host of assumptions associated with the IRA, but predominantly linked to higher ownership of solar assets. So while there's a number of assumptions that link to this, the net impact is less cash utilization for tax payments than previously projected, which enables more capital assets across our plan without incremental equity financing.
Aditya Gandhi: Got it. Got it. Thank you for clarifying that. And my second question is sort of more high level. So when you all came out with your 2022 analyst day plan last year, gas prices were much higher. Those have moved lower. Rates have moved higher since but not try higher. And you've now added $1billion of more CapEx to your plan. There's been good regulatory outcomes and execution on the O&M side as well. Just how do you feel about where you're tracking within your 6% to 8% long-term?
Shawn Anderson: Well, there's no change to the 6% to 8% long-term, we still believe strongly that an annual 6% to 8% OEPS growth range is feasible with this plan, most notably due to the programmatic nature of the investments themselves, how they flow through the regulatory mechanize and then the line of sight we have through trackers and otherwise to be able to recover those accordingly. This plan refresh does incorporate updated guidance around short and long-term interest rates. So it does flow in what we're seeing in the current marketplace. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, sustaining that longer at the plan horizon than previously. All of that's refreshed here as we sit here today. Commodity prices as well are effectively flat.
Lloyd Yates: And I think with those commodity prices and that 6% to 8% EPS growth plan we think we also can effectively manage customer affordability in that realm to the point where we can grow for the very long term as opposed to open the capital and increasing customer rates. We believe that there's a regulatory sensitivity here that we need to manage around customer affordability, and we're very focused on that.
Aditya Gandhi: Got it. Thank you. That’s all I have. Thanks for taking my questions.
Lloyd Yates: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey good morning team. It's Julien Dumoulin-Smith. Not sure what happened there with our dial-in. But good morning, guys. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Look, we wanted to follow up on a couple of items here. First, just look, let's just talk about timing of these various incremental factors here. You talk about these upsides, can we lay out a little bit of the cadence through 2024 and when we could see some of those? I heard you say earlier, IURC on these two incremental projects for conversion to tax credit transferability that's in the first half of the year. Then as we layer in later in the year, you've got a few other pieces, I imagine. As best I understood your comments? And then could we get some updates on the IRP towards the end of the year? I just want to make sure I understand like how these individual data points filter out to getting visibility of that $2 billion. And then if I can, just a further detail on the FFO translation. To the extent that you do get that $400 million uplift here in spend through the pivot away from tax equity. How do you think about the corresponding FFO to debt impact just on tax transferability given the ability to monetize an FFO? Just to clarify that out a little bit, Shawn.
Lloyd Yates: So let's take those one at a time. Michael why don’t you start with the IRP and some of the generation opportunities.
Michael Luhrs: Yes. So with the generation opportunities in the IRP and even when we talk about potential upside associated with the plan, as I mentioned before, we're working through those in a very methodical and disciplined fashion. Later, I already mentioned with Calvary and Dunns Bridge that we expect something from an IURC in the first part of the year. By that point in time, we would expect to have our analysis associated with Fairbanks and Gibson to be complete and ensuring that it's beneficial to customers. So that's -- in that rough time frame, we wouldn't be expecting to see an update on that analysis. We are working through the IRP refresh in 2024, the IRP refresh wouldn't be towards the latter half of the year associated with it. That will include looking at what we need associated with the pipeline for what's already been mentioned around batteries, additional storage at other solar facilities, additional generation that may be needed relative to the plan from what we're seeing in either economic development or low growth in the areas but that would be more towards the latter part of the year.
Lloyd Yates: Okay. Shawn, do you want to talk about the FFO to debt impact?
Shawn Anderson: Yes. I think it's all incorporated Julien, the 14% to 16% annual guidance rate that we've provided around FFO to debt. So the net result of that is associated with higher deferred taxes, lower cash taxes paid and some slight timing around the monetization of these credits. Although we expect the credit to be passed back to customers in full. Therefore, that might be a timing issue more so than it is any one long sustaining benefit to the FFO to debt metric itself. One other change that occurs through the concept of full ownership and the concept of tax equity, we're able to retain the full tax attributes of a portion of those projects, particularly these two projects that we're moving forward with discussions with the IURC upon such that we retain all those tax attributes, our prior modeling, as you would have expected, would have had all those tax attributes delivered to a tax equity partner. So net-net, that provides us additional tax attributes that are beneficial for the plan.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Yes, absolutely. I appreciate it. Well, look. And then PHMSA, just what's the time line there, just to go back to the kind of the cadence of things very quickly. I mean, I know that you guys see these big financial updates, call it, once a year around this time. I just -- is that going to be -- you talked about still having some of this resolved, some of it's still ongoing. That's a next year this time kind of update as well? Just to clarify that last piece.
Lloyd Yates: Yes, I believe by time, we understand the full impact of the PHMSA rule, we'll roll that into next year's financial plan. It is a big role with a lot in terms of -- but I think the focus is making the gas distribution system safer, significant reduction in methane leakage and replacing some of the first-generation piping. So I think we'll understand that better later this year or early next year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Alright, guys. Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Lloyd Yates: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to the NiSource team for closing remarks.
Lloyd Yates: There's two things here. Well, let me close and turn it over to Shawn. And I just want to -- we have a really strong team. We have an organization now excited about a plan that we believe is executable significantly derisked. We have a long tail of investment with an organization focused on operational excellence, customer affordability and effective regulatory and legislative relationships along with great financial discipline. So we're excited about where we're going. And I appreciate your question, Shawn.
Shawn Anderson: Appreciate that. Before concluding our call, I just wanted to share some retirement news that we will release this afternoon. It's a distinct honor for me to announce the intention of Randy Hulen, our Head of Investor Relations and Treasury to retire from NiSource at year-end. As many of you know, Randy has been an integral part of NiSource for nearly three decades. His leadership has been invaluable to this company. It's transformed us from the companies we've been to the premium utility that we are today. And it's without question that he's left a positive mark on NiSource. And we're so fortunate to have had him at the helm and finance over the period of time we have. On a personal level, Randy has contributed tirelessly to the success of the NiSource franchise over his many years of service. And it's without question that NiSource is a stronger company as a result of his leadership in so many capacities I am grateful for all that Randy has done to help shape our organization, particularly in the eyes of our investors. While we will miss Randy's ongoing leadership at NiSource, we are excited to announce that Tchapo Napoe will be joining NiSource as VP of Treasury and Corporate Finance; and Chris Turnure will be elevated the Head of Investor Relations. Both Tchapo and Chris brings a significant amount of industry expertise and experience and will be solid leaders in NiSource going forward. With that, thank you all for joining us today, and have a safe rest of the day.
Operator: I would like to thank our speakers for today's presentation, and thank you all for joining us. This now concludes today's call, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today.  At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2023 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. It's now my pleasure to turn today's call over to Chris Turnure, Director of Investor Relations.
Christopher Turnure: Good morning, and welcome to the NiSource Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Joining me today are President and Chief Executive Officer, Lloyd Yates; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Shawn Anderson; Executive Vice President of Strategy and Risk and Chief Commercial Officer; Michael Luhrs, Executive Vice President and Group President, NiSource Utilities, Melody Birmingham; and Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer, Randy Hulen. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource's financial performance for the second quarter of 2023 as well as provide an update on our operations and growth drivers. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call to your questions. Slides for today's call are available in the Investor Relations section of our website.  We would like to remind you that some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the risk factors and MD&A sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some of the statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP measures. Please refer to the supplemental slides, segment information and full financial schedules for information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Lloyd.
Lloyd Yates: Thanks, Chris. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Hopefully, you've all had a chance to read our second quarter earnings release issued earlier today.  I'll begin on Slide 6 to provide you with an update on our 3 key priorities. First, we are raising our 2023 non-GAAP NOEPS guidance the upper half of $1.54 to $1.60. We are also reaffirming our annual non-GAAP NOEPS growth of 6% to 8% through 2027, an annual rate base growth of 8% to 10%. Meanwhile, our non-tracked O&M target is to remain flat in 2023 as well as throughout the duration of the plan.  We continue building a track record of execution and growth, and our commitment to investors, employees and customers is central to everything we do. Recall our original 2023 NOEPS discrete guidance of $1.50 to $1.57 was introduced at our Investor Day in November. In February, we raised and narrowed our estimate to $1.54 to $1.60, and today, we are again raising to the upper half of this range. In the approximately 9 months since November, our superior operations, regulatory and financing execution have enabled this increase in earnings expectations. For our customers, commodity market conditions have been improving. However, inflation and interest rate headwinds continue to persist. Despite this, we remain focused on delivering value to our customers and highly visible, derisked financial results for our investors.  Second, our leading regulatory execution continued this quarter in both the electric and gas businesses. May was a particularly busy month for our gas distribution business, as the Columbia Gas of Maryland filed a request with the Maryland Public Service Commission, seeking approval to adjust base rates. The request seeks to recover approximately $40 million of capital investment.  Additionally, the Virginia State Corporation Commission approved a settlement among Columbia Gas of Virginia and the parties in its base rate case originally filed in April 2022. The base rate adjustment approval authorizes recovery of approximately $390 million of capital investment. Columbia Gas of Ohio's infrastructure replacement program [indiscernible] rates went into effect in May, initiating the recovery of $360 million of capital investment.  At the electric business, the record is closed in the Northern Indiana Public Service company's electric rate case. We believe the settlement reached back in March represents a balanced outcome for stakeholders, as the company invests billions of dollars in our customers and communities in the state. A final order is anticipated today from the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission with rates anticipated to be effective in steps by September 2023 and March 2024.  At FERC, we received approval for incentives on 2 new MISO electric transmission projects last month, supporting our rate base investment and customer reliability beyond our current financial plan through 2027. Lastly, in June, we announced a definitive agreement to sell a minority stake in NIPSCO to Blackstone Infrastructure Partners.  The transaction strengthens our balance sheet and financial flexibility marks yet another example of NiSource's steadfast execution for stakeholders. More importantly, it enables us to support ongoing investments in Indiana and our 1.3 million electric and gas customers in the state.  Slide 7 details our annual capital expenditures across our 6-state service territory. In a 5-year period, through 2027, we plan to invest $15 billion in our customers and communities.  At Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania, we are currently replacing 21,000 feet of pipe in Fredericktown in Washington County. Nearly half of the small town's residents will have their service lines upgraded, with the remaining customers to be upgraded in the next 2 years. As part of this project, Columbia Gas is converting a low-income housing authority system from a master meter to individual meters, helping to lower the authorities' maintenance obligations. This $6 million project is part of the company's $110 million capital investment in Pennsylvania during the second quarter alone.  NIPSCO remains committed to the gas [indiscernible] plan to extend gas service into rural areas including , Allen and Lake Counties in Northern Indiana. Our major projects in local operating area teams have installed over 24 miles of rural gas main and installed 1,170 new services year-to-date through June as part of this plan.  On the other side of our footprint, crews at Columbia Gas of Maryland are installing new pipe in the city of Cumberland to improve safety by abandoning 3 low-pressure regulator stations, along with abandoning a significant amount of bare steel pipe. This is part of an investment of nearly $8 million of total capital in the state during the second quarter.  Turn to Slide 8. It shows key rate case in select capital rider activity since 2021. Our leading regulatory execution continues with no less than 9 cases filed in 7 jurisdictions across 6 states in the last 3 years. Our state regulatory teams are in a constant cycle of communication and engagement with key intervenors, regulators and customer groups. In addition to general rate cases, regular capital tracker filings allow timely recovery on and of our investments.  All of this activity is built on a foundation of robust economic activity in our states. For example, at NIPSCO, the Northern Indiana Transportation District provides vital transportation links to Chicago and Cook County, Illinois, and is constructing the double-track Northwest Indiana project. The project is anticipated to expand service, improve mobility and accessibility and stimulate job creation for Southern Lake County, and we are in the process of constructing substations to support this major transportation investment in the region. In Ohio, the new Intel chip factory has been under construction since mid-2022 in County on the outskirts of Columbus. It is estimated to be a $20 billion investment in the state, and Intel will be a new Columbia Gas of Ohio customer.  In Virginia, the Norfolk naval shipyard is the Navy's primary East Coast repair, overhaul and modernization facility, and 1 of the 4 public shipyards that play a critical role in maintaining America's fleet. The shipyard is installing a combined heat and power plant expected to be complete later this year that will significantly improve energy security and efficiency, with expected consumption of 1.7 million decatherms annually for Columbia Gas of Virginia.  Customer count across our territories has been growing on average by 0.5% to 1% annually for years, including 2023 to date. Favorable demographic trends have driven inbound migration thanks to a stable and growing manufacturing base, robust utility and nonutility infrastructure and low tax rates in the states we serve.  Turning to another foundational element of value for our 4 million customers, our internal teams continue to advance on all aspects of our operational excellence initiatives. Project Apollo has tracked, generating efficiencies by doing things safer, better, more efficiently and for less cost. One recent example is establishing standard buffer zones around our underground infrastructure to indicate areas where digging can safely occur, especially for third-party excavators. Before instituting a zone, [indiscernible] of being called out to excavation sites to locate underground facilities when it wasn't needed. We've eliminated more than 10,000 unnecessary trips in the last 3 months, allowing more time to be spent on value-added work.  Technology investments are also key to our operational excellence initiative. This year, we began our 5-year, approximately $1 billion transformation, with an initial $300 million investment in SAP and Salesforce technology platform implementation that will standardize work practices and drive efficiencies for our employees to improve service to our customers. All of this is expected to contribute to keeping total customer bill levels and live with inflation over the 5-year financial plan. These achievements would not be possible without our dedicated employees and their commitment to our customers, communities and all NiSource's stakeholders.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Michael Luhrs.
Michael Luhrs: Thank you, Lloyd. I'll begin on Slide 9. NIPSCO's generation transition is continuing to advance as we optimize the new portfolio to benefit customers and retire all coal-fired generation by the end of 2028. Crossroads and Dunns Bridge I solar project advanced to their and are serving customers over the peak summer season. NIPSCO has now placed 4 utility-owned renewable investments into service from the 2018 integrated resource plan process. In total, these 4 projects represent approximately $800 million investment in 870 megawatts of economic, sustainable, 0 fuel cost, new generation for NIPSCO's Northern Indiana customers.  Construction on Calgary Solar Plus Storage and Dunns Bridge II Solar Plus Storage continues. Both projects have expected in service dates in 2024, and we are in the very early stages of construction of the Fairbanks Solar project, which has been expected in service date of mid-2025. Additionally, our work on Indiana Crossroads 2 Wind PPA is advancing and is expected in service late this year.  Today, we are announcing several adjustments to our remaining portfolio of projects address, development challenges and better align the portfolio with recent changes to MISO rules surrounding seasonal capacity constructs.  The first is the conversion of the Gibson PPA project to a build transfer agreement. We have filed a CPCN seeking approval from the IURC, and if approved, this project will replace the Elliott project in our portfolio. Second, we have sought regulatory approval for several recently executed PPAs: Appleseed Solar, Templeton Wind. Finally, the agreement for the Elliott PPA and the Brickyard and Greensboro PPAs have been mutually terminated by NIPSCO and the developers of these projects.  Four key points related to these projects. First, these economical and zero fuel cost resources continue to support customer affordability. Second, these changes support our current coal retirement schedule of all coal retired by the end of 2028. Third, the renewable generation in service by the end of 2025 will continue to consist of 8 build transfer agreements and 6 PPAs. And fourth, the revised portfolio progress is consistent with our current 5-year CapEx rate base financing and other prior commitments to the investment community.  Beyond these projects, our 2021 IRP and 2022 RFP processes laid the groundwork for the balance of projects needed to replace the Michigan City generating station by 2028. NIPSCO is implementing an upgrade at the Sugar Creek gas generating station this year, and we are finalizing our analysis of gas alternatives identified in our 2022 RFP, which we expect to result in a request for a new brownfield project at our Schahfer site. NIPSCO will continue to evaluate further generation portfolio needs, and we will be conducting the triannual integrated resource planning process with stakeholders in 2024. Fuel cost resources reduced customer build volatility and create substantial value for our customers, especially as they experience elevated economy-wide inflation. Since our first project went commercial in late 2020, we have been passing back both excess generation and renewable energy credits revenue to customers from this and subsequent projects. In the second quarter alone, that amount totaled $8.4 million or over $2 per residential customer, for a year-to-date total of $14.6 million.  As we look forward, Slide 10 shows additional CapEx opportunities not included in our financial plan through 2027. Multiple items on this list, both near term and longer term, are progressing well in their evaluation work streams. Prior to the Inflation Reduction Act, we beneficially employed tax equity financing on the 4 owned renewable projects in service to date, and our financial guidance incorporates tax equity financing for the remaining 4 projects in 2024 and 2025. However, given the new pathways for utilizing tax credits included in the IRA, we are evaluating the benefits of direct ownership for each of the remaining 4 build transfer projects, potentially adding incremental CapEx to the plan while enhancing the value for customers as well as portfolio and project flexibility.  We are also working through our long-term investment plans stemming from the proposed rules around the 2020 Federal Act, which will require incremental investment in our system for various leak reduction, safety and other operational requirements. These requirements would build on the investments we have been making on our advanced leak detection and repair program. We will continue to be active in this area to support the best outcome for customers in terms of safety, emissions and infrastructure investment.  These potential and current investments across our electric and gas businesses support our clean energy transition, furthering our Scope 1 emission reduction goals and enhancing customer value in a balanced way. At year-end 2022, NiSource achieved a 67% reduction in Scope 1 GHG emissions from 2005 baseline levels, and we remain on track to achieve an industry-leading 90% reduction in Scope 1 GHG emissions by 2030, and are advancing our goal of net 0 Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2040. At NiSource, we're very proud of our track record of decarbonization and focus on sustainability.  In addition to being named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, we are rated as AAA by MSCI for ESG and have been recognized as 1 of America's Most Responsible Companies for 2023 by Newsweek, and by Ford's Best Employers for Diversity in 2023. Our passion is to create value for our customers and communities through investment in and operation of our electric and gas systems that drive customer benefits in reliability, safety, sustainability and customer offering.  I'll now turn things over to Shawn.
Shawn Anderson: Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. Slide 11 reviews our financial results from the second quarter of this year. Non-GAAP net operating earnings achieved $50.3 million or $0.11 per share compared to $53.9 million or $0.12 per share in the second quarter of 2022. Year-to-date results continue to track in line with our plan. Visibility from constructive regulatory outcomes, completion of financing transactions and execution on O&M initiatives have supported our raising our range to the upper half of the $1.54 to $1.60 range provided. As we indicated last quarter, key regulatory and O&M drivers will continue to build value into our financial results for 2023 as they layer into our actual results across the full year and drive greater impact in the second half of the fiscal year.  Turning to Slide 12, you'll find segment detail and key drivers of our 2Q results. Gas Distribution operating earnings were $120 million in the second quarter, an increase of $39 million versus the same quarter last year. New rates and capital investment programs drove $61 million of incremental revenue, including general rate case contributions in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Indiana, Virginia and Maryland. Capital trackers in Ohio, Kentucky and Virginia positively impacted the segment as well. Non-tracked gas O&M was flat year-over-year.  In the Electric segment, operating earnings were $51 million in the second quarter, a decrease of $22 million versus the same quarter last year. Lower weather-normalized customer usage across all 3 customer classes attributes to this variance and is related to industrial outages and a return to more normal long-term demand in the commercial and residential segments. Higher nontracked O&M was also a headwind, primarily due to the timing of generation maintenance expenses and increased reliability spend related to vegetation management.  And finally, Corporate and Other was favorable by $14 million due primarily to lower benefit and insurance costs and reduced third-party expenditures.  Now I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile on Slide 13. Our debt level as of June 30, 2023 was $12.6 billion, of which $11 billion was long-term debt with a weighted average maturity of 12 years and a weighted average interest rate of 3.9%. At the end of the second quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of $1.8 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization programs.  We remain committed to our current investment-grade credit ratings. I'm happy to share all 3 agencies have reaffirmed NiSource ratings with stable outlooks following their annual reviews and the minority interest announcement.  Slide 14 addresses our financing strategy and credit commitments. In June, we issued $450 million of 10-year notes at 5.4% and an additional $300 million of our March 5-year, 5.25% notes. We plan to use a portion of these proceeds from the sale of the notes to fund our capital plan. As previously indicated, we also plan on completing the equity units transaction launched in 2021 by remarketing the units this fall.  We are reaffirming our long-term financing plan originally disclosed at Investor Day in November. This includes 0 discrete equity issuances through 2027 and 0 ATM equity in 2023 and 2024, and all financing costs are reflected in our earnings growth and credit commitments. This balanced financing plan is anticipated to help us deliver on our 14% to 16% annual FFO debt ratio anticipated for all years of the plan when considering the proceeds of the minority sale. This affords us adequate flexibility to execute on rate base investment opportunities as they arise in any given year.  Central to our financing plan is the sale of a minority stake in NIPSCO. The transaction enables billions of dollars of investment for our customers and communities planned in Indiana over the coming years. It also strengthens our balance sheet and enhances flexibility and diversification from traditional capital markets. Our transaction announcement in June followed a period of capital market headwinds for utilities. Interest rates are generally higher, and utility equity valuations are flat or down as a group since we originally stated our intention to sell the interest in November. We believe our decision to pursue this financing transaction optimized and derisked our cost of capital versus alternative paths.  We are very optimistic about the growing strength of our balance sheet and credit metrics as we look ahead. Supportive rate structures and regulatory activity, coupled with the proceeds coming in later this year from the minority sale and the remarketing of our equity units, position us strongly in the 14% to 16% FFO to debt range.  Later this year, we expect to provide an update and roll forward of our long-term financial commitments. This will enable us to complete our annual planning period and refresh of all of our capital expenditure and regulatory plans as we look forward to 2024 and the outer years of our financial forecast.  Both at NIPSCO and our Columbia Gas operating companies, our customers are core to everything we do. We remain sensitive to the overall inflationary pressures impacting many parts of consumer expenses, even as falling energy commodity prices have helped our customer bills in the first half of this year. Our fuel cost adjustment mechanisms update every quarter, and therefore, quickly begin to pass back savings as prices fall. These have been a critical tool to help our customers during the extreme swings in commodity prices seen over the last 2 years.  Second quarter gas fuel charges on residential customer bills declined $31 million versus the second quarter of 2022. This has translated into an average decline of $6.50 per month for the commodity portion of customer bills across our gas utility businesses. Weather normalization mechanisms also insulate both investors and customers across the [indiscernible] portion of our meters. Residential customers across our Columbia Gas companies benefit from constructs ranging from full straight fixed variable rate design in Ohio to a normalization band in Pennsylvania utilized during heating season, among other mechanisms.  The impact of weather is excluded from our adjusted EPS, however, it's worth noting the actual cash flow impact versus normal in 2Q and year-to-date was only $6 million and $38 million pretax, respectively, or 1% and 3% of our cash flow from operations for those periods.  Scale is another factor we believe can drive greater affordability for our customers. The scale of NiSource's 6 operating companies and its central services operating model supports approximately 4 million customers, and presents opportunities to flatten our operations and maintenance expenditures. And as we grow our customer base across all of our companies, those costs can be shared across the broader base. This also benefits our investors as scale and diversity enable traditional rate base investment flexibility across multiple jurisdictions and multiple energy systems.  Finally, I'd like to conclude where Lloyd started today. We are reiterating our long-term annual non-GAAP NOEPS growth commitment of 6% to 8% through 2027, driven by annual rate base growth of 8% to 10%. We are raising 2023 non-GAAP NOEPS guidance to the upper half of the $1.54 to $1.60 range. This follows our guidance range raising and narrowing in February from our original 2023 guidance range offered last November. This further demonstrates our growing track record of execution, including exceeding our $1.44 to $1.46 guidance range in 2022 with actual NOEPS of $1.47 and exceeding our $1.32 to $1.36 guidance range in 2021 while achieving $1.37.  We remain confident in our plan despite persistent inflationary supply chain and interest rate headwinds. We continue building a track record of execution and growth, and our commitment to our investors, employees and customers is central to everything we do.  Thank you for your support of NiSource. And with that, I'll turn things over to Lloyd for final comments.
Lloyd Yates: Thanks, Shawn. And before we take questions, I'd like to share some late-breaking news with the investor community. We just received an order from the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission for the NIPSCO electric rate case. And upon the initial review, it appears the settlement in the NIPSCO's case has been approved without modification. The team is reviewing the details of the order, and if we see anything different, we'll let you know as soon as possible. And just let me give you a couple of highlights. A revenue increase of $292 million, return on equity of 9.8% and an increase -- rate base increase of slightly over $1.8 billion.  I want to publicly thank the IURC for their diligence in review of this quarter, the team and all the stakeholders that contribute to what we believe is a very balanced solution.  And with that, we'll open the floor for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Lloyd, it's good to see that you guys actually increased your guidance for the year when peers lowered, obviously, this morning. Could we get maybe just share a little bit of what's driving the level of confidence '23, especially with how the key part of the year is still in front of us? And whether there's anything to read into there as we're thinking about the 6% to 8% growth rate?
Lloyd Yates: So I'll let Shawn handle the details. But when you think about the second half of the year, I think the thing to contemplate is all of the great regulatory execution we had, including the from Indiana today, and continue to drive savings by Apollo.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Shawn for details of that comment. Shawn?
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Lloyd. Appreciate the question. Just as Lloyd said, you may observe the track record of success on Slide 8, which demonstrates consistent execution of rate case and [indiscernible] filings across all of our businesses. Most notably, if you bring your attention to Q4 2022 and all of the 2023 outcomes, that specifically gives us enhanced line of sight to regulated revenue drivers across the balance of this year. That's somewhere in the neighborhood of $0.35 per share in total regulatory programs over the second half, which have already been approved or implemented and which will support growth revenues in the second half of the year.  Obviously, we've had some successful execution of financing transactions required to execute the robust capital expenditure program in 2023. Those really have concluded our long-term debt issuances for the year, thus we've got a good line of sight to the interest expense that we're going to be paying for the rest of this year to support capital programs.  Lloyd mentioned Project Apollo. We're definitely seeing some success as those programs are starting to launch here in the middle of this year. That will give us some tailwinds on the O&M front that we can use to enhance performance.  But the other piece I'd note, just simply, we remain confident in the 6% to 8% annual OEPS growth rate through 2027. And again, I'll just take this moment as an opportunity to remind folks, we project that growth rate off of year-end results for each year of the plan. So while we're now targeting the upper half of the current year guidance range, this flows through into the annual 68% NOEPS across the remainder of the plan period.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. Terrific. That's what I was trying to sort of get at. Okay, good. And then the near-term CapEx slide, I think it Slide 10, that could be incremental. I mean, can you just sort of help us size that for us? Even a range and the timing and how we should think about when that could actually hit the plan? Is EEI maybe the right podium to update? Is it year-end results? Like -- how do we think about when we can get additional disclosures there?
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Maybe I'll start, and then I'll pass things to Michael to touch on a couple of components that might be interesting in there.  But we plan to update all the long-term commitments, including growth rate, capital expenditures in that November time frame. So I think you hit the nail on the head. We'll look at all factors and provide as much visibility as we can into our business. As you know, we've got a backlog of identified and high-quality investment opportunities which support system reliability, sustainability, customer service, and our focus is really how can we efficiently access those investments at 1x rate base and convert that into NOEPS for our shareholders. The teams are studying that right now. We're going through that annual planning process. The results of that, we'll be able to share in the November time frame.  But Michael, do you want to hit any interesting ideas on that slide?
Michael Luhrs: The only thing that I'll add to that, Shawn, is we continue to work through the different elements of it. They are progressing well in the work streams of those items, but also in more real terms. When we think about the '22 RFP and the work on that as we finalize it and as we mentioned before, that's going to come back relative to a potential brownfield associated with the site. We already mentioned the 2021 IRP relative to the potential for a new gas . And in addition to that, we continue to evaluate the remaining options in the portfolio that would allow us to meet the commitments that we set associated with the generation transition.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. Got it. And then just lastly for me, Lloyd, maybe just a strategic question, if I may. I mean obviously, you guys executed a fantastic transaction with NIPSCO, so that was good. But I know obviously, some of the local media and some of the banker regs are highlighting maybe NiSource's acquisitive nature as you're thinking about potential deals. Without obviously going into specifics, unless you want to go into specifics, I guess, can you just highlight what your appetite is to grow the business further especially in states that you already operate in?
Lloyd Yates: So that was really a good way to ask that question, Shar. Let me start there. And I don't want to comment on specific details. Of course, like most companies, our policies, we don't comment on market room, of course, specific details.  What I will comment on though is back in November on Investor Day, we laid out what I thought, and I think this team and our Board thinks, is a really, really good plan. We're going to grow our earnings 6% to 8% annually off end of year results, 8% to 10% rate base growth. We put forth a transaction, 19.9% of the NIPSCO utility to strengthen our balance sheet. And what I will tell you is as we did the business review last year, that was the only transaction we contemplated, and we are laser-focused on getting that done. So you mentioned we haven't finished that transaction yet. That transaction is to be finished by the end of this year. We're laser focused on that transaction, investing $15 billion of capital, making sure we operate in an excellent way and growing earnings, and that is where the whole NiSource team is zeroing down on.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. Great. I'm sure someone asked that question in a different way. Appreciate it, guys.
Lloyd Yates: Yours was good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Sunderland with JPMorgan.
Richard Sunderland: Am I coming through clearly?
Lloyd Yates: Yes, you are.
Richard Sunderland: Great. Circling back to the renewables project changes outlined in 1 of the earlier slides there, could you give a little bit more color to the backdrop and process underpinning all of that? I mean, it seems like it worked out in a way effectively neutral to you on ownership versus PPA basis. But just curious if there's anything more you can highlight out of how those changes contemplated became about?
Michael Luhrs: Sure. Happy to do so. Thank you. When we look at it, just to reinforce, I mean we will continue to consist of 8 build transfer agreements and 6 PPAs, and the revised portfolio project is consistent with our current 5-year CapEx rate base financing other prior commitments. But to get a little bit more into your question, we're consistently looking through the portfolio and making sure that we're eliminating risk associated with delivery and providing the best options for customer costs associated with those projects, so we're always looking to optimize them. So as we go through site development and different activities with it, we looked at how to best optimize that portfolio, and that's what you're seeing being done here.  So by doing these projects and the way we've set them up, it gives us a lot of confidence in being able to execute on those plans and deliver those commitments as well as being able to provide the customers the benefits and meet MISO changes as well in the [indiscernible].
Richard Sunderland: Understood. Understood. Very helpful there. And sticking with renewables, but thinking about that Slide 10 with the additional investment opportunities, the ownership uplift asset is under evaluation. Is that an item we expect to have resolved or mapped out in time for the fall update? And anything else that you could point out from the list as a likely candidate for at least an update in that fall outlook provision?
Michael Luhrs: So I would say as we go through the projects and as we continue to provide information with IRC and other parties, we will provide updates to those projects as we go through each stage, just like we did with Gibson and the filing associated with that.  But relative to the full ownership, we're finishing our evaluation of the IRA. And as mentioned before, there are significant benefits with the IRA both in tax policy and the ability to maintain the full ownership, which benefits project and portfolio optimization. This gives the capability to remove administrative burden, complexity as well as to optimize the asset, and we're finishing that analysis now and expect to be able to conclude that. But in doing so, if we look at that right now, our plan assumes tax equity for the remaining 4 projects. If we -- pending regulatory approval, if all 4 were included under full ownership, that would require up to $1 billion in additional CapEx.
Richard Sunderland: Understood. So to be clear, that's $1 billion incremental to the current placeholder under a full ownership scenario. Is that what you're saying?
Michael Luhrs: Yes. So when you look at the current plan, the current plan assumes tax equity if full ownership was done for all 4 projects. Pending any regulatory approvals, it would be up to $1 billion in additional CapEx.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. Got it. And one final quick one for me. Just Project Apollo, as you get further along in the kind of the initial launch here, any new learnings relative to what you laid out in the spring around this initiative? Or anything to highlight in terms of what you're seeing for employees and other stakeholders as you roll this out?
Lloyd Yates: Yes, so thanks for asking that question. I think what we're seeing is employees getting excited and finding better and more ideas for cost savings. I think when you drill down into the organization, employees know what holds them up and getting more work done, and we're getting after it. I think this will be a continuous improvement mindset. We're driving it throughout the company to do things safer, better, faster and more efficiently. But again, this is an employee-driven ideas. It's process driven and we're finding significant savings, and I expect this to continue on for a really long time. In fact, I expect it to start accelerating in 2024 and beyond. But delivering the savings now, looking forward acceleration process next year for even more savings.
Richard Sunderland: Great to hear, and thanks for the time today.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Just -- I apologize -- Yes, Lloyd. Just -- apologize to repeat this, but just could you maybe go through the changes in the renewables program from the prior program? Again, just kind of what has actually changed in terms of adjustments and cancellations?
Lloyd Yates: Michael?
Michael Luhrs: Sure. Happy to do so. So when you look at it, was originally included as the that is being replaced by Gibson, assuming approved by the IURC that was filed. In addition to that, we terminated several PPAs and also added several PPAs, which have been filed with the IURC. So you look at Templeton Wind, Carpenter Wind, Appleseed Solar are all filed with IURC now, and those are really the fundamental changes.  So we had 8 BTAs before. We have 8 BTAs now, it's just Elliott to Gibson. And we have 6 PPAs before, we have 6 PPAs now. And it's Templeton and Carpenter Wind and Appleseed Solar in those versus like Brickyard and Greensboro and Gibson. Those were terminated.
Steven Fleishman: And the three new PPA?
Shawn Anderson: Sorry. Just real quick. The only thing I'd add would be with those changes, the NIPSCO investment forecast of $2 billion to $2.2 billion is unchanged, yes.
Steven Fleishman: Got it. And the new PPAs, have you announced who they're with?
Lloyd Yates: We've done the filings associated with them, and in those filings, I believe that we have said who they are with.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Do you have that just off top of your head, or?
Michael Luhrs: We'll get back to you on that.
Lloyd Yates: Yes. will get back to you with those names.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Overall, the message is same CapEx program, same amount of PPAs, remixing everything. And then obviously, there's this upside opportunity if you're able to use -- not have to use tax equity in terms of [indiscernible]. Okay.
Michael Luhrs: That's correct.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then just the overall IURC support of the program remains strong, like the how much of these are the [indiscernible]? Yes.
Lloyd Yates: The IURC, I think the State of Indiana in general, there's very good support for this renewables program. And I think what drove it, the amount of stakeholder engagement that got done upfront, I think what we're seeing is the benefit of stakeholder engagement with the IURC, the industrial customers, the commercial customers, the legislators. And I think it's been settlement, rate case approval, filings.  So we believe and we continue -- not believe, we know we have very good support from the IURC in the state of Indiana, and we think that we're doing this transition in a way that really makes sense from a clean energy perspective and a reliability perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Look, just wanted to follow up on a few of the last tidbits you guys put out there just on the generation upside you talked about a moment ago.  Just want to clarify this. First off, you've seen incremental load across your service territories. To what extent does that $1 billion upside contemplate that angle as well as any potential shift here in MISO capacity needs? And then in turn, just on the tax equity bit, can you clarify just the status with the credit rating agencies? I know there's been some conversation on that front amongst others out there. If you can update us on that front?
Shawn Anderson: Yes. The first piece of the question, Julien, and this is Shawn. The first piece of the question, the incremental load that you're alluding to is not captured in the $1 billion. Said differently, the 2021 IRP projected capacity requirements and the load necessary for us to serve our communities, and it provided that with the existing footprint of assets that we're currently engaged commercially to construct. Incremental load would be captured in the next IRP and factored into any future generation planning. That next IRP would be 2024, so we would capture that upside as we rerun the scenarios around load factors next year.  And then the second part of your question, we expect that for purposes of calculating FFO, the treatment of tax credit transfers would be consistent with GAAP accounting. That should result in tax credit transfers flowing through the tax line and increasing FFO, and we understand that our credit rating agencies are evaluating that. But that methodology consistent with GAAP accounting seems to track with us, and we'll continue to stay engaged with the credit rating agencies as they continue their evaluation.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. And then, Lloyd, just to come back and open that can again, if we can. Just on the strategic front here, I mean, obviously, the plan is very good as is. Any commentary as to thresholds that you would think to? I mean, obviously, you laid out a pretty stark 1 earlier. Any further commentary on that front? I mean, obviously, you've got a very nice running start here on the [indiscernible].
Lloyd Yates: Right. So we're -- I mean, we're investing $15 billion of capital at 1x rate base. Someone wants to sell us an asset that creates significant shareholder value at less than that, I think the probability of that is really low, but our focus is our plan.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Awesome. All right. Sorry, I'll leave that be. Good luck, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: I just wanted to go back and clarify the tax equity to the $1 billion CapEx upside. So if I follow this correctly, the 8 BATs that you have currently in the plan, there is tax equity in it. And there's a potential with the IRA that tax equity results in $1 billion more CapEx or upside of those -- within those 8 projects. Am I thinking about this correctly?
Michael Luhrs: It would be for the remaining 4 projects of the 8. All 8 projects right now in the plan assume tax equity. So it would be for the remaining 4 projects, Cavalry Solar and Storage, Dunns Bridge II Solar and Storage, Fairbanks and Gibson, pending regulatory approval associated with those that if those projects were under full ownership, it would be up to an incremental $1 billion in CapEx.  And the only thing I'd want to add to that is when we look at them, obviously, from the customer side and the benefits, we're making sure that we do full due diligence on that. And to follow up on the previous question just to make sure I got the mix right, it is next era for Templeton and Appleseed, and Carpenter is EDPR.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Okay. So remaining 4. That makes a lot of sense. And maybe just can you -- Shawn, maybe this is -- maybe you can answer this one, but just -- how should we think about financing of that incremental CapEx? I think at the Investor Day, right, what you laid out was ATM in 2025 and beyond which was 15% equity, 85% debt on growth opportunities. Is that a good rule of thumb still as we think about this incremental $1 billion CapEx? That's part 1 of the question.  And part 2, do you see like depending on the time frame of these projects or potential equity or ATM next year and before the 2025 time frame?
Shawn Anderson: Appreciate the question. So at this point, there's no change to the financing plan we shared at our Investor Day in November. So just to reiterate, this includes no new equity until 2025, no discrete equity issuances to the life of the plan, with ATM maintenance equity beginning towards the latter half of the planned horizon. As we complete the equity units for marketing transaction that we entered into 2021, we'll receive some additional proceeds there. As you know, we received proceeds when we close the transaction with Blackstone. That will provide us a credit cushion relative to the 14% to 16% FFO to debt. We'll be in the 14% to 16% FFO to debt range, but a credit cushion that we could use to apply towards CapEx in 2024 should we need to and should we identify incremental cap opportunities.  What we're currently doing right now is evaluating what those capital opportunities could look like, inclusive of tax equity and how that will create incremental cash flow as you'd expect coming out of our business, and then how that would impact our financing plan throughout the entire horizon. All of that, we expect to be able to step through in the November time frame so it's a bit too early to tell you exactly how that works. But the financing plan itself and the commitments we've made are still consistent with what we made in Investor Day.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ryan Levine with Citi.
Ryan Levine: I appreciate all the details on solar, I guess a couple of follow-ups. What drove the changes for your project portfolio that you outlined? And why make these changes now?
Michael Luhrs: Well, as we go through the projects and we work through just the normal process of developing the projects and develop -- negotiating the agreements, we're always looking as to how to make sure that we're eliminating risk and bringing in the benefits. So on these individual projects, you combine that with also how we're able to provide the best benefit to customers, and that's what fundamentally led to the changes associated with the projects. That had to do with subcomponents associated with whether it be development costs or certain costs associated with the each individual site, and we try to maintain a robust portfolio of development opportunities that enable us to have that flexibility associated with it. We know no plan goes exactly as planned, so therefore, we want to have flexibility in that plan. And really, it's just working through that normal process of project development, construction siting, et cetera.
Ryan Levine: And then what's the time line or milestones you're working on that have a better sense of the related transmission investment opportunity? And when do you think you'll have a better -- some numbers to point to around that uptake?
Michael Luhrs: I'm sorry, can you repeat that? For which opportunity?
Ryan Levine: For the CapEx upside that you identified in your slide?
Michael Luhrs: Yes. So we're continuing to do the analysis associated with the . We know that looking at it that there would be significant additional requirements. We have not laid out a specific timeline associated with those activities yet or what that would mean relative to our CapEx or financial plans. But the team is well engaged, well underway and working through those as well as we're engaged on how those rules are promulgated and what -- and how we can best benefit customers.
Ryan Levine: Think you'll be able to have a plan in next year? Or is this a this year decision point? Or any color you can share around timeline?
Lloyd Yates: I think we're working through that process in November. Whether it be an EEI or via our earnings call, we'll have those plans more formalized and laid out. We'll get them to you as soon as we have them.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question is from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar.
Travis Miller: Just at a high level, if you go back to November and think about the outlook you gave for this year and then forward to today, what's been the biggest surprise? Now you mentioned a couple of different variables. But what's the big surprise that has come about this year that is leading to that higher earnings outlook?
Lloyd Yates: So I would say to you, as I sit in the seat, a little over 1.5 years, more confidence in our ability to execute on the regulatory front. I think that we have just really superior regulatory execution capabilities. As I spend more time on the operating side and look at the cost savings on here,and savings without taking additional risk but really becoming better operational excellence. I'm seeing a lot more momentum gains, so -- and I have confidence in this management team. And we've put this management team in place, we're really working well together. They're probably 1 of the best management teams in the industry, and it's working really well so it's given us more confidence to deliver our earnings to investors. I think we're doing better on the customer side and better in our communities, and our employees like working here better. So I think it's an overall confidence rising across all of NiSource.
Travis Miller: Okay. That's great. And then on the renewable energy and coal retirements, with what you have in the pipeline right now regardless of whether it's PPA or ownership, how much more in your projections are you looking at to be able to execute that full coal retirement, whether it's renewables or some other type of capacity? How much more outside of what you've announced is necessary, do you think?
Michael Luhrs: So we haven't completed the work associated with that. As we mentioned, there's additional CapEx included in the placeholder in the plan. We have significant work done from the 2022 RFP associated with that, which is concluding. But beyond that initial work, we will continue to look at opportunities around a diverse mix of assets that fill that $1 billion of CapEx, which is what we have targeted relative to the retirement of the 2028 [indiscernible].  So work is continuing. We'll have more updates as we go through the next Q, and we're continuing to work the '22 RFP associated with it to finalize that.
Travis Miller: Okay. great. I appreciate it. That's all I had.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello. My name is Chris, and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I’d like to welcome everyone to the Q1 2023 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Chris Turnure, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Chris Turnure: Good morning. And welcome to the NiSource first quarter 2023 investor call. Joining me today are President and Chief Executive Officer, Lloyd Yates; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Shawn Anderson; Executive Vice President of Strategy and Risk and Chief Commercial Officer, Michael Luhrs; Executive Vice President and Group President, NiSource Utilities, Melody Birmingham; and Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer, Randy Hulen. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource’s financial performance for the first quarter of 2023, as well as provide an update on our operations and growth drivers. Following our prepared remarks, we’ll open the call to your questions. Slides for today’s call are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. We would like to remind you that some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the Risk Factors and MD&A sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some of the statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP measures. Please refer to the supplemental slides, segment information and full financial schedules for information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Lloyd.
Lloyd Yates: Thanks, Chris. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Hopefully, you’ve all had a chance to read our first quarter earnings release issued earlier today. I’ll begin on slide seven by reviewing our three key priorities for 2023. First, NiSource remains committed to delivering on our top-tier EPS growth plan. We are reaffirming non-GAAP NOEPS guidance of $1.54 to $1.60 in 2023 and growth of 6% to 8% annually through 2027. Annual rate base growth of 8% to 10% is projected, driven by $15 billion of capital expenditures during the 2023 to 2027 period. Meanwhile, our O&M target is to remain flat in 2023, as well as throughout the duration of the plan. Second, strong regulatory execution continued in the first quarter, advancing balanced outcomes for all our stakeholders. In March, a settlement agreement was filed in Northern Indiana Public Service Company’s electric rate case. The proposed settlement incorporates $1.8 billion of incremental capital investments made on behalf of the customers since 2019, including renewable generation projects, grid modernization and other customer-centric improvements to enhance safety, service and reliability. The settlement represents a $292 million revenue increase. A final order is anticipated in August with rates effective in 2023 and 2024. We Additionally, Gas Distribution and regulatory execution has also advanced with the Columbia Gas of Ohio rate case settlement approval and implementation during the first quarter. The company’s tracked infrastructure replacement programs are executing on plan for 2023 as highlighted by Ohio’s recently approved Infrastructure Replacement Program, authorized a recovery of $36 million of capital investment targeting safety enhancements in our gas system. Lastly, the sale of the NIPSCO minority interest remains on track for 2023. As previously indicated, the proceeds generated from this financing transaction will immediately strengthen our balance sheet and will enable NiSource to draw upon the portfolio of capital investment opportunities to enhance shareholder value while enhancing safety and reliability for our customers. This includes continuing commitments in Indiana, supporting major generation projects, new customer connections and capital enhancements to existing electric and gas infrastructure to add resiliency to our system. We look forward to continuing to serve the State of Indiana in all of our operating service territories for many years to come. Shifting to our generation transition. NiSource has been a leader among U.S. utilities in the speed of our energy transition, advancing one of the largest projected carbon intensity reductions by the end of this decade. NiSource remains focused and committed to an orderly conversation when the energy transition by leveraging energy delivery solutions across diversified systems. Our team continues to work on developing new generation capacity and a collaborative process started in 2018, involving stakeholder groups, including our customers, communities, regulators and policymakers. Michael will touch upon the commercialization process for energy solutions, replacing our core retirements in a moment. The established regulatory constructs that utilize tracked capital investment programs and forward test year rate cases allow our investors a consistent and predictable return on billions of dollars of funding for investment in these critical energy facilities. Indiana’s supportive and constructive regulatory mechanisms have enabled NIPSCO to time the construction of these facilities alongside regulatory plans as contemplated in our proposed rate case settlement, which has enabled NiSource to minimize unnecessary financing expense for our customers and reduce regulatory lag. We continue to be encouraged by the active dialogue on electric reliability, affordability and sustainability in our region. Throughout the last two years of global inflationary pressure, supply chain constraints, policy uncertainty and commodity volatility, we have remained confident in the value of these investments for our customers. These new projects are projected to provide savings consistent with original expectations, while delivering the reliable energy our customers deserve. I’d also like to give you an update on our progress on operational excellence, which continues to prioritize safety, while optimizing our long-term growth profile. We have formally launched Project Apollo, one part of our enterprise-wide transformation effort. Project Apollo contains several initiatives we anticipate driving an annual savings range of $40 million to $60 million beginning in 2023. We expect to share more on the progress of the portfolio of initiatives inside Project Apollo as they advance to drive greater value for stakeholders. Project Apollo fits within our broader focus on operational excellence, safety, O&M management and unlocking efficiencies across our operations, enabling us to streamline work and improve logistics company-wide. Complementary to Project Apollo is our previously announced long-term plan to invest almost $1 billion in proven technologies to change how we plan, schedule and execute work in the field, and how we engage and provide service to our customers. These investments will improve both the customer and employee experience, but are also intended to reduce our overall cost profile. Taken together, these investments and process changes will be critical components of our overall transformation efforts to allow us to maintain flat O&M and be safer and more efficient in everything we do. More importantly, this helps sustain customer affordability with expected total annual rate increases that are in line with inflation. I’d like to recognize our dedicated employees and contractors who worked tirelessly to ensure our communities receive safe and reliable energy during the quarter. In late February, went a storm outlive bought freezing rain and significant ice to Northeast Indiana, impacting distribution switches, lines and tree limbs. Nearly all customers had power restored the next day and work was completed without compromising our safety standards. Now for updates on our electric operations and renewable projects, I’m excited to welcome Michael Luhrs to the NiSource team as Executive Vice President of Strategy and Risk and Chief Commercial Officer. Michael, who has more than 25 years in the utility industry as another level of depth and expertise to our already strong management team. Now, Michael, over to you.
Michael Luhrs: Thank you, Lloyd, and good morning, everyone. On slides nine through 11, you will find some supporting information about our gas and electric operations. As the newly named strategy Risk and Chief Commercial Officer, one of my primary focuses is to optimize and enhance the current growth plan with additional opportunities found on slide eight. Going forward, you’ll hear more from me on these and other investment opportunities, which are enabled by our capabilities in gas and electric. These opportunities support our clean energy transition, as well as improving safety, reliability, furthering our Scope 1 emission reduction goals and enhancing customer value in a balanced way. At year-end 2022, NiSource achieved a 67% reduction in Scope 1 GHG emissions from 2005 baseline levels. And we remain on track to achieve an industry-leading 90% reduction in Scope 1 GHG emissions by 2030 and our goal of net zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2040. NIPSCO’s generation transition is continuing to advance as we optimize the new portfolio to benefit customers and retire all coal-fired generation by the end of 2028. All of the renewable generation projects remain on target with previously revised in-service dates. As a few examples, our first two solar projects, Dunns Bridge 1 and Indiana Crossroads Solar are expected to be in service by the end of the second quarter. Construction on Cavalry Solar Plus Storage and Dunns Bridge 2 Solar Plus Storage has kicked off in earnest with expected in-service dates in 2024. Construction of our Indiana Crossroads 2 Wind PPA is advancing and is expected in service late this year. Additionally, we are finalizing our due diligence on the results of our targeted RFP event that sought bids for the construction of a gas peaking capacity at our Schahfer site, consistent with our 2021 Integrated Resource Plan. We are evaluating the provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act and its applicability to projects in our generation portfolio, including the potential application of tax transferability. We believe the legislation has enabled opportunities to drive greater value to both customers and shareholders. NIPSCO’s generation transition is already providing benefits to customers in multiple ways, including reduced fuel cost volatility and monetizing off-system sales and REC sales. For example, during the run-up in market prices in November and December of last year as a result of winter storms, our wind renewable assets generated nearly 529,000 megawatt hours of low-cost energy, saving customers an estimated $11 million compared to what NIPSCO would have otherwise purchased in the market. In addition, over 2022 and through the first quarter of 2023, NIPSCO’s renewable projects contributed a total of more than $35 million of combined off-system sales and renewable energy credit sales that are being passed back to customers through NIPSCO’s Fuel Adjustment Clause and Regional Transmission Organization Adjustment Tracker filings. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Shawn, who will discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Shawn Anderson: Thanks, Michael, and good morning, everyone. Reviewing our first quarter 2023 results on slide 12. First quarter non-GAAP net operating earnings were $343 million or $0.77 per share, compared to $329 million or $0.75 per share in the first quarter of 2022. This solid start to the year gives me even greater confidence in meeting all of our financial commitments, including our existing earnings guidance range of $1.54 to $1.60 for 2023, which reflects the increase in range shared in February. Slide 13 shows segment detail and key drivers of our results. Gas Distribution operating earnings were $478 million in the first quarter, an increase of $73 million versus the same quarter last year. New rates and capital investment programs drove approximately $83 million of incremental revenue, including general rate case contributions in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Indiana, Virginia and Maryland. Capital trackers in Ohio, Kentucky and Virginia positively impacted the segment as well. These infrastructure trackers help us recover a return from over $1 billion of capital investments made in 2022, which improves safety and reliability across our portfolio and drove nearly 30% of the revenue growth in the Gas Distribution segment. This is tangible evidence of how these mechanisms enable investments in our communities and drive returns for our shareholders. On the expense side, higher outside service and uncollectible accounts were an approximately $4 million headwind. Electric operating earnings were $83 million in the first quarter, a decrease of $16 million versus the same quarter last year. Lower customer usage more than offset the increased revenue from new rates and higher generation-related outside service costs, drive increased O&M expense versus last year. Corporate and other operating earnings increased $12 million, driven partially by lower outside services costs. I would also highlight that on a consolidated basis, the first quarter results reflect lower non-tracked O&M expenses that represent some early progress towards achieving our focus on flat O&M this year. Now I’d like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of March 31, 2023, was $11.6 billion, of which $10.3 billion was long-term debt, with a weighted average maturity of 13 years and a weighted average interest rate of 3.8%. At the end of the first quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of $2.3 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization programs. And as stated in the past, we remain committed to our current investment-grade credit ratings. Slide 14 addresses our financing strategy and credit commitments. We issued a $750 million five-year note at 5.25% in March and we’ll use the proceeds to fund our capital plan. It is likely we will execute another debt issuance later this year to fund our renewables projects. Our financing plan remains unchanged from Investor Day in November, with zero discrete equity issuances through 2027, zero ATM equity usage in 2023 and 2024, and the financing plan is reflected in all our earnings growth and credit commitments. Stepping back to another key area of focus we discussed in November, customer affordability remains a primary consideration for NiSource as we serve our customers. The geographical benefits of the location of our NiSource operating companies have helped stabilize customer bills greatly in the first quarter of 2023, specifically as we observe natural gas prices decline across the broader country and in specific in our operating companies, given their close proximity to robust shale formations in the Midwest. Gas prices have fallen significantly throughout the operating region in the first quarter, averaging $2.65 per MMBtu at NYMEX, far lower than the $5.57 per MMBtu observed in the fourth quarter of 2022. In 2022, commodity costs represent approximately 45% of an average residential customer total bill across our gas business. The nearly 50% reduction in commodity costs across nearly half of an average customer bill will translate into lower bills. Fuel pass-through mechanisms throughout our jurisdictions enable these falling natural gas prices to drive a near-term positive impact on customers. On average, these mechanisms update every 90 days, enabling customers to participate early in these reductions. The rate design leverage by the majority of our gas operating companies also emphasizes non-volumetric charges, which helps reduce bill volatility. We have witnessed this being realized in both an unseasonably warm first quarter of 2023 and a colder than normal 2022. In addition to the benefit this has to enhance build visibility for our customers, it stabilizes NiSource’s working capital needs and its associated interest expense to minimize non-beneficial financial carrying charges. The combination of safe and reliable customer service, strong regulatory execution and diligent financial management, continued to propel a premium business plan for the NiSource operating companies. We’re excited about the progress our teams have made in just the last quarter and the experience and strength of our teams will enhance value creation for all stakeholders as we execute a best-in-class business plan. In both 2021 and 2022, we exceeded our EPS guidance ranges. Last fall, we established our premium 6% to 8% long-term growth plan, while incorporating challenging commodity interest rates and supply chain environments into our plans. Despite this, in February, we raised 2023 EPS guidance and have had a great start to this year in executing our regulatory, operational and financing plans as we just highlighted. All of this gives me greater confidence we can deliver on all of our financial commitments, including the 2023 guidance of $1.54 to $1.60. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We’re now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, guys.
Lloyd Yates: Hey. Good morning.
Shawn Anderson: Good morning, Shahriar.
Shahriar Pourreza: Good morning. Good morning. Just first on NIPSCO. I mean, obviously, Indiana doesn’t require a long approval process, but obviously, sometimes going to be needed between an announcement and transaction closing. Has any -- I guess, has any of your sort of transaction expectations change? There’s a lot of assets for sale, capital market conditions have somewhat changed. Just want to get a sense there and how we should think about the timing and pace of any disclosures between now and year-end? Thanks.
Lloyd Yates: What I’ll say, and I’ll let Shawn is leading the NIPSCO process. But with respect to initial minority sale, I mean, we’re right on target as we laid out at an Investor Day. Shawn, anything -- any more detail?
Shawn Anderson: We remain confident in the process and the minority interest sale process itself is on track for 2023, as Lloyd highlighted. Shahriar, just a quick point. We don’t anticipate a requirement for the transaction approval from the IURC, although we plan to engage the IURC as we already have to discuss the transaction and file an informational update with the IURC once we reach an agreement.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then just maybe the opposite side, Lloyd, there’s a lot of gas LDCs heading the market, which I think seems to be all at the same time, is there sort of an interest there?
Lloyd Yates: Well, I’ll say, as a standard course, we don’t comment on, I’ll say, potential for M&A or market rumors. But as I’ve always said, if something shows up, that’s going to create opportunity will create shareholder value. I mean NiSource will be diligent in taking a look at that. You’ve all heard me say in the past, if someone wants to sell a great jurisdiction at one-time rate base gave us a call. But all that being said, what I’ll say to you is, we’re focused on our plan and we’re laser-focused on a minority sale of NIPSCO and our growth plan that we laid, which includes growing rate base 8% to 10% by investing $15 billion through 2027 and that’s really where our current focus is.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And then just super, lastly for me is, what is we’re kind of thinking about that 6% to 8% annual growth rate through 2027. Can you just maybe remind us what you guys assume even on a percentage basis, what renewable projects are going to be owned versus PPA? And I guess I’m more curious how that calculus could change post IRA. Could we see some more accretive opportunities versus plan? Thanks.
Michael Luhrs: So when we’re looking at -- this is Michael Lower. So when we’re looking at those different projects, I mean, we are on track relative to our revised 2022 plan. We have two in service, two nearing completion and four that are in the late-stage of development and early construction. And I would say post-IRA, as I mentioned earlier, we see potential benefits associated with that. We continue to evaluate it relative to the tax transferability and our NiSource tax appetite, but it does appear to have customer benefits, as well as shareholder benefits.
Lloyd Yates: But we don’t have that into our financial plan yet.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. That’s what I was trying to get at. Thank you so much. Well, I appreciate it guys.
Lloyd Yates: All right.
Operator: The next question is from Richard Sunderland with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Richard Sunderland: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for the time today.
Lloyd Yates: Good morning.
Richard Sunderland: Starting with this…
Shawn Anderson: Good morning, Richard.
Richard Sunderland: Thanks. Starting with this Indiana ROFR legislation, how do you see this impacting your transmission opportunities. Any way to quantify the magnitude of impact here or what you’re focused on now on the back of this? 
Lloyd Yates: One, let me start with, we’re really excited about the ROFR legislation. It got signed by the Governor yesterday in Indiana and we see that as an opportunity for the NIPSCO utility in Indiana, along with the other utilities. But I’ll let Melody, who is President of our Regulated Utilities answer any more detail.
Melody Birmingham: Hi, there. Thanks, Lloyd. This is Melody. Yes. We are excited about the signage of the ROFR legislation. We see this as a great opportunity for our company, as well as our customers, because this legislation will allow us to build, own and operate those transmission assets on our system. So we’re looking forward to being able to engage in doing so as this is something that helps -- this bill helps provide clarity for us to be able to build on and operate transmission.
Lloyd Yates: So, again, upside to our capital plan, you saw on our page -- what’s that page…
Melody Birmingham: Eight.
Lloyd Yates: …on page - on slide eight, some of the potential upside to our capital plan that was transmission build. This will solidify our opportunity to build those, but continue to work with MISO to quantify the magnitude of those opportunities. So that’s upcoming in the future.
Richard Sunderland: Understood. Very clear. And then just one small cleanup question for me. Lloyd, it sounds like the O&M focus and the outlook there is unchanged. Just wanted to briefly address the language on slide four in the slides. It looks like that has changed a little bit, though, around flat O&M in the last slide versus the new language in the 1Q deck. Is that indicative of anything or any change in the backdrop, just wanted to be clear there?
Lloyd Yates: No. I think our focus hasn’t changed at all. We laid out at Investor Day flat O&M through 2027. We’re continuing to focus on that. We instituted a Project Apollo, assembling a team of people. We have a set of initiatives that we’ve established to drive that cost out of the business and we’re on track to accomplish that. So flat through 2027.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. Very clear. Thank you for the time today.
Lloyd Yates: You are welcome.
Operator: The next question is from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey. Good morning, team. Thanks for taking my question. Hey. Just…
Lloyd Yates: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra: Good morning, Lloyd. Just a finer point on the NIPSCO process. Maybe can you just, at a high level, talk about the interest in those assets and has that changed since you sort of announced that process or at least announced the sale at the Analyst Day last year?
Lloyd Yates: Shawn?
Shawn Anderson: Hey, Durgesh. How are you? Good morning. We’ve observed a broad range of qualified buyers, all of which are positioned to help NIPSCO and NiSource realize its strategic goals. We remain confident this is the right audience to help evaluate a partnership with NiSource just as we laid out in November. But we’re also confident this is the process that we’ve launched to a successful outcome this year. So the summary, I think, to your question, Durgesh, is no change.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Thank you. That’s very clear. And then maybe if I can just ask you, Shawn, just in terms of we’ve seen a lot of accretive convert being issued in the market. I know you have a small amount of equity potential equity in the plan 2025 plus any thoughts on that front? Would that be a financing opportunity that you could explore?
Shawn Anderson: Well, first and foremost, just to reiterate, there’s no change to the financing plan, which we shared at our Investor Day in November. And to your point, we don’t see the need for any equity in the plan until no earlier than 2025. Obviously, we’ll evaluate the marketplace between now and then and evaluate what opportunities we have to maximize the greatest value for our shareholders, both minimizing the need for equity and/or minimizing the need for any ancillary interest expense that we would otherwise have as drag. And as I’d say, in the context of evaluating things, we’re considering that 14% to 16% FFO-to-debt range and the opportunities we have to create organic cash flow inside our business can also be an augmentation to drive greater FFO. That’s an area of focus for us, which will also help us minimize financing. So the fundamental point, no change to anything that we’ve laid out since November, but we’ll be active in minimizing financing costs across our business and all avenues.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Thanks, guys, and congrats on all the leadership announcement and Shawn to you on your first call as CFO.
Lloyd Yates: Thank you, Durgesh. Appreciate it very much. Appreciate your support.
Operator: The next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Lloyd Yates: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi. Good morning, team. Hey. Thank you for the time.
Lloyd Yates: Hi. Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Appreciate it. Hey. Look, let me just actually recap a prior question quickly. Just with respect to the M&A commentary earlier, Lloyd, I know you were trying to be a little bit more casual. But geographically, is there an interest in any particular region or any kind of type of asset? I mean, when you think of -- you open up that kind of worms. So I’m just curious if you have any thoughts on what direction or regionally?
Lloyd Yates: I don’t believe I opened up that can of worms. What I believe I said whether we don’t comment on market rumors or M&A and that we are really focused on executing the plan that we laid out on Investor Day, growing rate base 8% to 10% and invested $15 billion in capital across NiSource. On the other hand, what I did say, if someone wants to sell something to us at one-time rate base, give us a call.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. All right. Fair enough. I wanted to put a cap on it. All right. Excellent.
Lloyd Yates: Yeah.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you. And then speaking of other issues discussed, you addressed ROFR, you alluded to the transmission opportunity in the slide. But then if I can pivot back here and talk a little bit more specifically, can you comment about your thought process on other legislation, right? There are a few other things out there as best I can tell that, that could potentially add to your investment and/or risk or derisk your profile in the legislature.
Lloyd Yates: Any specific state you’re interested in talking about in general?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Sorry, Indiana. Sorry. I apologize. I was thinking Indiana. I should have said that, right? I know we addressed the ROFR. There’s a few other things spending. Any thoughts on that?
Lloyd Yates: Melody?
Melody Birmingham: Hi, there, Julien. When it comes to mind is House Bill 1421 and that’s the Natural Gas Generation Bill, I don’t know if that’s one you’re referring to. But prior to this bill, this was signed by the Governor. And so prior to the bill, CPCNs for our natural gas projects had no maximum time for the IRC to issue an order. However, now the order must be issued no later than 240 days after the filing for a CPCN. So that is positive. It provides us, again, more clarity and assurance to receive a bill as we’re trying to move forward with generation. So that’s a positive. But from what I’ve seen, Julien, we have such a healthy regulatory environment in Indiana and we’ve worked with our commission, public staff, as well as stakeholders to make sure we’re doing what’s fast for the utility of our customers in the state. So there may be more to come. But at this time, ROFR is a great bill, a great outcome that will allow us to continue to invest in our transmission system.
Lloyd Yates: And to add on to what Melody said, I think that the legislative environment in Indiana is also really healthy…
Melody Birmingham: It is.
Lloyd Yates: … with respect to utilities, balancing reliability, affordability, clean energy and customer needs. And we like doing business there, we are intimately involved with talking to all of these stakeholders and we think it’s a great place to live and do business.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. All right. I will leave it there. Thank you, guys. We’ll follow up off-line.
Lloyd Yates: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Travis Miller with Morningstar. Your line is open.
Travis Miller: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Lloyd Yates: Good morning.
Shawn Anderson: Good morning, Travis.
Travis Miller: I wonder if you could dig a little more into the weather impact for the quarter. It saw the $32 million. I am wondering if there was any additional and operating revenues and then related, I suppose, what the decoupling or recovery -- weather recovery mechanisms would be across the jurisdictions.
Lloyd Yates: Shawn, why don’t you take that one?
Shawn Anderson: Sure. Sure. Thanks. Hey. Great question. As we experienced, we did experience a drop in heating grid days, which the sector is more broadly realized during the first quarter. And certainly, we watch these weather impacts as we understand how they translate into both bill volatility, up or down for our customers, as well as financing costs in terms of working capital. To your point, weather decoupling mechanisms across our service territories, in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Kentucky and Maryland helped provide some level of cash flow stabilization during these weather volatile moments such as fourth quarter 2022, but also, of course, what we just experienced here in this quarter. The highlight of these mechanisms, just to remind folks, I’m sure you all know, but best-in-class mechanism in Ohio. It’s a straight fixed variable rate design in Ohio, our largest LDC, nearly 1.5 million customers. It provides a complete mitigation on the margin impact for NiSource associated with weather and usage. So all of that is a strong visibility item for us around what revenues we can realize across our service territories when weather goes up or goes down. And again, it also provides better bill stabilization for our customers, particularly for a gas business in the first quarter when bills tend to be higher than usual, it helps to mitigate the overall cost to the customer and provide better line of sight with a higher fixed charge like Ohio has.
Travis Miller: Okay. Is it fair then to say that Indiana weather impacts are in operating revenues, the way to interpret the accounting. Okay. Okay. And then unrelated to that, I am wondering on the settlement in Indiana on the electric side, is there anything in there that you think regulators might push back on that could delay the approval process?
Lloyd Yates: So the answer to that would be generally no. If you look at the history -- our history in Indiana, the Indiana Commission for the most part has approved the settlements that the parties have submitted and we don’t expect to see anything different.
Travis Miller: Okay. Great. I appreciate the time.
Operator: We have no further questions. At this time, I’ll turn it over to Lloyd Yates for any closing remarks.
Lloyd Yates: Appreciate it. Thanks for the questions. Thanks for supporting NiSource. Looking forward to seeing everyone at the AGA Financial Conference. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chris and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q4 2022 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, Chris Turnure, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Chris Turnure: Good day, and welcome to the NiSource Fourth Quarter 2022 Investor Call. Joining me today are Chief Executive Officer, Lloyd Yates; Chief Financial Officer, Donald Brown, Senior Vice President, Strategy and Chief Risk Officer, Shawn Anderson; and Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer, Randy Hulen. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource's financial performance for the fourth quarter of 2022 as well as provide an update on our operations and growth drivers. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call to your questions. Slides for today's call are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. We would like to remind you that some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some of the statements made on the call relate to non-GAAP measures. Please refer to the supplemental slides, segment information and full financial schedules for information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures. I'd now like to turn the call over to Lloyd.
Lloyd Yates: Thanks, Chris. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. By the end of the call, we want to leave you with 3 takeaways of our business and our future. I'd like to reiterate our confidence, progress and focus. Our confidence in our strategic plan and our strong progress in delivering on our commitments. Our progress on our regulatory initiatives, including pursuing a potential settlement in the NIPSCO electric rate case, and our focus on realizing the upside potential beyond our existing plan. We will touch on some of these incremental investment opportunities later in today's presentation. Turning to our performance, 2022 was a year of relentless and consistent execution by our team. Among the keys to our success in 2022 was our comprehensive business review. We believe the goals detailed at our Investor Day are both significant and achievable, and we will measure our progress against our premium utility growth plan each quarter. Our results this quarter and in 2022 were strong and demonstrate that we are off to a great start in the execution of our plan. We delivered earnings above our 2022 guidance and are raising our 2023 guidance. We also grew our dividend 6.4%. We remain on track to drive shareholder value for a compelling 9% to 11% total shareholder return. At Investor's Day, we committed to optimizing our cost profile and enhancing operational efficiency. We are doing it by transforming both our IT systems and the work process of [a support], behind processes and technology of our people, I want to thank each of our employees for their performance throughout 2022 and a deep commitment to serving our customers. Let's turn to Slide 5 of the presentation and take a closer look at our 2022 key achievements. NiSource's 2022 earnings exceeded our guidance range. We delivered $1.47 non-GAAP diluted NOEPS. That's up more than 7% from last year, It reflects our continued investment in safety, reliability, customer affordability and sustainability. Looking to 2023, we've increased our guidance range to $1.54 to $1.60 per share. This reflects our outperformance in 2022 and confidence in 2023 execution. We're reaffirming our expectation of a 6% to 8% annual NOEPS growth through 2027 as well as our annual 8% to 10% rate base growth. Slide 6 illustrates 2023 guidance and our commitment to grow 6% to 8% annually through 2027. Driving this top-tier growth are investments of $15 billion in regulated CapEx from 2023 through 2027. A high-level summary of which you can see on Slide 7. Looking out further, we continue to expect to invest $30 billion from 2023 to 2032. As I alluded to earlier, execution by our regulatory team continues to be a strength. In 2022, we filed 4 rate cases and resolved 3, in Pennsylvania, Maryland, and the Indiana gas case. In addition, the Ohio rate case concluded last month. These cases represent balanced outcomes supporting all stakeholders. Turning to Page 8. We have the following key priorities for 2023. First, continue to enhance our focus on safety and operational excellence. Second, the successful sale of our minority interest in NIPSCO to strengthen our balance sheet. Next, a balanced outcome in the NIPSCO electric rate case, which we will cover in a few moments. Fourth, drive efficiencies to achieve flat O&M spending to enhance customer affordability. These efforts will keep our customer rates sustainable with expected total annual rate increases that are in line with inflation. And finally, our commitment to delivering on our 2023 guidance. These are the priorities that we will keep top of mind throughout the year. On Slide 9, you will see the additional investment opportunities NiSource may pursue in both the near and long term. NiSource's investment opportunities include replacing pre-1985 plastic gas pipes as well as gas transmission replacements and reconfirmations to comply with PHMSA regulation. In addition, electric generation tax credit transferability and advanced gas metering infrastructure also represent attractive opportunities for NiSource in the near term. Beyond 2027, we see the need to add electric generation capacity in the marketplace and to enhance electric grid hardening. NiSource electric long-range transmission projects, elect transportation renewable gas infrastructure and hydrogen production hubs also make up long-term and large-scale projects we will seek to participate in to enhance our investment portfolio and drive greater value for our customers. Now let's turn to Page 10 to review some fourth quarter and recent highlights from gas distribution operations. Columbia Gas of Ohio received an order, except in the settlement in its rate case on January 26. The order includes a revenue increase of $68.2 million net of riders. New rates will be effective on March 1. The settlement in our Pennsylvania rate case was approved in December. It enables continued investments in the replacement of aging pipe and system upgrades needed to ensure service reliability and pipeline safety. New rates went into effect December 17. Finally, Columbia Gas of Maryland received an order in November, approving its rate case settlement. The settlement supports the company's continued investments in infrastructure replacement and system upgrades. Now for updates on our electric operations and renewables projects, I'd like to turn it over to Shawn Anderson.
Shawn Anderson: Thank you, Lloyd, and good morning, everyone. You'll find information about our electric operations on Slide 11. NIPSCO is actively working with stakeholders toward a settlement in its electric rate case, it's first since 2018. New rates are anticipated to take effect in September 2023 with an incremental rate step applied in 2024. Meanwhile, the company remains on track to support a reliable generation portfolio and to retire all coal-fired generation by the end of 2028 with new assets, predominantly wind and solar facilities coming online. All of the renewable generation projects remain on target with previously revised in-service dates. The construction underway at Indiana Crossroads Solar and Dunns Bridge Solar 1 is nearing completion, with both facilities projected to be in service in the first half of 2023. Also under construction, the Indiana Crossroads 2 wind project continues to pace to start of commercial operations by the end of 2023. We have entered into contract amendments for our Dunns Bridge 2, Cavalry and Fairbanks projects to address our previously communicated project completion dates and reflect market pressures on pricing. Both Dunns Bridge 2 and Cavalry projects have begun initial construction with activities ramping into full construction this spring. We continue to evaluate the provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act and its applicability to the projects in our generation portfolio, including the potential application of tax transferability, along with the enhanced tax credits provided for in the act. We believe the legislation has enabled the opportunities to drive greater value to both our customers and shareholders while advancing our remaining projects. It is important to note that the application of all tax credits is analyzed on a project-by-project basis and is impacted by various factors such as capital costs and the expected production of the asset. Meanwhile, NIPSCO is in active commercial negotiations with potential counterparties to fulfill the preferred portfolio outlined in its 2021 integrated resource plan. Project agreements resulting from the all-sources RFP as well as the targeted gas peaking RFP at Schahfer Generating Station are expected to be announced this summer. Additional work continues around capturing direct and indirect funding opportunities from all of the federal legislation passed recently, most notably the nearly $500 billion generated from the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act and the inflation Reduction Act. We have been active in several hydrogen hub proposals across our territory, each of which have received encouragement from the DOE to submit a full application for the regional clean hydrogen hub funding opportunity announcement as designated in the Bipartisan Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act. I'd like to close by confirming we are on track to achieve our industry-leading environmental impact targets, namely a 90% reduction in Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions from 2005 levels by 2030. This progress is consistent with the reductions needed to achieve our goal of net 0 Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2040, which we announced in November. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Donald, who will discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Donald Brown: Thanks, Shawn, and good morning, everyone. Turning to our fourth quarter 2022 results on Slide 13. Fourth quarter non-GAAP net operating earnings were $221 million or $0.50 per share compared to $167 million or $0.39 per share in the fourth quarter of 2021. Full year earnings were $648 million or $1.47 per share compared to $571 million or $1.37 per share in 2021. Taking a closer look at our fourth quarter segment, non-GAAP results on Slide 14. Gas distribution operating earnings were $288 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of $72 million versus the same quarter last year. Operating revenues, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were higher by $66 million, mainly due to new rates resulting from base rate cases and regulatory capital programs. Operating expenses, again, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were lower by $6 million due primarily to lower O&M and other taxes. In our electric segment, non-GAAP operating earnings for the fourth quarter were $68 million, $14 million lower than in the same quarter last year. Operating revenues, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were lower by $4 million, mainly due to slightly lower weather-normalized customer usage. Operating expenses, once again excluding the cost of energy and tracked expenses were higher by $10 million, primarily due to increased depreciation and amortization. Now I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of December 31, 2022, was $11.3 billion, of which $9.6 billion was long-term debt with a weighted average maturity of 14 years and a weighted average interest rate of 3.7%. At the end of the fourth quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of over $1.6 billion. consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization programs. We remain committed to our current investment-grade credit ratings. Slide 16 highlights our financing strategy and credit commitments. We issued a $1 billion 1-year term loan in December and used the proceeds to reduce our commercial paper balances and the loan bridges the gap into our equity unit remarketing in the fall. Our financing plan includes no block or ATM equity issuances in 2023 or 2024. And is consistent with all of our earnings growth and credit commitments through 2027 and remains unchanged from Investor Day in November. I'd like to highlight that the recent drop in natural gas prices directly reduces our customers' bills over time and reduces the natural gas impact on working capital and financing charges. A year in 2022, deferred fuel amounted to roughly 54 basis points of FFO to debt versus 76 basis points at year-end 2021. For some context of the impact of higher gas prices over the last 2 years, at year-end 2020, deferred fuel only had a 6 basis point impact on our FFO to debt. In summary, we reported 2022 EPS of $1.47, exceeding our $1.44 to $1.46 guidance range. We have raised our 2023 guidance to $1.54 to $1.60, an increase of over $0.03 versus our prior midpoint. We're also reiterating our long-term growth commitment of 6% to 8% annual NOEPS growth through 2027. Despite persistent macroeconomic headwinds and volatility, we are advancing key elements of our 5-year plan, and we remain focused on safety, reliability, affordability and sustainability. Before we open up the line to answer your questions, I'd like to reiterate our confidence, progress and focus. Our confidence in our strategic plan and our strong progress in delivering on those commitments. Our progress on our regulatory initiatives, including pursuing a potential settlement in the NIPSCO electric rate case, and our focus on realizing the upside potential beyond our existing plan. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: First question is from Nicholas Campanella with Credit Suisse.
Nicholas Campanella: So I guess just on the NIPSCO rate case and the time line for potential settlement, would you prospectively want to have that done before the March 13 hearings? Or just how do we kind of think about the time line there, if you can move to settlement?
Lloyd Yates: Nick, Lloyd Yates here. So when we think about the NIPSCO rate case, we filed our rebuttal testimony February 16, and we've already started discussions with the various parties on that rate case. I'm optimistic about settling that rate case, I think that you started thinking about time line around February 27, If hearings are starting March 13, I think that the time line is you should expect to see something around the end of February. If things are progressing, we could -- history has been to extend those a week or so to get settlement discussions complete. But I think that's the track we're on right now.
Nicholas Campanella: That's really helpful. And then I guess just on the minority interest sale. Can you kind of just give us a sense, I know in the prepared remarks, you said you're on track. What type of demand are you kind of seeing from either financial or strategics? And then how are you kind of framing the time line for an announcement here? Do you expect to have something by next quarter? Or just any additional color would be helpful.
Lloyd Yates: So Shawn is leading that initiative for the company. I'm going to let Shawn Anderson answer that.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Nick. Appreciate the question. We’ve observed a broad range of qualified partners, which are positioned to help NIPSCO and NiSource realize its strategic goals. We’re confident this is the right audience to evaluate a partnership with NiSource as we laid out in November. And we’re also confident the process we’ve launched will lead us to a successful outcome this year.
Operator: The next question is from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Look, just on -- starting with the CapEx, when you shifted sort of a fair amount of the generation spending from '24 to '23, it looks like you also slightly increased the overall CapEx plan at the same time as sort of the '23 range moved up more than the '24 CapEx reduction, can you maybe just elaborate on this and whether we should treat this as incremental to sort of your overall planning assumptions?
Lloyd Yates: So I would not treat that as incremental. That shift was really for progress payments for our renewable projects, I mean I think our plan is still as is, spending around $3 billion a year in CapEx is what we're committed to. We feel like we can execute that really, really well, but there's no increase in CapEx at all. Those are just progress payments for the projects.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then just a follow up on Nick's question on the GRC. I guess, how are you sort of thinking about the potential for the coal plant cost recovery mechanism to get approved?
Lloyd Yates: So we're in the middle of conversations. There's been some debate about that mechanism. We think that mechanism is really good for customers. As we shut those coal plants down, that cost goes back to customers immediately. We're in conversations with the various parties about how to make that work, I'm optimistic that we can do that because I think that's good for customers, and passing that cost back immediately. But I think those are an integral part of the settlement discussions right now.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Okay. Perfect. And then just real quick, lastly, Donald, I know you sort of mentioned equity, but you threw out the word block in there as well, so just not ATM, but you also mentioned the word block post '25. Is there any reason to believe like you would come to market with block equity, especially post this minority sale?
Donald Brown: No. And let me correct. It certainly didn’t say block. Our financing plan has not changed. It still is that we expect to enter into ATM post 2025. And that’s really to keep us in that 14% to 16%, FFO to debt range, but no blocks planned are expected at this point.
Operator: The next question is from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Team, good morning. Can you hear me okay?
Lloyd Yates: We hear you fine.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Perfect. Sorry. just Donald, thank you for sharing details on the deferred fuel and impact to your credit metrics. But maybe can you talk about the customer bill implications? And when could we sort of see the lower gas prices flow through your customer bills? And I know it's different states are different, but just at a very high level, can you discuss that?
Donald Brown : Yes. No, great question. Certainly, seeing favorable natural gas prices, including today, we're seeing NYMEX March price around $2 or below $2. So that's great impact for our customers. As we look at it, we're expecting probably a 20% to 25% decrease in customer bills, '23 versus 2022. So really good outcome.
Durgesh Chopra: That's super helpful. And then just maybe I just want to switch gears and see if you could give us any additional color on the updated, this is Slide 9 now. I'm on the near-term opportunities on CapEx. Any way that you can size the overall CapEx dollars we are talking about here in terms of your overall capital plan. How should we think about that? Any color you can share there, whether it's increased ownership of the generation assets, AMI, et cetera, et cetera.
Lloyd Yates: Durgesh, we realize -- I mean those opportunities are out there. We don't have a size for those opportunities yet. I think as we get closer to those opportunities and know more about pre-1985 plastic pipe or MISO issue in new transmission opportunities, we'll be able to size it then. But as soon as we can size it, we'll let you guys know about it.
Durgesh Chopra: I understand it. And maybe just 1 quick 1 real quick. On the timing itself, Shawn, at Analyst Day last year, you guys might have suggested a mid-year announcement on the assets, is that still -- on NIPSCO sale, is that still on track? Or we've seen some of your peers were trying to sell some renewable assets shift their time line?
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Thanks for the question. The time line has not changed. We still expect to be able to complete this in 2023. And as you can imagine, we’re still early days in the process itself. So we’ll be able to provide updates along the way when it’s appropriate to do so.
Operator: The next question is from Travis Miller with Morningstar.
Travis Miller: Just following up on that, the idea of the timing on the sale. I imagine you have to get the rate case either settled or concluded before that sale. Is that correct? Is there -- is that a gating factor essentially for making that financing move?
Shawn Anderson: These are really 2 separate processes, and we believe both can proceed as we've laid out today.
Travis Miller: Okay. So not necessarily conclusion on the rate case before you could have a transaction done?
Shawn Anderson: That's correct.
Travis Miller: Okay. And then separately, obviously, some good moves on the gas side. What's your thought in terms of cadence, given the different regulatory mechanisms you have in the CapEx plan in terms of general rate cases or base rate cases at the gas businesses, what's your sense on timing of that going forward.
Donald Brown: Yes, great question. If you look at our history, we're typically in every 2 to 3 years in most jurisdictions. We're actually coming off a pretty heavy year last year where we were in 5 rate cases, Ohio, Indiana, new rates in 2022, Virginia, Kentucky and Maryland. So last year was a pretty heavy year. But if you look at our history, Maryland's almost every year, PA is almost every year, and then other states typically every 2 to 3 years.
Travis Miller: Okay. And that cadence to continue, roughly?
Donald Brown: Yes. We’re evaluating Pennsylvania, but I’d say otherwise, it’s every 2 to 3 years on the other states. .
Operator: The next question is from Ryan Levine with Citi.
Ryan Levine: In your prepared remarks, if I heard correctly, there was some mention of revised contracts for select renewable projects. Can you impact the materiality of these changes and what remaining risks you see from a time line execution standpoint?
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. Appreciate the question. As you can imagine, we're still working through the process. So we still consider these contract amendments confidential. But the 1 thing I'd say is that we will work forward with our partners in the appropriate filings with the commission to move these forward. We're talking about the 4 remaining projects that are not substantively under construction, apart from those that are already in service. The market seeing increases in cost in the 10% to 25% range. What we've seen is consistent with that. And we've also been able to benchmark that off of the most recent RFP in August of 2022. So we feel good about the value proposition that these projects still provide to our customers in Northwest Indiana, and we'll proceed accordingly.
Ryan Levine: And in terms of the time line on Slide 12, you highlighted potential changes to kind of the cadence around execution. Are those amendments reflective of future potential changes in time line? Or could you see further adjustments if it's time lines slow?
Shawn Anderson: No, great question. Let me clarify. The contract amendments that were made are to support the time lines that we disclosed in 2022 and support the time lines that you see on that slide. which placed those remaining projects in service in '24 and '25.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then 1 follow-up on the NIPSCO sale process, have betting rooms been formed? And have you seen any initial rounds of bids, any color you could share around how early in the process you may be?
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Unfortunately, there isn’t additional color I can offer at this time. We’re focused on advancing the process, and we’ll just have to come back with updates around these topics when it’s appropriate to do so.
Operator: The next question is from Richard Sunderland with JPMorgan.
Richard Sunderland : I joined late, so apologies if I missed this earlier. Just curious, what are you seeing on O&M trends coming out of 4Q relative to what you discussed this fall at Analyst Day. And curious if there are any moving pieces here relative to the latest 2023 outlook versus initial.
Lloyd Yates: Richard, this is Lloyd. First of all, I would say we're on track for flat O&M year-over-year. And I'd like to characterize it, we are really developing our O&M muscle. We have something going on at the company called Project Apollo we have outlined various processes and projects that we have teams working on to target doing things safer, better, more efficiently and for lower cost, and we're on track to achieve those.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So just sticking with Richard's question, cost reduction seems to be a focus in the narrative with NIPSCO in the case. How do you think about effectively settling that issue here and how that marries up with the time line that you've articulated here with Project Apollo and wider O&M savings. Again, I'm not trying to ask you to negotiate the settlement on the call here per se, but how does that line up and especially vis-a-vis time line here with some of these efforts that you have underway, you talked about holding it flat for this year in particular. And then I suppose related question following up on the earlier 1 but from Nick is, if you're looking at the next couple of weeks, potentially trying to sell this out, is there anything that you really need to get out there in the record in a hearing context? Or is it all sufficiently hashed out at this point as far as you're concerned?
Lloyd Yates: So let me handle both those questions. Starting with the O&M and the time line. I think that we try to align those with our rate cases, but I think -- our strategy here is any O&M that we can take out of the system that we can lean out of the system on any given day is better for our customers. And our O&M is about keeping customer -- keeping our customers or keeping our rates affordable. So we're not necessarily trying to line that up with rate cases, if it lines up signed, if not I think we're okay too. Ultimately, we're going to this coming out of the system. It's going to be good for customers, and we're going to continue down that path and not try to be cute there. I think when you look at the NIPSCO rate case and if you look at the intervenor testimony, what you see is there's no argument over the capital investments. All the capital investments, the renewable -- primarily renewable projects in Titus, all that's been agreed to. So we're debating over O&M and ROE, which I think is really positive. And typically, when you have that -- when those 2 limited subject matters, you can typically come to some reasonable settlement on those 2 issues. So I think we're in a good spot with respect to the NIPSCO rate case, with respect to the O&M, and I'm optimistic the next 2 weeks are going to pan out real well for all involved stakeholders.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. And then just going back to the related question on the minority asset sale and the equity that Shawn brought up. So given the indications that you see today, I mean I suppose the question is, do you have equity needs in that longer-term period? How do you think about the early indications in the process relative to the beyond 25 balance sheet needs. Again, clearly, you're trying to take out a lot of those cumulative capital needs here with this asset sale. The question is to what extent can you more meaningfully address it?
Donald Brown: Yes. I'd say our financing plan hasn't changed. And as Shawn stated that the process is going as expected. When we get more details that we can communicate on the sale transaction, we'll do that. But no change to the financing plan at this point.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And just lastly here, I heard that you said you reaffirmed the time lines for the various, I believe, the 4 solar projects solar storage project. Just on that point on time line, again, obviously, you're paying to have these on a timely manner. Do you see them as broadly on track, given some of the interconnection issues and given some of the deliverability, I think specifically in the interconnect side here, just curious on your level of covenants on that front.
Shawn Anderson : Yes. As we shared, our projects are all continuing on schedule with the revised in-service dates we updated in 2022, Dunns Bridge 1 and Crossroad Solar specifically at the stage of construction, we’re each are receiving panels on a regular basis to support the in-service dates within the first half of this year. And we’re continuing to work in good faith with our developer partners and all the remaining – all the other remaining projects to advance accordingly.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn it over to Lloyd Yates, Chief Executive Officer, for any closing remarks.
Lloyd Yates: So thank you for your questions. And as we close, I want to reiterate what Donald and I have said about our confidence, progress and focus. Our confidence in our strategic plan and our strong progress in delivering on our commitments. Our progress on our regulatory initiatives, including pursuing a potential settlement in the NIPSCO electric rate case, and our focus on realizing the upside potential beyond our existing plan. I believe the future is bright for NiSource and we’re confident in the execution of the 5-year plan we had unveiled at Investor Day. We appreciate you joining us this morning, and I hope all of you stay safe. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q2 2022 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Chris Turnure, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Christopher Turnure: Good morning, and welcome to the NiSource Second Quarter 2022 Investor Call. Joining me today are Chief Executive Officer, Lloyd Yates; Chief Financial Officer, Donald Brown; Chief Strategy and Risk Officer, Shawn Anderson; Group President, NiSource Utilities, Pablo Vegas; and VP of Investor Relations and Treasurer, Randy Hulen. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource's financial performance for the second quarter of 2022 as well as provide an update on our operations and growth drivers. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call to your questions.  Slides for today's call are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. We would like to remind you that some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements.  Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some of the statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP measures. Please refer to the supplemental slides, segment information and full financial schedule information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Lloyd.
Lloyd Yates: Thanks, Chris. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Hopefully, you've all had a chance to read our second quarter earnings release, which we issued earlier today. In the second quarter, the NiSource team's focus on safety and operational excellence continue to drive our plans for growth and sustainability while providing the reliable service our customers deserve. While the Commerce Department's pause on solar panel tariffs does not restore the original time lines for our renewable generation projects, it does give us more confidence and clarity on the revised project time lines. We expect our renewable investments, along with the flexibility of our mitigation plan to provide the path to meeting our commitment to deliver 7% to 9% compound annual growth and non-GAAP NOEPS from 2021 through 2024.  Let's turn now to Slide 3 and take a closer look at our key takeaways. We are reaffirming our 2022 guidance of $1.42 to $1.48 diluted non-GAAP NOEPS. We are reaffirming our forecast for 7% to 9% compound annual growth rate from 2021 through 2024, including near-term annual growth of 5% to 7% through 2023. Our renewable generation projects remain on track to meet the revised in-service dates we shared last quarter. Retirement dates for our remaining coal generation assets are unchanged since last quarter as well. We continue to make strong progress in our regulatory agenda with a settlement approved in NIPSCO gas rate case and settlement discussions underway in both Ohio and Pennsylvania.  And NiSource posted non-GAAP diluted net operating earnings per share or NOEPS of $0.12 in the second quarter versus $0.13 in the second quarter of last year. Before we move forward, I'd like to briefly cover 2 items. First, our strategic review continues and is progressing very well. This robust process involves our senior management team with a few Board members and explore potential internal and external opportunities to maximize risk-adjusted shareholder value. As we have indicated previously, all strategic scenarios are being benchmarked against a very competitive organic plan. We intend to share the results together with our full long-term growth plan beyond 2024 at Investor Day in November.  Second, we've added Melody Birmingham and Bill Jefferson to our executive leadership team. Both are well-respected and highly experienced. We have also elevated Chief Human Resource Officer, Melanie Berman, to the team. These changes will drive clearer lines of accountability across the organization and excellence in everything we do. I'm excited about our team and the contributions they will make as we move NiSource forward.  Now I'd like to update you on the progress we are making on our regulatory agenda. Let's turn to Slide 10 and the NiSource gas distribution highlights for the second quarter. We received an order from the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission on NIPSCO's gas rate case. It provides a revenue increase of $72 million annually with new rates effective September 2022 and March 2023. This balanced outcome demonstrates a positive path toward continuing investments in essential resources that will support safe operations, upgrading aging infrastructure and enhancing the customer experience.  Columbia Gas, Ohio has requested to reschedule hearings in its rate case until October to facilitate continued settlement discussions. The company has requested an increase of $221 million, net of capital expenditure program and infrastructure replacement program riders. Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania is also in settlement discussions. Its rate case request additional revenues of about $82.2 million, which are intended to further upgrade and replace gas lines for the long-term safety of customers and communities. It also seeks to provide additional energy efficiency options while balancing costs. We are also making progress with our rate case in Virginia. Columbia Gas of Virginia requested an increase in annual revenues of $40.6 million, net of the FA tracker to continue safety and modernization investments.  And finally, Columbia Gas of Maryland filed a rate case on May 13. It seeks to further upgrade and replace portions of the company's underground natural gas distribution pipelines. If approved, the proposed rate adjustments will go into effect at the end of 2022. Now for updates on our electric operations and renewables projects, I'd like to bring in Shawn Anderson. Shawn?
Shawn Anderson: Thank you, Lloyd, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slides 11 and 14. As Lloyd mentioned earlier, the pause on solar panel tariffs provide some clarity regarding the application of tariffs across the solar marketplace, creating some stability in the near-term for the market. This is a positive development to advance our solar projects and to ultimately ensure a diverse, reliable electric generation portfolio with significant environmental benefits stemming from wind and solar resources. As each asset comes online, we continue to grow our percentage of generation attributed to renewable sources.  We continue to firmly believe that this portfolio of projects has delivered and will continue to deliver significant economic benefits to our customers and communities, including less volatile electric generation costs, something that is especially relevant in today's energy commodity environment. As we've reported, the commercial and construction processes associated with the development of our renewable generation projects continue to track in line with our revised in-service dates discussed last quarter. NIPSCO's Indiana Crossroads Solar and Dunns Bridge Solar 1 projects continue to advance with solar panel installation well underway at both projects. We are receiving a steady stream of panel deliveries and we anticipate both entering service in the first half of 2023.  NIPSCO continues to work closely with developer partners of the remaining IURC approved solar projects to refine the time lines and tighten the ranges of in-service dates as each project advances in the development life cycle toward final in-service dates. NiSource remains on track to make capital investments totaling approximately $10 billion during the 2021 to 2024 period. Capital investments for renewable projects of approximately $2 billion are expected primarily between 2022 and 2024, with any remainder expected in 2025.  In total, capital investments are expected to drive compound annual rate base growth of 10% to 12% for each of the company's businesses through 2024. We are also excited to share that we expect NIPSCO to issue an RFP for all sources of capacity resources including renewable generation projects and a targeted RFP for gas peaking units later this month, a refresh of our recent RFP results will provide better market perspective on pricing and availability of resources in line with the preferred pathway outlined in the 2021 NIPSCO Integrated Resource Plan. Plans to retire existing coal-fired generation are unchanged from our discussion last quarter. The Schahfer generating stations remaining 2 coal units are expected to retire by the end of 2025 and with Michigan City Generating Station retiring between 2026 and 2028.  And now I'd like to turn the call over to Donald, who will highlight our financial performance in more detail.
Donald Brown: Thanks, Shawn, and good morning, everyone. As Lloyd mentioned, we've narrowed the timing of our planned Investor Day to November and we're making progress towards sharing a definitive long-term plan for NiSource beyond 2024. As you might imagine, the results of our strategic review, timing of planned solar projects and the RFP, Shawn just mentioned, are significant factors in our planning. I hope all of you will be able to join us as we discuss our path forward.  Turning to our second quarter 2022 results on Slide 4. We had non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $53.9 million or $0.12 per diluted share compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $52.6 million or $0.13 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2021. We have reaffirmed our 2022 guidance of $1.42 to $1.48 and all of our long-term diluted non-GAAP net operating earnings per share growth rates.  Taking a closer look at our second quarter segment non-GAAP results on Slide 5, gas distribution operating earnings were about $81 million for Q2 of 2022, representing an increase of approximately $15 million versus the same quarter last year. Operating revenues, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were higher by approximately $36 million, mainly due to new rates resulting from base rate cases and regulatory capital programs. Operating expenses, again, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were higher by approximately $21 million due primarily to higher employee and depreciation expenses.  In our electric segment, non-GAAP operating earnings for the second quarter were about $73 million, which is about $11 million lower than in the same quarter last year. Second quarter operating revenues, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were higher by approximately $8 million in 2022. This is primarily due to the joint venture revenues offset in expense. This quarter also saw increased capital investment recoveries and customer growth. Operating expenses, once again, excluding the cost of energy and tracked expenses, were approximately $19 million higher than 2021 due primarily to increase joint venture depreciation and amortization as well as joint venture-related operating expenses, both of which are partially offset in revenues.  Now turning to Slide 6, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of June 30, 2022, was about $10.1 billion, of which about $9.6 billion was long-term debt with a weighted average maturity of approximately 14 years and a weighted average interest rate of approximately 3.7%. At the end of the second quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of over $1.6 billion consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization programs. We continue our commitment to retaining our current investment-grade credit ratings.  Late last week, Moody's reaffirmed our ratings and outlook, which now has all 3 agencies reaffirming NiSource's ratings in 2022. Our debt and credit profile continued to represent a solid financial foundation to support our long-term safety and infrastructure investments.  As you can see on Slide 7 and 8, we are continuing the process of making some adjustments to our financial plan to reflect the expected delays in solar generation projects. These potential adjustments will help mitigate the earnings impact of project delays and enable us to maintain our 2024 EPS growth commitment. The long-term visibility of our capital plan and the flexibility in our regulatory mechanisms illustrate the resiliency and strength of our business to maintain all of our commitments, including EPS growth.  Taking a quick look at Slide 9, which highlights our financing plan. There's no change to the overall financing plan, and I'm excited to highlight that on June 10, we successfully executed our first green bond issuance, which was a 30-year bond at 5%. The proceeds for this note are intended to be used for the purchase of our Rosewater and Crossroads wind projects next year. I would also highlight that this balanced financing plan continues to be consistent with all of our earnings growth and credit commitments.  Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We're ready now to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will now take our first question from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Can you hear me?
Lloyd Yates: We hear you.
Shahriar Pourreza: You mentioned in your prepared remarks that the pause on tariffs adds more confidence and clarity but obviously, no change in project timing delays. Maybe just focusing on '23 sort of with the reiterated slides, looks like still a little bit of a near-term growth divot. Any sort of offsetting opportunities that could further mitigate this drag, like maybe incremental O&M savings. So any sense on how we should think about growth as we bridge from '22 to '23?
Donald Brown: Great. I can hit that in terms of earnings. So as we outlined in our -- as we outlined in our Q1 call, what we are doing to mitigate the impact of the solar delays is pulling forward capital into this year and next year to offset some of the impacts of that balanced with some interest savings because of delay in that remaining $0.5 billion of capital and some O&M savings. So we feel like we've got a good plan that mitigates those delays while we continue to negotiate with our developers to understand the timing of these projects. Shawn, any other?
Shawn Anderson: No, that's all. That's all correct. And as we look at the projects, most of those projects we're really looking at a '23, '24 in service date. So we'd have to go back and line that up. So we feel like the rate case outcomes that we could achieve can still stagger in a similar path of revenue that can also be consistent with the plan we had in place before.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. So we shouldn't look at the '23 bar chart where it kind of shows that the tracker investments are slightly trailing the delayed renewable investments. There's a timing issue there. So we shouldn't think about that as being a divot.
Lloyd Yates: That's correct. We expect to mitigate that.
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect. And then, Lloyd, with sort of another quarter now under your belt as a CEO, just want to get a sense on how some of the drivers may have changed since initiating the strategic review process as we think about sort of maybe the LDCs within the portfolio? I guess 1 thing comes to mind is, obviously, we're in a much higher interest rate environment. Is there any other factors we should be thinking about that may have swung your thinking? And are you still seeing serious demand for the LDCs?
Lloyd Yates: So let me answer the second question first, and then we'll go. So we still believe there is serious demand for the LDCs. I think when you talk about -- when we think about our strategic review process, I mean, I always say it's a really robust process. We have -- as I mentioned, senior management and our Board involved -- and we're just weighing that against what we call a pretty robust stand-alone plans. When you look at our stand-alone plans and also inside of our stand-alone plans, we see O&M opportunities inside of NiSource to make it better. We're comparing that to what it would look like to monetize the LDCs to see how we can best finance the growth going forward.  So all those things are on the table, a robust stand-alone plan, but with us working real hard inside to enhance that. We've done some extensive benchmarking. We still see a demand for the LDCs due to some infrastructure funds out there, some big infrastructure funds out there. And we're just comparing those things and we'll come out with decisions in November.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nick Campanella with Credit Suisse.
Nicholas Campanella: So I guess just on inflation Reduction Act potential for minimum tax. Just can you discuss how you're thinking about the impacts to your business if an AMT was implemented? And then maybe just any kind of benefits out of IRA that we should be thinking through as well?
Donald Brown: Yes. Thanks for the question. So as we look at the act, and obviously, it's early, we need to do some more analysis of what it means long-term. But I'd say there's no near-term material impact to our plan to look at the plan and the earnings thresholds. We don't meet the earnings thresholds here in the near-term. And so we still have NOLs through the first half of the decade. Second half of the decade is when we expected the NOLs to expire, we've become a cash taxpayer. That's about also the time that we meet that income threshold. So nothing -- no change to how we were thinking about the business and the tax payment of the business.  Long-term, we do need to really understand this legislation, how it's going to play out. In terms of renewables, long-term, energy efficiency and what potential opportunities that might exist for us in the business.
Nicholas Campanella: Fantastic. Okay. And then I guess just on Ohio. I know the proceedings have been delayed a bit, just primarily because you're working -- you said you're working towards a settlement there. I guess if you have new rates being delayed, are you still comfortable within your '22 guidance range that you gave today? And are there any timing considerations there to better understand?
Lloyd Yates: I'll let Pablo who's President of our Utilities weigh in.
Pablo Vegas: Thanks, Lloyd. And yes, thanks for the question. The -- we did anticipate the potential for more extended settlement set of discussions. This being a case that covers a pretty broad period of time, 14 years in total. A lot of things to work through and want to make sure that everyone has an opportunity to thoroughly understand our positions and that we can thoroughly understand all of theirs. So we do have levers that we can leverage through the back half of this year to try to mitigate some of the timing implications of the delay in the in those discussions. And so we're confident in the guidance range that we're reaffirming today.
Operator: Next, we have Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Maybe just to continue here. You used the word benchmarking a couple of times here. Can you elaborate a little bit more on what exactly you're benchmarking to? I think that was in reference to some of the cost-cutting opportunities and opportunities to enhance your stand-alone plan. Can you elaborate a little bit more? You said you've done extensive benchmarking and you provided that in response to the question earlier, where you also talked about extensive LDC demand. Just talk about like what this benchmarking opportunity holds for you in terms of that organic plan?
Lloyd Yates: So we're still in the middle of it, but -- and I'll let Shawn talk but I'll start it off. We've done an extensive study what I'll say, other low-cost, top-performing gas and electric utilities, and we understand how we perform versus those. We've had a significant -- and then we go, we had a significant focus on improving our safety, our pipeline safety. But going forward, we see some opportunities for enhanced productivity, getting more done, getting more work done with the people we have and possibly displace and getting some of our people to do some of the capital work that we've had contractors to do because we become a lot more efficient on the O&M side.  So I think this drive for efficiencies is a significant opportunity for us. Also, when we think about our technology costs as compared to others, a modernization of our technology system. There's also a significant O&M opportunity for us. And when we look hard at our A&G costs as compared to others, we're a little bit high. So we're working through all those things. We see an opportunity to enhance our plan, and we're going to lay that out for you in the near future. Shawn, do you want to add to that?
Shawn Anderson: No, I'll just expand on a couple of the pieces. I think it applies also to CapEx efficiency and our ability to execute capital, which can create either more capital opportunities, which, of course, is attractive, but also a maximum value across safety, technology, renewables development, all of the different elements that we're trying to support with the businesses that we have on the electric and the gas side.  So by becoming more efficient, it can also create better financial performance, but it also just maximize the value of the work that we do as we operate our system and run our businesses. So each of our businesses have a 10% to 12% rate base opportunity in their horizon and the more that we can become efficient upon that, the better work we can do, the more safe of the system we can run and the maximum value we can get on the recovery of those assets and the values.  I'd also say that it's benchmarking beyond just O&M and CapEx. I think we're studying our ability to be a leader in the decarbonization space, which we are on the electric side. I think we're studying how our overall return to shareholders can be maximized, including our compelling dividend that we offer. I think we're looking at the 7% to 9% and studying what opportunities exist for us to extend that 7% to 9% for a period into the future and how that total shareholder return could look compared to being monetized in a more short-term environment.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Yes. Understood. Compelling here. In fact, just to keep going towards opportunities here, let's just talk about structuring the renewals ownership opportunity in that upcoming RFP. Any thoughts about your own ability to own? And then specifically, in the context of IRA with the Solar PTC and some of these other elements on normalization. To what extent could that actually enable more ownership, given the apples-to-apples economics as well?
Shawn Anderson: A couple of pieces into that question, Julien. Thanks for that. First off, on the RFP itself, it is agnostic to ownership structure. So it's an all-source RFP which is really going to include any dispatchable, semi-dispatchable generation, renewables stand-alone and call in all those projects so that we can then evaluate what those proposals are and how ownership could then be structured thereafter.  We would expect some to be PPAs. We'd expect some to come in with NIPSCO ownership, which, of course, we have the bias for provided we can keep the cost of customer in a reasonable range relative to other alternatives. Contrast that with the Schahfer RFP, which is really targeted for dispatchable Blackstar capable resources at Schahfer on gas peaking units, which is consistent with the plan we rolled out in November of last year. That would really utilize MISO generate replacement interconnections that we would expect to be the owner of as part of that RFP. So I think that in that piece, it's fully implied the ownership for NIPSCO whereas the all-source RFP we'd evaluate the full suite and understand from an affordability standpoint, how NIPSCO could maximize the ownership structure while also delivering a compelling cost to customer in consideration of all other competing projects.  And then I think on the second part of your question, Donald highlighted it. On the legislation itself, just specific to PTC, ITC and transferability, it's still fresh in terms of what that means and how the legislation is formed. So we'll absolutely take a look at the provisions and their applicability to our plan. As you know, our current plan does not contemplate something like this direct pay or transferability. So if we can find a way to utilize these concepts, it's going to help us increase investment and hopefully keep costs down for customers, we'll be a supporter of that.  We need to figure out in the language, if that's possible, given where we're at. And I think we've got some flexibilities on the remaining -- remainder of our projects. but we've got to also keep time lines in mind. They matter greatly to our ability to retire Schahfer by 2025 and making sure that these projects can track in alignment with the scheduled dates that we provided to you today. So as we look further out, it might be applicable for Michigan City's retiring capacity. And of course, that could be a solution as well. But we need to make sure that we consider the legislation, the time horizon to make sure things track to be applicable to the plan we have in the 14 projects that we have approved by the IURC.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes. Fair enough. Okay. Yes. But specifically would help you guys compete versus other RFPs, not just customers receive a lower price, right?
Shawn Anderson: Yes, it's possible. But there are other considerations that we need to evaluate, notably IRS rules for regulated utilities, and we need to make sure everything can comport with an entire structure that can make sense. So a number of considerations we need to see ironed out. We view it as something as a possible upside and let's review the language and see how we can apply it to the projects when it gets formulated.
Operator: The next questions we have come from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: First question on just the weather normal demand trends. I think last quarter and this quarter as well, at least on the industrial side, it seems like on a year-over-year basis, it's been trending down. I don't know if you had already covered this before if there's something that I'm missing, but just more color on those trends when a lot of other parts of the country, it seems like industrial demand has been relatively strong this quarter.
Donald Brown: Insoo, great to hear from you. Certainly, we are seeing some weakness on our industrial sales. As you know, a portion of our customers, our industrial customers in Indiana electric revenues are down because of the steel industry being down a little bit. I'd say that is offset by usage up on both residential and commercial as well as customer growth. So we might be having some short-term weakness on the industrial, but overall, seeing growth on the electric side.  The other item that I just want to make sure everyone understood was a few years ago in the last electric rate case, we did change the tariff to really minimize the impact of electric code on our overall earnings. And so despite the industrials being down somewhat, our overall earnings are not down or not being driven down the cost of the industrials.
Insoo Kim: Got it. I do remember that. Got it. And then when we think about some of that softness in industrials, some of the delays in the solar in '23 to '24 and the pension item where I think disclosed pretty well how you calculate that with the quarter message and all that.  As you Put all that together, I know you reiterated the 5% to 7% on the '23 growth rate, that midpoint at the 6%, all these considered, are you -- you feel like you're still at a point to hit that midpoint at least?
Donald Brown: Yes, absolutely. We build contingencies into our plan, recognizing that there's going to be changes -- potential changes in interest rates and financing costs as well as timing of -- an amount from rate cases. And so absolutely confident in our plan to meet this year's guidance as well as our long-term guidance.
Operator: Next, we have Travis Miller with Morningstar.
Travis Miller: Wonder if you could update your thinking on the NIPSCO base rate filing and timing, especially given how inflation would potentially hit your CapEx or the renewable delays and shifts? Just any thoughts there in terms of timing?
Pablo Vegas: Yes. Travis, this is Pablo. We're still thinking that a case sometime before the end of this year makes sense because if you think about the projects that are already completed and the ones that we have in flight that we expect to go in service next year, the timing for case filed sometime before this end of this year, makes sense to start stepping in those investments into our rate structure. And the way that we have the flexibility in Indiana, Indiana structure with pace is one of the more flexible ones where we can time the kind of project investments completions with extensions out of the test year to try to capture and maximize the time lines that will eventually evolve from the projects that have been delayed.  And so we'll evaluate which can be incorporated into this next rate case in which would have to go into a subsequent. But with the ability to kind of flex the test year in Indiana and then the ability to flex in the step in of rates that align when projects go into construction to service. We still think that a rate case probably sometime before the end of this year makes the most sense. And then we would look to then pick up the balance of any of the projects that fall outside of those test years in a subsequent filing. But we would have the ability to again, timing of those rates going into effect. So that's the overall earnings profile that we'll be discussing would still be able to be achieved.
Travis Miller: Okay. Got it. And then just thinking overall about the customer ability there on the electric side or gas side. How do you see the higher commodity costs from the first half flowing through? Are customers are going to start to see that in their summer bills are more delayed into their winter bills? Just wondering, and I guess that would go to your hedging program also on behalf of customers?
Donald Brown: Yes. So customers are seeing the higher commodity prices in their bills already. We look at kind of year-over-year customer bills are up about 19%, 20% because gas prices really started to increase last summer. Once we look at our fuel adjustment clauses across our jurisdictions, we're typically adjusting -- we can't adjust quarterly, in some cases, and we're trying to balance out our payment of those commodities with adjusting those prices over a 12- or 18-month period. And so we've got some flexibility. But at the same time, we want to make sure that we're managing cash flow appropriately. So customers are seeing the impacts, and it's something that we're paying attention to. Long-term, I think the forecast still continues to show that natural gas prices will go back down to $4, $5 range. But obviously, we've got some higher prices and more volatility in the period.
Operator: Next question comes from Ryan Levine with Citi.
Ryan Levine: Something to touch on the in-flight renewable projects. Where is NiSource in key supply chain queues with these in-flight renewable projects? And how is the company looking to manage the execution at this stage in the process?
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. So to answer your question, we have panels flowing on the 2 projects under construction. So those 2 projects continue to track online with the first half 2023 Horizon 4 in service. And then the remaining 4 projects, if we're talking about the PTAs here, are finalizing the commercial negotiations associated with the supply constructs and what would get them to constructability. So that process is underway right now to ensure that they can continue to hit the deadlines that we've put together on Slide 14.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then are there contingencies that those dates aren't met?
Shawn Anderson: Yes. We've got active dialogue with our developers to understand what those time lines look like, and we continue to refresh those time lines alongside our developers. I'll point to the near-term RFP as well as another opportunity for us to refresh the marketplace and understand outside of the book of the 14 projects that we've contracted for, what else might be available as a potential contingency should that arise.  We still believe strongly that the 14 projects that are being developed are compelling value for our customers. Most notably due to the low cost of energy in 2018, 2019, when those projects were negotiated, but also the value in the CPCNs that are already approved from our regulators and just the immense amount of time and energy from a number of stakeholders. The developer partners, our internal teams or community members to help support the development of those projects.  At this time, we have no delays other than the refreshed deadlines and time lines that we've provided last quarter, and our continued dialogue with our developers have us tracking online with that.
Ryan Levine: And given the time line that you just highlighted, do you expect to address any cost increases for these renewable projects through future GRCs or through the existing CPCN processes?
Shawn Anderson: The build transfer contracts are turnkey, which leaves the construction cost and timing risk really to be borne by the developer counterparties, some level of tariff impacts contemplated with the contracts. So given the circumstances that have happened over the last few months, we're in discussions with our developers to understand that impact to the project. And then any price increase associated with any of the projects would require approval from the IURC either through a CPCN or through a rate case process or a regulatory process. So we'll evaluate each of the projects and their circumstances and decide which path to go should there be increases that require that refresh with our regulators.
Ryan Levine: And then last question for me. You highlighted ongoing negotiations in Pennsylvania or settlement discussions. Any color you could share around the state of that process and path forward?
Pablo Vegas: Yes. Sure, Ryan. This is Pablo. Discussions have been, I think, very constructive. We've seen since in the last -- the case that we settled last year and in the settlement discussions this year, a reasonable tack taken by all the stakeholders. The focus on customer value remains at the front of those discussions, making sure that the economics of the case stay reasonable for all customer classes.  And Pennsylvania continues to be very supportive in our modernization program, wanting us to advance our pipeline replacement program and continue on that safety work. So all around, I'd say those conversations have gone constructively, and we look forward to continue to drive towards the settlement there.
Operator: Your last question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Yes. I appreciate it. I just wanted to close the loop on the ongoing review. And so Lloyd, you mentioned robust review of the extending the core plan and then comparing that to kind of other options with the LDCs and the like. Could you just maybe just to fill the whole slate here. How about any review of options for the whole company relative to that, not just assets?
Lloyd Yates: So that is also a part of the review. I mean, we have reviewed what it looks like for the whole company. If you look at the private equity market there with some of the large infrastructure funds. And we're trying to understand what that looks like as compared to our stand-alone plan. So that is also part of the review that we are doing.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And just -- and then on the stand-alone plan on the kind of core plan and such. I mean, it sounds like -- and I mean this has been true, I think since you got there, there's decent conviction with O&M and the rate base opportunities to potentially sustain the 7% to 9% growth. Is that...
Lloyd Yates: That is it. I mean I'm a firm believer, and I mean our job 1 is to run the business you have as best you can. And then you want to compare that to other opportunities, whether you sell an LDC or selling the whole company, your obligation when you walk in the door is to run the business every day as best you can, safer, better, faster and for lower costs. Look at our plan to do that and how it compares to these other opportunities and do the best you can for your shareholders.  So that's the fundamental base of running the business to me, and that will continue to always have that conviction.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And just since that's the scenario you probably control the most, just again, with the work you've done so far, how are you feeling about the way the stand-alone opportunity is coming together?
Lloyd Yates: I feel very good about them. So I feel very good about it.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Lloyd Yates for closing remarks.
Lloyd Yates: Thank you. Thank you for your questions. And let me close by reiterating a few key takeaways. One, we are reaffirming our 2022 guidance of $1.42 to $1.48 diluted non-GAAP NOEPS, and we are reaffirming our forecast for 7% to 9% on compound annual growth rate from 2021 through 2024, including near-term annual growth of 5% to 7% through 2023.  Second, our renewable generation projects remain on track to meet the revised in-service dates that we shared with you last quarter. We continue to make strong progress in our regulatory agenda with a settlement approved in NIPSCO gas rate case and constructive settlement talks in Ohio, Pennsylvania and Virginia.  And finally, we intend to present NiSource's long-term growth plan at an Investor Day in November. We look forward to seeing you all there. We appreciate you joining us this morning, and please stay safe. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the NiSource First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Chris Turnure, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Chris Turnure: Good morning, and welcome to the NiSource First Quarter 2022 Investor Call. Joining me today are Lloyd Yates, our Chief Executive Officer; Donald Brown, our Chief Financial Officer; Shawn Anderson, our Chief Strategy and Risk Officer; Pablo Vegas, our Chief Operating Officer; and Randy Hulen, our VP of Investor Relations and Treasurer. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource's financial performance for the first quarter of 2022 as well as provide an update on our operations and growth drivers. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call to your questions. Slides for today's call are available on nisource.com. Before turning the call over to Lloyd, Donald and Sean, a quick reminder. Some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some of the statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and segment information, including our full financial schedules available at nisource.com. With all of that out of the way, I would like to turn the call over to Lloyd.
Lloyd Yates: Thanks, Chris. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Hopefully, you have all had a chance to read our first quarter earnings release, which we issued earlier today. NiSource's first quarter showed continued strong execution on our plans for growth and sustainability while providing reliable service to our customers. The resiliency and flexibility of our business plan continues to support our commitment to deliver 7% to 9% compound annual growth in NOEPS, non-GAAP, from 2021 through 2024. First of all, I want to thank the employees and contractors of NiSource for their continued commitment to safely serving our customers. Now let's turn to Slide 3 and take a closer look at our key takeaways. While we are committed to completing our generation transition from coal by 2028, we expect delays in most of the solar and storage projects intended for completion in 2022 and 2023. These are due to the uncertainty hanging over the solar panel market as a result of the Commerce Department investigation. As a result of the projected delays, we now expect to retire the remaining two coal units at SchahferGeneratinon-GAAP Station by the end of 2025. Despite those delays, we are confident in reaffirming our 2022 guidance of $1.42 to $1.48 diluted non-GAAP EPS. And we are reaffirming our forecast for the 7% to 9% compound annual growth rate from 2021 through 2024, including near-term annual growth of 5% to 7% through 2023. We will exercise flexibility in our business plan by pulling forward modernization projects in our gas and electric business and employ O&M expense agility to support our plan. NiSource will host an Investor Day in the fall, where we expect to have more clarity on our business review and solar project completions. We intend to provide you with a definitive long-term plan beyond 2024. We continue to make strong progress in our regulatory agenda with a settlement in NIPSCO gas rate case and new cases filed in Pennsylvania and Virginia. And NiSource posted non-GAAP diluted net operating earnings per share or NOEPS of $0.75 in the first quarter versus $0.77 last year. We have a lot to discuss this morning - few months here at NiSource. I've had the opportunity to meet with employees, leaders, customers, regulators, policymakers and many others. I see some real strength and I also see opportunities for improvement. Here are some areas we will be focusing on: First and foremost, we will continue to focus on enhancing safely. This allows us to provide the best possible service to our customers. We are intent on maintaining our regulatory excellence. We have completed several rate cases in the past year. We have a number of cases pending. Together, they will provide additional visibility underpinning our rate case - rate base growth forecast. We will relentlessly pursue operational excellence across the businesses to ensure safety, reliability and enhanced customer experience and organizational productivity and efficiency. Our focus on these areas will help us build on the core strengths of our business, our investment-driven growth plan and the opportunities we see in the NiSource footprint. Now we want to update you on how the government's solar panel investigation is affecting our renewable generation plan. I would like to turn it over to Shawn Anderson. Shawn.
Shawn Anderson: Thank you, Lloyd, and good morning, everyone. As most of you are aware, the investigation by the U.S. Commerce Department related to the import of solar components from certain countries has brought uncertainty and delays to the solar panel market. We, along with others in the industry, continue to advocate for an expeditious resolution to this investigation. The uncertainty that this investigation has introduced underscores the need for continued development of the domestic clean energy supply chain, which NiSource is very much supportive of. The NiSource team has been in constant contact with our diverse renewable generation developers. We have worked hard to gain a better understanding the potential project delays might have on our plans and are generating portfolio. Our renewable generation plans include 10 solar projects, which are intended to replace the retiring capacity at Schahfer Generating Station, including two projects currently under construction. Indiana Crossroads Solar and Dunns Bridge I broke ground in fourth quarter 2021, we are shifting the anticipated in-service date from the end of 2022 to reflect a mid-2023 targeted date reflective of an anticipated delay associated with the department's investigation. These projects and most of our other solar projects at various stages of the development process are expected to be delayed by approximately six to 18 months from the originally targeted completion across 2022 and 2023. It is important to note that this is a broad time frame given the uncertainty. But ultimately, each project will be impacted differently. And we are working with our developer partners to refine our assessments on the expected impact. Given these delays, we now expect to retire Schahfer's remaining two coal units by the end of 2025. However, we continue to expect Michigan City Generating Station to retire on schedule, between 2026 and 2028. These retirements project NiSource to eliminate all coal-fired generation by 2028 and continue to track toward our targeted 90% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. It is important to underscore the potential unintended consequences for our customers. As we demonstrated in our 2018 and 2021 IRP, the renewable resources we are adding to the portfolio drive significant cost savings to our customers and help insulate them against high commodity and energy prices. Our focus has been to accelerate savings for our customers to benefit from the renewable transition. And delays resulting from this investigation may ultimately delay the timing of when our customers could begin receiving these benefits, especially in the current energy cost inflationary environment. As the investigation relates to our capital investment plan, we believe the primary impact is timing and continue to expect renewable investments to total approximately $2 billion primarily between 2022 and 2024, with any remainder expected in 2025. At the beginning of our discussion today, Lloyd mentioned the flexibility in NiSource's financial plan. And this is where the diversification of our operating companies can support our long-term commitments. We expect to adjust our modernization investments to account for the timing changes in renewable energy project investments, to remain on track to make capital investments totaling approximately $10 billion during the 2021 and 2024 period. These capital investments are expected to drive compound annual base rate growth of 10% to 12% for each of the company's businesses through 2024. Now I would like to turn the call over to Donald, who will discuss our Investor Day and financial performance in more detail.
Donald Brown: Thanks, Shawn, and good morning, everyone. I would like to start with that we have moved the timing to hold an Investor Day event to this fall. We believe shifting the timing of our Investor Day will allow us to gain a clearer line of sight into the solar project timing and provide more details around the business review so that we can provide a definitive long-term plan beyond 2024. During this fall event, we intend to provide an extension to our capital investment and growth plan, a detailed update on our generation transition and ESG profile as well as give you an opportunity to hear from the leaders of our businesses. Now turning to our first quarter 2022 results on Slide 4. We had non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $329 million or $0.75 per diluted share compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $305 million or $0.77 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2021. These first quarter 2022 results represent a solid start to the year. And as Lloyd mentioned a few minutes ago, we have reaffirmed our 2022 guidance of $1.42 to $1.48 and all of our long-term diluted non-GAAP net operating earnings per share growth rates. Taking a closer look at our segment non-GAAP results on Slide 5. Gas Distribution operating earnings were about $405 million for Q1 of 2022, representing an increase of approximately $31 million versus the same quarter last year. Operating revenues, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses, were higher by approximately $66 million mainly due to new rates resulting from base rate cases and regulatory capital programs. Operating expenses, again, net of cost of energy and track expenses were higher by approximately $35 million. In our electric segment, non-GAAP operating earnings for the first quarter were about $99 million, which was about $8 million higher than 2021. Operating revenues, net of the cost of energy and track expenses, increased by approximately $9 million due largely to revenue from regulated investments and other operating expenses were essentially flat to 2021 levels. Now turning to Slide 6. I would like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of March 31 was about $9.8 billion, of which $9.2 billion with long-term debt with a weighted average maturity of approximately 14 years and a weighted average interest rate of approximately 3.7%. At the end of the first quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $1.9 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization programs. We also continue our commitment to retaining our current investment-grade credit ratings. And I would note that Fitch has completed their 2022 annual credit review with no change to our rating or outlook. Our debt and credit profile continue to represent a solid financial foundation to support our long-term safety and infrastructure investments. As you can see on Slide 7 and 8, we are in the process of making some adjustments to our financial plan to reflect expected delays in solar generation projects that will help mitigate the earnings impact of these delays and enable us to maintain our 2024 EPS growth commitment. Both the long-term visibility of our capital plan and the flexibility in our regulatory mechanisms illustrates the resiliency and strength of our business and provides us confidence to maintain all of our commitments, including EPS growth. Taking a quick look at Slide 9, which highlights our financing plan. The only slight change to our financing plan is to extend the potential timing related to the debt financing of the renewable generation investments, which, as we indicated on Slide 8, provides incremental interest savings to mitigate the renewable project delays. Again, this balanced financing plan is consistent with all of our earnings growth and credit commitments. Now I will turn it over to Lloyd, who will discuss our utilities highlights.
Lloyd Yates: Thanks, Donald. Let's look at the NiSource gas distribution highlights for the first quarter, starting on Slide 10. Columbia Gas of Virginia filed a rate case on April 29 to continue with safety and modernization investments. The case seeks an increase in annual revenues of approximately $58 million. Columbia Gas of Ohio is preparing its response to the report from the staff of the Public Utilities Commission - discussion. Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania filed a rate case on March 18. It focuses on upgrading and replacing gas lines for the long-term safety of customers and communities. The case request additional revenues of about $82 million. It also seeks to provide additional energy efficiency options while balancing costs. NIPSCO has filed a proposed settlement in its gas rate case. The agreement will provide a revenue increase of approximately $72 million annually. In addition to infrastructure modernization, the proposal would enable NIPSCO to continue to serve customers with a safe, reliable supply of natural gas while remaining in compliance with state and federal safety requirements. NIPSCO also filed a petition on April 1, seeking approval of federally mandated pipeline safety costs, including nearly $229 million of capital cost and about $34 million of operating and maintenance programs. In addition, I would like to mention that NiSource has joined the Coalition for Renewable Natural Gas. We believe natural gas infrastructure will play an important role in America's energy future, potentially carrying renewable natural gas as well as other low carbon fuels such as hydrogen. As NiSource explores opportunities to further decarbonize its natural gas system, its local distribution companies are pursuing programs that will allow customers to reduce the carbon intensity of their natural gas usage due to renewable natural gas and carbon offsets. Regulatory filings seeking approval of these programs are underway in Pennsylvania and Virginia, similar to NIPSCO Green Power rate program that has been in place for several years. Let's turn now to our electric operations on Slide 11. Analysis continues on new generation investments resulting from the 2021 Integrated Resource Plan. NIPSCO filed a petition with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission seeking approval of NIPSCO's federally mandated cost for remediation of the coal combustion residual ash pond at Michigan City Generating Station. We will be removing coal combustion residuals and replacing them with clean fill. The federally mandated costs include a total estimate $40 million of retirement costs. Before we take your questions, I would like to highlight our safety progress. Safety continues to be the foundation of everything we do at NiSource. To give stakeholders a view of our strategy and achievements, we have published our inaugural annual sales report. Highlights include our risk management and continuous improvement activities, continued safety investments and technology integration to enhance safety. The report is available on the NiSource website, and I will encourage everyone to take a look. One very significant item in the report is the launch of the natural gas safety management system collaboratives, an effort among safety-focused energy companies. Its aim is to drive progress and maturity of safety management systems at member companies. NiSource will benefit from sharing information and learning from the experiences of others. I want to thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest and support of NiSource. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Nicholas Campanella from Credit Suisse.
Nicholas Campanella: Lots of good detail in the deck. I guess just to kick it off, on the $1 billion of renewable investments in service by 2023, I know you talked about the six month to 13-month window. Can you just kind of give us a little bit more detail on what's giving you confidence in being able to get these projects done in the 2023 window? I guess just the risk would be that the $1 billion will slip to $24 billion. And are these 2023 projects just on that six month side of the window - of the six to 13-month window or just - what can you kind of tell us there?
Lloyd Yates: [indiscernible] that, Shawn.
Shawn Anderson: Thanks, Lloyd. Appreciate that. Nick, I appreciate the question. So first off, I think you said six to 13. I just want to make sure it is clear. We have - are projecting a 6- to 18-month delay at this time for all projects. It will vary by project. And to your point, the reasons that we might see a different duration of delay for the projects that are currently under construction are because we began the construction process for those projects in 2021. And they're simply further along in the process to have a better understanding of the timing to complete despite the disruption that we have witnessed more recently. So for these projects, we are comfortable advancing them to completion given the compelling economics. And they provide great line of sight to what it would take to complete at this point. The team is very active in that process. For the 2023 projects or the other projects, we simply haven't started the construction process yet, which gives us the ability to assess the impacts of the tariffs and the timing associated with the investigation to better inform what the time lines might be. And to your other point, with the $1 billion, we have got approximately $400 million of that already constructed and operational. Those are operating assets today. Likewise, we see low risk in the transmission-related projects, which is another $150 million of high confidence projects.  So the projects that are limited in scope here to the DOC investigated risks are just those two projects that amount for the balance of the $1 billion, so that $440 million on the two projects currently under construction. I would also note as well, we do have wind projects that wouldn't be subject to the same DOC-related risk. Some operational, of course, also included without a delay in 2023.
Nicholas Campanella: So it is really just - to clarify, it is really just the $400 million to $500 million that is in this 6- to 18-month delay window in terms of 2023 capital?
Shawn Anderson: No. It is $440 million associated with the two existing projects that are going to continue construction during the conclusion of this investigation. The delays could also apply to the balance of projects, meaning most of our projects could experience a delay of six to 18 months. We would need clarity from the investigation to better inform the duration of delay associated with all of the other projects.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. That is helpful. I appreciate that. And then I guess just a question for Lloyd on strategy. You have been in the seat for a few months now. Last call, you kind of talked about being open to buying and selling assets. Just how has your kind of thinking evolved at all here? If you could just update us, please?
Lloyd Yates: So we are still in the midst of our strategic business review. We have a group of senior executives in the company and Board members. And we are walking down a specific process to do those evaluations. We haven't outlined in terms - in a time line we are operating on. And I expect to reveal that information in the fall when we do our Investor Day.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Lloyd, let me just fine-tune the prior question. Just as far as strategy and the Analyst Day, curious since it was pushed off from, obviously, the [indiscernible] this month until the fall. Are you going to be in a position to actually announce some strategic moves of the utilities, meaning transactions with defined closing dates or would you just sort of highlight which utilities could be under a strategic review and that you'll continue to update us as time goes on? So maybe taking the playbook from one of your Texas peers.
Lloyd Yates: I've not - up along in the process to determine that right now, Shar, of specifically what I'm going to announce. I think that - I think the question you are getting at, will we have answers in the fall? And the answer to that will be yes. I'm not going to foreshadow announcing any kind of transactions or anything on this phone call. Now what I want to foreshadow is we will have answers in the fall. And we expect definitive announcements in terms of where we are taking the business.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. That is helpful. And then just one more on the prior question is just on sort of the DOC investigations. I mean hopefully, we will get a proposed decision in August. But then there is going to be a 150-day common period. So I mean you can actually have some pricing uncertainty that will carry beyond sort of what you guys are thinking. So what's the level of confidence that when you guys have the Analyst Day, are you going to have enough information to be able to provide a longer-term CapEx number? And we don't see incremental projects kind of being shifted out?
Lloyd Yates: I will start it, and I will turn it over to Shawn. I think by the time we get to Investor Day, we are running different scenarios and alternatives in our integrated resource plan. And those scenarios and alternatives do include further delay on this commerce investigation. Now we have, I will say, a diverse set of utilities with significant modernization projects and other capital opportunities that we believe we can pull forward and continue to execute our plan until this investigation is done. But Shawn, do you want to weigh on anything else there?
Shawn Anderson: Thanks, Lloyed. Appreciate it. Shar, thanks for the question. I think that at a minimum, I would expect we would have a range or an idea of where the projects could potentially grow, if you will. Although I would say that anything that DOC can do to help refine and narrow the scope would be helpful for us to understand how it could possibly apply to our specific projects. What seems to be unique about this investigation is that it can be very component specific and how it is applied and thus how it impacts your specific supply chain. So it is hard to look at a headline, so to speak, and then apply it directly to your situation. You really have to look at things on a project-by-project basis, how it is financed - you are in the queue on some of these projects, like Dunns 1 and Indiana Crossroads, So I think our focus for the next few months is going to be understanding from our developer partners the range of outcomes that could grow and also look to the Department of Commerce to hopefully refine the scope of the investigation to help us better inform the very answer to your question.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Got it. And then just real quick, lastly for me is Slide 8, you guys show sort of the impacts of the delayed renewable investment and how you are able to pull forward, track CapEx and sort of other investments in 2022 and 2023 to help offset the impact in 2024, right? But you also do kind of highlight that sort of that annual CapEx timing and amounts can shift. So if we are sort of thinking about your 7% to 9% CAGR, are you now kind of more back-end loaded? So we should be modeling maybe bottom end in the near term? I guess how do we think about the shaping in light of the CapEx shuffling? The delays seem a little bit more impactful versus what you can track forward.
Lloyd Yates: No, I wouldn't do any shaping of that. You think about our capital programs and the tracker mechanisms we have got in place. It really does allow us to get earnings and cash flows on average about 12 months after we make those investments. We will start that in 2022 and go into 2023. And so it really does support our annual guidance as well as our long-term CAGR.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Sunderland from JPMorgan.
Richard Sunderland: Maybe turning to the Schahfer update. Do you need any approvals, whether MISO or Indiana, on the extension there? Are there any EPA implications with the change in the retirement?
Lloyd Yates: I will turn it to Shawn for specifics. But we do not need any specific EPA approvals to move that retirement day on Schahfer.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. That is right, Lloyd. And we have begun discussions with key stakeholders, including MISO, the IURC and - as well as our team there to understand the ramifications with that.
Richard Sunderland: Understood. And then you have talked about timing around the renewables CapEx. But just curious on the cost side if you are seeing any potential ramifications here. I know you reiterated the $2 billion, but just thinking about the risk maybe as you move further out. Any considerations or thoughts there?
Lloyd Yates: I think, yes. The answer is that we do - I mean - especially around labor costs on some of these projects. I mean just like the rest of the world, I mean everybody is seeing inflation everywhere. So just like the labor cost on these projects are going up. I mean still price or our commodity, natural gas, and the overall price of energy. So I think when you think about investing, and we are continuing to invest in renewable projects, I think you have to look at it holistically and understand how that compares with the price increases on other forms of energy and decide which ones you want to continue to invest in to provide reliable service to customers.
Donald Brown: I would say as a follow-up. It is too early as we are in the process. We are working with our developers for us to update any estimates on the individual projects. As we get more clarity and negotiate and work with those developers, we will update the amounts as appropriate - appropriate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller from Morningstar.
Travis Miller: Just wanted to be crystal clear here. These are anticipated or potential delays on those projects, right? Or have you actually heard from suppliers that they won't be able to deliver on those projects? Just want to be sure I understand that.
Lloyd Yates: That is the question are you asking - these are about projects that we have started that Shawn mentioned, that started in 2021 or the projects that have not started at all? [indiscernible] that question.
Travis Miller: Yes, the ones that haven't. That is the $440 million that you are referring to, right?
Lloyd Yates: That is correct.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. The projects that have not begun the construction process, to your point, are projected delays of six to 18 months. And that is the updated in-service date that we are estimating on the slide in the supplemental materials. The projects currently under construction is our best line of sight to what it would take to conclude construction and have those become COD. So those would be a little bit more definitive in the terms of how the delay would impact an in-service date in contrast to the ones that haven't begun the construction process and are still just estimated.
Travis Miller: Okay. So something were to resolve quickly around just any of this uncertainty, it is possible that you'd still be on track for the CapEx budget that you have laid out before.
Shawn Anderson: Yes.
Travis Miller: Okay. Great. I just want to clarify that. And second, just thinking about where gas prices have gone and your cadence of rate increases and rate filings. Any thoughts on how customer bill might impact - I know you have got the two rate cases going here. But any future - either later this year or next year [indiscernible].
Lloyd Yates: Thanks for asking that question. And we are always thinking about customer rate impact customer bill. I think part of this is we try and put CapEx in the system to drive value for customers. We are also trying to drive productivity and efficiency to offset some of those customer increases. But I mean, in answer to your question, we are thinking about customer bill impact and continuously having a conversation with the regulators about what that means.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Lee from Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: Can you guys hear me okay?
Lloyd Yates: Yes, Brian.
Insoo Kim: Apologies. This is Insoo. I don't know why my colleagues -- on the call, but it is Insoo here. My first question is on your commentary on how the solar installs in the shape for retirement fit at one on the original time line would have helped meaningfully lower customer bills. Now that it is delayed and with the plan that you have laid out in place to replace some of that CapEx with other items as well as O&M., just how confident are you that the customer bill impact from this revised plan won't face potential regulatory hurdles? I know part of that is supported by tracker-related CapEx. But just wanted to see your confidence - color and confidence that the 2024 earnings power should remain unchanged?
Lloyd Yates: Pablo, why don't you take that?
Pablo Vegas: Yes. Insoo, great question. And I would say that - I would point to the kind of the diverse portfolio across the companies that we are going to be leveraging. So it wouldn't necessarily fall fully in the Indiana jurisdiction, where we would be making investments to help pull forward some of those capital opportunities. So we would be spreading that to the extent that we can across our companies where we have those investment needs and we have got the capacity to do that. So that would help to moderate the impact on any one customer group. And then of course, we will continue to look for opportunities to refine efficiencies and productivity savings across all the jurisdictions to help offset that as well.
Insoo Kim: Okay. Got it. That is helpful. My second question, just looking at the quarterly results, unless I missed something, it seems like on the gas O&M side, there was a meaningful - a decent amount of increase there. And I think you have laid out on the supplemental forms the labor materials inflation. I don't know if that was more directed towards gasoline, and I didn't see it really on electric. But is there anything on the gas side that was having more of an inflationary impact? And just related to that, how - just commentary on how you think you'll be able to manage that and be at the - at least the middle of that 22% guidance range for the year?
Lloyd Yates: Yes. So I will start that and Pablo or Donald can weigh in. When we look at our gas business, especially this winter, we had a very challenging winter. And when you do gas work, you are doing a lot of digging in the ground and you are dealing with weather incidents. Your productivity levels are typically not where you need them to be. The ground is harder, a lot harder to get to some of our lakes. Over time, as the weather clears up, we expect to get those productivity gains back. So I think it is more of a weather issue that we can turn around here in the near term. Pablo?
Pablo Vegas: Yes. I agree with that. It is been kind of - it is been extremely wet start to the season, which delays some of our construction work, which then puts folks working on other types of compliance and operations work that shifts that capital on that mix a bit. So we saw that shift happen in the first quarter. expect to see that shift back and have the ability with the work out there to make up that difference as we look at the balance of 2022.
Shawn Anderson: And then a follow-up on inflation. We are seeing higher inflation in materials and fleet and some outside services. We are seeing ranges of 6% to 10% this year. We are actively managing that and looking to lock in some multiyear contracts so that we can limit those increases, at least have predictability around those increases. However, I will go back to all of this is included in our guidance for this year and our long-term plan. So we are comfortable with our guidance. We are uncomfortable with the expenses we are seeing. But we are also actively managing going back to thinking about long-term customer affordability of our programs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So maybe just to kick things off a little bit here. Going back to that last question on the 6% to 10% cost inflation. What metric were you quoting there on that 6% to 10%? But more germane, if I can, the real question I wanted to throw on there was, can you touch on your cost reduction measures specifically in NiSource? What are the costs that are being pulled out against the backdrop of that inflationary environment? And maybe to be more specific, are these sustainable cost-cutting measures on the $0.03 to $0.04? Or are they more onetime-ish in nature? And what is - what kind of latitude are you seeing given this inflationary environment to potentially lean in and find more than $0.03 to $0.04 of opportunity here as we look at the business to more than offset some of these impacts.
Lloyd Yates: Yes. So you have got a couple of parts to your question. So the first question was around inflation, what we are seeing. So we are tracking each, I would say, category of spend across the business, electric and gas, looking at year-over-year impacts, looking at contracts and - to really understand what we are seeing and how to best manage those. So that is where we are seeing kind of the six to 10 across certain categories. In some places, it is flat because we have got multiyear contracts already in place but certainly seeing some inflation there. Other question, I think, you were referring to the $0.04 to $0.05 in 2024. We have got line of sight to that. And we think about both from a, I would say, NiSource Next, to your point. Those would be costs that would go out over time and to get back to - and Pablo's point around productivity. NiSource Next really is designed to increase productivity across our business, especially in the field. And so that is the long-term savings. But certainly, we have got levers on a year-over-year basis to ensure that we are hitting our targets. So it is really all of the above.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just to clarify that, $0.03 to $0.04 from the slides here on the O&M, and that is an ongoing savings opportunity. But we still got to wait for what you guys have to say in the fall here for more?
Donald Brown: That is right. Yes. That is right.
Lloyd Yates: So part of this is we are developing, I will say, an O&M agility methodology. As we build our O&M budgets every year, we will have a plus or minus 2% agility in there that we can flex. And then the other part, as Donald talked about, with NiSource Next and gaining productivity is more structural, focused on continuously building more productivity and efficiency into the business as we go along. And we will have more detail and follow on that on both of those.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Excellent. And then just super quick, if I can, on Ohio. I know that that is in flight here. But can you discuss a little bit more specifically the delta between your ask and SaaS rec? Obviously, there is some obvious ones. But as a percent of ASC as well, can you reconcile that a little bit more - even more critically? Not looking to front run of the rebuttal here, but what is the opportunity to potentially address some of these discrepancies here more formally?
Pablo Vegas: Julien, this is Pablo. So I will say, first off, we have had and expect to continue to have constructive regulatory outcomes in Ohio over the last many years between our capital expenditure program and our IRP programs. And so we are working constructively on this issue as well. So certainly, the staff report and the delta between our application and their recommendation is meaningful. We are taking the opportunity since we have seen that report to help clarify some of the elements inside of ours. And so some of the specific elements are certainly O&M assumptions. There are some plant in-service assumptions that are - drive some differences. And there are some liabilities and items along those lines on environmental and such that we are working on. So we are working to clarify where we think some of the differences have been. We think that will, in our response to their staff reporting our rebuttal, which we are going to file this week still. We will have an opportunity to do that. And then we are going to file supplemental testimony by Friday of next week. And during that time, we are going to also work to initiate settlement discussions. So we still fully expect that a settlement as possible. We will be working towards that. We think that there is a reasonable settlement out there that is going to benefit all of the stakeholders in this. And we are going to be tracking towards that, Julien.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Thanks for the details that you provided this morning on the solar issue and offsets and such. So one question following up on the cost, if there are cost increases for the projects, can you give more clarity of how the relationship is between your developer partners and yourself in terms of who's kind of on the hook for cost increases? Is it - yes.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Steve, this is Shawn. So the cost of the project itself on the build transfer agreement is fully contracted for at a known price. The cost increases themselves are on the side of the developer to construct those projects. To the extent that tariffs are applied, we'd have to evaluate what the application of those tariffs are to understand that cost pressure and risk and where that lives.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. So it is not clear where the tariffs - if it is tariff-related, who's kind of got to deal with that issue?
Shawn Anderson: That is correct. Okay.
Steven Fleishman: And is it - are the contracts consistent? Or do they vary on that topic?
Shawn Anderson: Each contract is unique, Steve. But certainly, there are some components that are consistent. That particular element has - the entire construct itself and how it is financed can vary and would come into consideration. So I would describe it as each project - each contract is unique. But the application of that itself, we'd have to evaluate as the project steps closer.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And I know you just announced this today, but the idea that you - an investigation is causing delays in solar projects, forcing you to extend the life of a coal plant. It seems like kind of a meaningful policy issue for the same administration that is actually doing this investigation? I know it seems like it is been so far a very technical process. But just what kind of - there is obviously a political aspect to this. I'm just curious kind of if you are getting any sense whether that is resonating at all or not.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Steve, I mean I would highlight, as I did in my comments that we are disappointed that a disruption in the solar chain is going to constitute potential delays for customers to realize benefits and some cost certainty related to fuel price volatility. That is the premise by which these projects really were born. And it is disappointing that, that might occur. That said, we are optimistic the Department of Commerce can work expeditiously to provide some refinements in its investigation that can enable these projects to move through as quickly as possible. At the core of what we do, it is about reliability for our customers and the communities we serve. And that is a critical component that we are focused on, which is part of what Schahfer can deliver and has delivered for many years, which is part of the decision that we have laid out here today. But we are optimistic that even with recent refinements the DOC has provided, it can give us enough information to get clarity through the conversations with our developers to advance our specific projects as expeditiously as practical to get to, I think, what you alluded to, which is really a lower cost energy solution with more price certainty for customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Levine from Citigroup.
Ryan Levine: If there are any cost overruns for solar that NiSource is responsible for, can you speak to the recovery mechanisms for these cost overruns? And if the delays trigger any legal rights for the company with these counterparties on these projects? And then somewhat related, given the announced delay expectations, how are you looking at these delays impacting financing plans as it relates to the ATM and other sources of funds? I think you had a footnote in your side on that front.
Shawn Anderson: I think the first part of your question, I think it is too early to speculate on if the tariffs would be applied, how it would be, what the circumstances would be. By nature, the CPCNs give us the regulatory approval to move forward with these projects. We'd address that a cost variance from the projects that would be different than the existing CPCNs through the regulatory process with the IURC. So I think the question on that front end is addressed through the regulatory process itself with the IURC against the existing CPCNs to move forward.
Ryan Levine: But let me ask a clarifying question. When you talk about cost overruns, you mean the cost is - general cost overruns on the project or cost overruns just with respect to the tariffs? Which question are you asking?
Ryan Levine: We are the first, but it is both - play.
Lloyd Yates: So I think when you talk about general cost overruns, I think those are covered in the contract with the developer. With respect to the tariffs, I don't think - those were contemplated in the contracts. Therefore, we have to work with the developer and/or the regulator to decide who bears that risk.
Donald Brown: P And with regards to the financing plan, certainly, we expect that if there is delays it is going to impact - it is going to delay the - any debt financing that we do on the projects. That is where we expect we'd see some savings from deferring some of that debt issuance. As regards to - with regard to ATM, no changes to our financing plan now. You see the ranges that we have got outlined here. Certainly, no ATM in 2023 is possible. And that is certainly taking into account the - both our overall business as well as those renewable projects.
Ryan Levine: And then one unrelated question for Lloyd with the business review process. Are there certain areas of the review that has been decided to evaluate more comprehensively? And is that part of the reason for the delay in timing of the Analyst Day? Any color you could share that would be appreciated.
Lloyd Yates: Allow me to be clear, I was never - the delay in the Investor Day is primarily focused on the delay in the solar project. I was never - I didn't believe I would be finished to review by May or spring Investor Day. I think the level of review that we are taking, looking hard at just each of the utilities, how they contribute to the overall business, where our corporate services are, what productivity looks like in the organization, how we benchmark, all of that is ongoing. And it just so happens, I believe, in that targeted making sure that we are finished in the fall in conjunction with these projects so that we can give what I will call a comprehensive review of strategy of NiSource in terms of how we will grow after 2024.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Lloyd Yates, our CEO, I will turn the call back over to you for some closing remarks.
Lloyd Yates: So first of all, thank you for your questions. I would like to close by reiterating a few key takeaways. One, NiSource expects the Commerce Department solar panel investigation to delay solar projects. We are developing and implementing a mitigation plan to maintain our 2024 growth commitments. We are reaffirming our 2022 guidance of $1.42 to $1.48 diluted non-GAAP in EPS. We are reaffirming our forecast for 7% to 9% compound annual growth rate from 2021 through 2024, including near-term annual growth of 5% to 7% through 2023. We continue to make strong progress in our regulatory agenda with a settlement in NIPSCO gas rate case and new cases filed in Pennsylvania and Virginia. And NiSource will host the Investor Day in the fall. We intend to provide you with a definitive long-term plan beyond 2024. Thank you. We appreciate you joining us this morning.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Brent, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q4 2021 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It's now my pleasure to turn today's call over to Mr. Chris Turnure, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Christopher Turnure: Good morning, and welcome to the NiSource Fourth Quarter 2021 Investor Call. Joining me today are Lloyd Yates, our Chief Executive Officer; Donald Brown, our Chief Financial Officer; Shawn Anderson, our Chief Strategy and Risk Officer; Pablo Vegas, our Chief Operating Officer; and Randy Hulen, our VP of Investor Relations and Treasurer.  The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource's financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year of 2021 as well as provide an update on our operations and growth drivers. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call to your questions. Slides for today's call are available on nisource.com.  Before turning the call over to Lloyd, Donald and Shawn, a quick reminder. Some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A section and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings.  Additionally, some of the statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and segment information, including our full financial schedules, also available at nisource.com.  With all of that out of the way, I'd like to turn the call over to Lloyd.
Lloyd Yates: Thanks, Chris. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before we get started, I'd like to take a few moments to thank Joe Hamrock, my predecessor as President and CEO, for his outstanding service to NiSource. Joe retired last week as part of a long-planned transition. I'm grateful for Joe's leadership and his decade of service to this company. He left NiSource in a strong position poised for years of growth and success. We send him our best wishes as he begins the next chapter of his life.  I expect to build on the significant progress NiSource has made in the past year, including our strategic initiatives. NiSource Next, Safety Management System and Your Energy, Your Future, are transitioned to the future of energy. I want to take a step back and remind everyone of our mission, that is of NiSource being a great place to work where we are all relentlessly focused on safety, operational excellence, the customers' experience and delivering on our commitments to shareholders, as we did in 2021.  Our strategic initiatives are what will enable us to achieve our mission of being relentless champions of safety, comfort and service for our customers, and it will help set us up for long-term success. In short, these initiatives are all about people.  Our plans for investment-driven, long-term and sustainable growth remain on track. We continue to expect these plans to drive industry-leading compound growth of 7% to 9% in diluted net operating earnings per share through 2024. My experience in the past 2 years as the Board of Directors has given me unique insights for executing and extending NiSource's growth plan. I plan to conduct a review of the business with the goal of ensuring that we are best positioned to drive long-term value for all stakeholders. And I look forward to further discussing our strategic initiatives with our employees and with shareholders in the coming months.  Now let's start our discussion. Hopefully, you've all had a chance to read our fourth quarter earnings release, which we issued earlier today. As we look at NiSource results in 2021, we see strong financial and operational performance across key areas of the business. Advancing execution on our portfolio of renewable generation investments is matched by significant progress on regulatory initiatives across all our states. We are enhancing safety, providing customers with new ways to do business with us and moving forward on our plan to reduce Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions 90% by 2030 versus 2005 levels.  Let's now turn to Slide 3 and take a closer look at our key takeaways. I mentioned earlier our CEO succession. In addition to Joe's retirement, Sondra Barbour and Cassandra Lee, joined the NiSource Board of Directors. The additions of Sondra and Cassandra further strengthened the leadership, experience, diversity and talent on the NiSource Board.  Shifting to full year 2021 results. We exceeded both our original and updated guidance ranges. We reported earnings of $1.37 non-GAAP diluted net operating earnings per share or NOEPS. We are reaffirming our 2022 guidance of $1.42 to $1.48 diluted NOEPS non-GAAP, and we are reaffirming our forecast for 7% to 9% compound annual growth rate from 2021 through 2024, including near-term annual growth of 5% to 7% through 2023.  In 2022, we expect $2.4 billion to $2.7 billion in capital expenditures as we continue to execute our core infrastructure programs and our renewable generation plans. The preferred plan from NIPSCO's 2021 Integrated Resource Plan, or IRP, advances our intention to retire all coal-fired generations between 2026 and 2028. Opportunities for additional generation investments will be better understood, and we continue to analyze the results of the proposals received in the IRP process.  We received final orders in gas rate cases in Pennsylvania, Kentucky and Maryland, which provide balanced outcomes for all stakeholders. Ohio's case continues to advance towards a third quarter implementation, and NIPSCO's gas case is in constructive settlement discussions. Another key regulatory outcome is NIPSCO's electric TDSIC order, representing $1.6 billion of investments in safety, reliability and improved customer service.  Before we get into our specific NiSource utility highlights, I'd like to take a moment to call out our safety progress in 2021. NiSource has reached important safety milestones. They include substantially completing the installation of automated shutoff valves on our low-pressure gas systems. We also expanded deployment of Picarro advanced leak detection technology. We successfully completed Stage 1 of its certification of our Safety Management System by Lloyd's Register. And we bought an additional resources to strengthen our quality management system capabilities across all of our companies. I'm excited to say we expect to issue our very first annual sales report at about the same time as our annual report. I would encourage you to read more about our progress.  Now let's take a look at some NiSource gas distribution highlights for the fourth quarter, starting on Slide 9. The Columbia Gas of Ohio rate case continues to progress on schedule. The filing request an annual revenue increase $221 million, net of the trackers being rolled into base rates, which support continued investments in safety and reliability. We received an order approving a settlement in the Columbia Gas of Kentucky rate case. The settlement supports continued investments in safety and infrastructure replacement and includes an overall increase in revenues of approximately $18 million.  In Maryland, we received a final order from the Public Service Commission. The order includes a revenue increase of approximately $2.4 million.  The Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission approved our rate case settlement as filed. It provides a revenue increase of $58.5 million, and new rates went into effect in late December. The settlement continues our program of infrastructure modernization, deploying safety and reliability.  We are engaged in constructive settlement discussions in NIPSCO's gas rate case. The case is focused on infrastructure modernization and providing safe, reliable service while remaining in compliance with state and federal nature requirements. If approved, new rates would take effect between September of this year and March of 2023.  Let's turn now to our electric operations on Slide 10. As noted earlier, NIPSCO's Electric TDSIC plan received final approval in December from the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission, or IURC. This is a 5-year $1.6 billion program, which includes newly identified projects aimed at enhancing service and reliability for customers as well as some previously identified projects.  The other items on this slide relate to our renewable generation strategy, and I'll turn it over to Shawn Anderson to give more detail.
Shawn Anderson: Thank you, Lloyd. The preferred plan from NIPSCO's 2021 IRP confirmed the retirement of the last coal-fired generation unit at Michigan City as well as 2 vintage gas peaking units at the Schahfer Generating Station site and advance the window for these retirements to occur between 2026 and 2028. To support reliable generation when these units retire, enhancements to our portfolio will require replacement capacity from technology, including solar, stand-alone battery storage and natural gas taking resources. We estimate that the new investments of up to $750 million will be required to support the retirement of our last coal fired units.  As we evaluate the actual projects required to support these portfolio additions, we are evaluating all forms of technology, bid through the RFP process launched in May. We continue to analyze these proposals and complete due diligence on these projects available, which align with the preferred plan identified back in November.  We expect to be able to share the results of our analysis during the first half of 2022. Meanwhile, we are making steady progress on the execution and construction of renewable generation projects resulting from NIPSCO's 2018 IRP. We continue to expect to invest $2 billion in renewable generation by the end of 2023 to replace the retiring capacity at Schahfer.  Our most recent project to come online and begin operations is Indiana Crossroads I, a 302-megawatt wind facility, which entered service in December. This project joins the Rosewater and Jordan Creek wind farms already operational and contributing to NIPSCO's power generation fleet across 2021.  Meanwhile, we expect 4 additional projects to be in service by the end of this year. They are Dunns Bridge Solar I, Indiana Crossroads Solar, Brickyard Solar and Greensboro Solar. These projects will represent our first solar facilities, while the Greensboro project is our first project, which also includes storage. We expect the final 7 renewable generation projects needed to replace the retiring capacity of Schahfer to come online in 2023.  Our project and commercial teams continue to work tirelessly alongside our project partners to advance these projects as initially intended. As this work continues, we remain in close contact with some of the strongest developers in the renewable energy space regarding the progress of these projects and are actively monitoring any potential delays associated with the construction process, including the dynamic nature of the global supply chain.  NiSource also continues to engage with producers and developers focused on renewable natural gas, hydrogen and emerging storage technologies. We continue to support the advancement of these technologies and fuels to support accelerated and deeper decarbonization solutions, leveraging existing assets such as the natural gas system. We seek a risk-informed understanding of the options and technologies, which may emerge as pathways towards further decarbonization and are encouraged on how our communities and service territory could benefit from the development of these technologies.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Donald, who will discuss our 2021 financial performance in more detail.
Donald Brown: Thanks, Shawn, and good morning, everyone. Before we dive in, I want to update everyone about our Investor Day. It will take place in May, and we'll get a specific date and location details to you as soon as they are finalized. We plan to provide an extension to our capital investment and growth plan, a detailed update on our generation transition and ESG profile as well as give you an opportunity to hear from the leaders of our businesses. I hope you will be able to attend, and I look forward to speaking with you. As Lloyd mentioned a few minutes ago, our 2021 earnings exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $1.32 to $1.36. We've also reaffirmed 2022 guidance of $1.42 to $1.48 and our long-term diluted NOEPS growth rates.  Looking at our full year 2021 results on Slide 4, we had non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $571 million or $1.37 per diluted share compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $507 million or $1.32 per diluted share in 2020. The 2021 results reflect our ongoing execution of infrastructure investments and efficiencies resulting from our NiSource Next initiatives, offset somewhat by the sale of Columbia Gas of Massachusetts, which closed in October of 2020.  Taking a closer look at our segment non-GAAP results on Slide 5. Gas Distribution operating earnings were about $674 million for 2021, representing an increase of approximately $6 million versus last year. Operating revenues, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses, were lower by approximately $94 million due to the sale of CMA. Other operating expenses were lower by approximately $100 million due to the sale of CMA and our NiSource Next initiatives.  In our Electric segment, non-GAAP operating earnings for 2021 were about $387 million, which was about $25 million higher than in 2020. Operating revenues, net of the cost of energy and track expenses, increased by approximately $24 million, due primarily to infrastructure investment programs and increased customer demand. And other operating expenses were essentially flat to 2020 levels.  Now turning to Slide 6. I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of December 31 was about $9.8 billion, of which about $9.2 billion of long-term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 14 years, and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 3.7%.  At the end of the fourth quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $1.6 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization programs. Last Friday, we successfully extended our revolving credit facility for another 5-year term. The new facility capacity remains at $1.85 billion with essentially the same borrowing terms.  We also continue our commitment to retaining our investment-grade credit ratings, and all 3 major rating agencies reaffirmed their ratings with stable outlooks in 2021. Taken together, this represents a solid financial foundation that will continue to support our long-term safety and infrastructure investments.  As you can see on Slide 7, we are reiterating our 2022 capital forecast of $2.4 billion to $2.7 billion.  Taking a quick look at Slide 8, which highlights our financing plan, there are no changes to our plan since April's equity unit issuance. I would highlight that this balanced financing plan continues to be consistent with all of our earnings growth and credit commitments.  Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Congratulations, Lloyd, again, on the latest opportunity for you. Can you perhaps give us some initial flavor by chance on what the strategy update might entail here? I know you made some comments already in the prepared remarks, but I know cost containment and reduction, admittedly has been top of mind for you, Lloyd. But wondering if you have any further thoughts you'd like to share at least at this point in terms of the process there in. I'm also cognizant that you stated in the prepared remarks that you still have this May time frame for an Analyst Day. But how are you thinking about this opportunity today and especially considering the inflationary backdrop that we've been talking with a lot of companies about?
Lloyd Yates: So thanks for your question, Julien. Let me start by saying, when you look at the current plan, I have a lot of confidence in the current plan. The current plan talks about 7% to 9% compound annual growth rate, and I think that's really good. Our strategic review is really going to take a hard look at how do we extend that plan past 2024.  So what does that mean? It means we want to look at everything. We're going to look hard at the portfolio, the current portfolio we have, and we want to look at the performance of that portfolio. Is that portfolio executing in a way that's providing -- is maximizing shareholder value? We're going to look at the content of that portfolio. Should we keep all of the LDCs or all the businesses we have? Should we buy some? Should we sell other businesses? But I think that's part of the view.  We're going to look hard at our cost structure and efficiency, productivity and some of our operational metrics. So we're just getting started on that. I think that we have a team, the Board will be involved, and that's moving forward, but a comprehensive look at the business.  And just to add a little bit to that, I think as a new CEO and on an ongoing basis, my plan is to constantly evaluate the NiSource portfolio to make sure we're maximizing shareholder value.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And just if you can clarify that last comment, just in brief, what are the criteria here? How are you thinking about the merits? Or what kind of thresholds do we need to see in order to especially sell or divest other assets here and/or frankly, buy since you introduced them as well here, if you don't mind?
Lloyd Yates: I don't have the criteria established yet. A little bit too early for that. We are looking at the data points out there. We've seen the Dominion transaction. We've seen some of the other transactions. There will be data point that feed into our process. But I can't sit here and tell you I have the criteria established right now. I mean this is what my sixth day on the job. So I don't have all those things done yet, but we're working really hard on it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes. Sorry, I don't mean to press you too much there. And just last little detail, if I can? Just on the solar projects here, I know that they're moving around a little bit because of the ongoing WRO policy backdrop. But no shift really in terms of meaningful earnings impact that you know of quite yet or more importantly, probably rate case timing, right?
Lloyd Yates: So not right now, but I'm going to turn it over to Shawn Anderson, maybe a little more detail on that.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Lloyd. Thanks for the question, Julien. You said it, it's premature to speculate how any potential the way might change the regulatory strategy here. And I know just as I did in my prepared remarks that we have not seen a delay yet that it's extended beyond the time line we initially planned for. So there's a lot that's going to play out here.  A couple of other considerations. Just to note, Indiana, as you probably already know, allows for a forward test year. We've utilized that historically for both our electric and gas cases in the past. So it has some precedent there. It also has some precedent for rate step implementations.  I think it's really important to remember that all of these projects have already received an approved CPCN. So while the timing might have some potential to flex we believe the need for these rate base additions is just really clear in terms of how they'll add value for our communities. So as you'd expect, we'll continue to be active, and we'll evaluate and monitor this and much more to come here in May or at the midpoint of 2022.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Just -- Lloyd, congratulations on your appointment.
Lloyd Yates: Thank you.
Durgesh Chopra: Just -- yes, sure. Just -- can you clarify for us on the Analyst Day in May, is that going to be extended through '28? Or do you have sort of a terminal year in mind that we're going to see your plans through?
Lloyd Yates: Yes, let me set expectations for our Analyst Day. I can't promise you on Analyst Day that our strategic review will be complete. I think that we'll have more clarity on where we are and what the plan looks like, but I want to dive in and understand the organization and the business a little better. We're talking about Analyst Day around the May time table. And I just don't believe we'll have the whole strategic review done by then. I think that's really fast.  So -- but I do think we'll have an idea of what the strategic review looks like and the time table for when will complete the strategic review by Analyst Day.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. That's very helpful. So it won't to be complete, but you'll give us sort of the book ends of what the process might look like and kind of when that process might come to a conclusion. But just in terms of like the extension of the CapEx plans and EPS growth, what year should we be expecting to see this plan get extended to?
Lloyd Yates: Let me turn it over to Donald, a little more detail on Analyst Day.
Donald Brown: Yes. So thanks for the question. We are planning to extend the financial plan. If you think about that next IRP, the '21 IRP, we just filed last quarter. With the future retirement of Michigan City, we do want to take the plant out to at least the period of retiring that plant. So it would certainly be to 2027 or 2028, depending on what the outcome is there. And then certainly, we would provide an update on long-term strategy in the SG profile, as Lloyd has provided.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Jamieson Ward: It's Jamieson Ward on for Shar. We were wondering if -- just to piggyback on the last couple of questions about the Analyst Day and then one on the Indiana RFP. So we've got the 2028 year there. When you think about the way that you currently guide and provide disclosures, we were curious if we might expect to see some changes there or if we should be expecting to see the same type of disclosures, but simply moved forward out to future years. Would you use this as an opportunity to change the way you got?
Donald Brown: It's something that we're exploring. We certainly want to look at the plan and how the plan comes out. We want to be able to communicate that in the most effective way for our shareholders. But if you still step back and you think about what drives our annual earnings, it's our annual CapEx programs and it's those trackers. That provides the predictability of our earnings growth and our cash flow growth.  And so that's always going to be the strong foundation of our long-term plan, but certainly want to make sure that as we look at the next phase of our plan. We're communicating that in a way that provides the most impact for shareholders to understand the long-term value of NiSource.
Jamieson Ward: Got it. And then on the Indiana IRP and the current RFP analysis, do you expect that you would have and include any amount of the $750 million of potential incremental CapEx there by the Analyst Day? Or would that be something that you'd be updating post Analyst Day?
Donald Brown: Yes. That is our intention that, that next tranche of potential investment would be included in that financial plan at that time. So if you think about current last Analyst Day, we provided a range of the potential investment, and I'd expect would be in that same place in May.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller with Morningstar.
Travis Miller: I was wondering, on the Indiana electric rate case, is there anything specific that has to happen either in your eyes or just administratively before you could file that later this year?
Lloyd Yates: Pablo, do you want to handle that one?
Pablo Vegas: Yes. Thanks for the question. No, I mean, I think we're set up in terms of the timing. What we're looking at right now is making sure that all the planned investments around the renewables that are going to be getting developed over the course of this year and next year and the timing issues we've talked about related to that are all going to line up with the expected in-service dates that we need in order to support that rate case.  All of the core approvals, the certificates for public convenience and necessity, the CPCNs, those have all been approved in advance. And so the prudence of these investments that we're going to do are essentially have been supported. So now it's just making sure that the timing of the projects aligns with the timing of the rate case and the windows for that rate case and that will be the driver, but everything is lined up for that for the second half of this year.
Travis Miller: Okay. And then just real quick on that. It would be more the capital side of it than, say, anything that happened with operating expense, is that the idea that, that would be the biggest factor in terms of rate increase or whatever, right?
Pablo Vegas: Yes, that's right. It would be the CapEx associated with the renewable projects and when that would go in service and be considered using useful for the purpose of the rate case.
Travis Miller: Perfect. Okay. Great. And then Lloyd, you obviously mentioned the portfolio review. If you were to make any kind of changes, particularly so, what would be the use of capital for that? And thinking particularly potential equity to fund either the electric side or some other initiatives, can you take me through your thought process in terms of how you use any kind of capital, incremental capital?
Lloyd Yates: I think there are a couple of ways to think about that. One is if you were to sell off some pieces of the portfolio, that would eliminate the need for equity in the future. So that's a possibility. There's also a possibility that if you're selling a piece of the portfolio or you could find some other attractive investments to make and whether it's in capital programs for Your Energy, Your Future on the ESG side or whether there are some attractive properties that we may want to purchase. So I think I don't want to speculate on that. But I think what we're trying to do is make the best use if we sell something, the best efficient use of that capital to add shareholder value.
Operator: Your next question is from Richard Sunderland with JPMorgan.
Richard Sunderland: Maybe just starting with Ohio, any sense on the near-term pace of the proceeding? Just really curious if you're seeing anything on the ground here?
Lloyd Yates: I don't know that Pablo handles the detail. I think Ohio is moving along at a what I'll call a reasonable pace. We don't have any concerns with Ohio, but it's just taking time. And Pablo, you want to give a little more detail if...
Nick Drew: Yes, happy to. Thanks, Richard. There's a lot on the docket at the PUCO right now. There's a DP&L case that is going to hearing. You've got a Duke electric case that is out there and is still in the discovery phase. And it's been a while since Columbia Gas of Ohio has filed the rate case. I'll say that about half or a little more than half of our total costs have already flowed through extensive reviews in our tracker programs, that we have over the last decade or so.  And so we're not expecting any issues or problems. The rate case is going fine. The next step is going to be to get the staff report. We expect to see that hopefully sometime in the next several weeks to a couple of months, and we're still projecting an overall rate case timing of concluding sometime in the middle of the year. But it's moving forward, as Lloyd said, as we would expect, and no concerns on our part there.
Richard Sunderland: Understood. Maybe just one other one. What are the regulatory requirements with delivering the 2018 IRP projects? Curious if you see kind of supply chain risks within that context?
Lloyd Yates: Shawn.
Shawn Anderson: I'm sorry. Could you just repeat that the phone cut out right when you asked that question?
Richard Sunderland: Apologies. Just the regulatory requirements with delivering the 2018 IRP projects and how you see supply chain risks specifically in that context?
Shawn Anderson: So the 2018 projects have all been approved from a CPCN standpoint. So that's the first step in the process. Well, there's a number of steps to process. That's the first real regulatory step that you've got to cross through that demonstrates the prudence.  In terms of the projects themselves, then they need to be executed. It's a process, of course, through the supply chain process to get the materials on site and then to construct the facilities, that could take 6 to 12 months, depending upon the size of the facility and where it's being constructed. That's where the remaining projects are outside the 3 that are operational, are in the construction phase or to-be-constructed phase and the project teams currently working with the developers to then stand those projects up. Right now, the schedule for the projects remains with 4 more projects to be COD or operational this year and then the remainder of the projects in 2023. That would all take you through construction.  And then as we've already sort of highlighted here on a rate case standpoint, you'll file a rate case and do a forward-look test year that moves through that in-service date to then pick up those investments as part of your regulatory requirement and your CapEx additions.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. So just to be clear, it's really around timing of the rate case as we discussed earlier in terms of required delivery dates or other obligations coming out of the CPCN process, not so much to watch here. Is that fair?
Shawn Anderson: Yes, that's exactly right. And we'll step through each project individually. There's multiple steps through that in terms of getting those constructed, bringing materials on site, et cetera. So we'll step through each of those projects and then sweep all those investments into the rate case and proceed accordingly.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ryan Levine with Citi.
Ryan Levine: A question for Lloyd. What are your priorities in the first 100 days as CEO? And more specifically, what work processes, streams are underway to evaluate the business operations as part of this broader business review?
Lloyd Yates: So I mean a couple of things that we're going to continue on. One is NiSource Next. We've taken some cost out of the business over the last couple of years with operational efficiencies. So we're going to kind of ramp up the next phase of NiSource Next.  I think as part of the strategic review process, we have an initiative called Your Energy, Your Future. When you look at that, that's retirement of the coal plants by 2028, what's the next phase of that, especially focused on the gas distribution system.  I think decarbonizing the gas distribution system is good for the customers, and I think it will present an opportunity for the company to make investments. So we're looking hard at that. And then as I mentioned earlier, continue to look hard at the portfolio. So those are probably the 3 focus areas.
Ryan Levine: And as you do this business review, should we look for some higher near-term costs to help evaluate these different options? And is the company doing this business review completely internally? Or is there more reliance on third-party consultants?
Lloyd Yates: Yes. I think the cost efficiencies that we know about today are in the current guidance. So when you look at our targets for next year and in the following year, the 7% to 9%, we have cost efficiencies built into those. We want to look harder to try and drive a little more. But right now, I mean those are the guidance numbers we have, and I have a lot of confidence in us hitting those numbers.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then last question for me is, more specific on the quarter, what was the driver of some of the O&M cost declines in the electric business? And what drove some of the higher costs around O&M in the gas business?
Donald Brown: Yes. When you look at the electric business, part of the cost decrease is related to shutdown of our coal plants, 2 of our Schahfer units that retired in 2021. And then on the gas business, it's continued spend an investment in our safety and SMS program. So we'll continue to see that over the next couple of years. But the objective of NiSource Next is to help mitigate the inflation that we see every year so that we can afford to continue to invest in safety and reliability.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: My question, and it was more on the O&M side, but to piggyback up to your guys' comments on the higher gas O&M related to SMS. And my question was going to be kind of, have you hit a pretty good run rate in terms of the spending on the SMS side for safety and reliability purposes? Or are we seeing that continue to trend up over the years?  And Lloyd, you've talked about cost management as one of your key priorities as well. So other than this type of spend, which is definitely very important, I think, for the company, what are some other general areas of cost efficiencies that we should be looking out for?
Lloyd Yates: So let me start with SMS because I do -- I didn't mention it. So we are committed to continue with SMS. I think in this business, when I think about SMS, I think about operational excellence, I think that's table stakes in this business. We have to operate well and we have to continue to invest in those programs.  On the other hand, we're going to control the cost in those programs. We want to make sure that we invest effectively. And as a result of those programs, I think over time, you should get cost efficiencies out of them. So the cost ramps up a little bit, but as the people who operate get used to the new ways of doing business, you should gain efficiencies out of that.  And again, other issues -- not issues but in our guidance, we'll continue to look at corporate services, just like most companies, we're looking at productivity and any other cost that we spend in the business, making sure that those costs are aligned with other high-performing organizations.
Insoo Kim: Understood. My only other question is, I think this is the second quarter that you've reiterated that 7% to 9%, but off technically a higher base and this time off of the actual 2021 results. So as we go forward, I guess, in future years, is that something that we should think about as something that you will do going forward and kind of guiding off of achievements on an annual basis -- on an actual basis?
Donald Brown: Yes, I'd say it's too early for me to provide guidance on next year's results. And so give us some time. But again, I'll go back to the core drivers of our earnings. It's the annual CapEx programs, and that's really what provides that clarity and consistency of earnings and allows us to guide off of last year's earnings and an update off of that.  But I won't guide for 2023 yet. But certainly, I expect that we'll -- we've got confidence that we'll be in that 7% to 9% range off of 30 -- off of 2021.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Nicholas Campanella with Credit Suisse.
Nicholas Campanella: Just in terms of the strategic review comments and thinking about portfolio rotation, I recall when you sold the Massachusetts assets, you did have some dissynergies due to cost allocation model from the parent down to the OpCos. And I'm just curious if that hurdle exists kind of across the entire portfolio? And how we should kind of be thinking about that, if you are considering potentially rotating capital here?
Lloyd Yates: So I think that hurdle is going to exist across the portfolio. When you rotate something out, you got to deal with the dissynergies. I think that we're here and we need to manage those. We decide to rotate something off the portfolio, we have to consider that in the math, but we also have to consider the fact that you can -- dissynergies can be managed, and that will be a part of our strategic review process as we think about that. But we believe they can be managed.
Nicholas Campanella: Got it. And then just one for Donald on the 7% to 9% CAGR and just like the relevant puts and takes. You guys issued the equity units last spring and share count in the outer years can kind of move around depending on where those are remarketed. Does your updated 7% to 9% CAGR kind of take into account the increase in share price that we've seen since then?
Donald Brown: It does. We're always paying attention to and updating our model for share price and share count that is in our guidance right now. But again, we want to make sure that we've got some cushion as share price moves around that we're not moving outside of our guidance. So we're confident where we are and certainly recognize the appreciation in the stock price over the last 1.5 years.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: So Lloyd, just high level curious on the -- you've been around both now -- NiSource on the Board and at Electric Utilities over time. And curious if you have a view on kind of the mix between electric and gas? And is that an important aspect as part of your strategic review?
Lloyd Yates: I think it is, Steve. I think as we look at the strategic review, some of the companies that are receiving higher multiples have a higher mix of electric than gas, and I think we have to consider that as part of our strategic evaluation. And does that make sense? And is there -- are there opportunities to shift to more electric versus gas? I don't think we need to be out of gas. I think in the states that we operate in, gas is very valuable. It may not be popular, but it's valuable. So I think as we look at this portfolio, we have to consider all those options, but also consider where we operate.
Steven Fleishman: Great. That's helpful. And then just -- I just wanted to follow up on the renewables projects because I just wanted to clarify maybe, I guess, with Shawn, just, are these projects all on schedule as of now? Or -- and just -- it sounded like they are on schedule, but then you're having to monitor everything. So I guess I just want to clarify just where things stand? And my recollection is you had pretty strong contract terms in the event that anything was delayed. So just could you remind us how you're protected there, if at all?
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Steve. Appreciate the question. So all projects are currently scheduled to be in service by the end of 2023. That's the critical window. So we have the benefit of the remainder of the calendar for 2022 and 2023 for each project, which is at a different stage in its life cycle to work through what's necessary to get it into service by the end of 2023.  But that does require some active monitoring in terms of the partnership agreement, the developers themselves. They're all sophisticated top-tier developers. This is their critical core competency when you think of names like NextEra, EDPR and Vetergy. So there's diversity and that was intentional across the developers themselves so as not to have concentration risk around 1 developer, and we're working very closely with those developers as they continue to move through the process. But everything remains with a projected 2023 COD, and that's the critical date for us to watch.  And then in terms of contractual protections, each agreement is a little bit unique. But to your point, there are provisions to provide, NIPSCO capacity as it relates to the agreements. There's different levels of indemnity protection and flexibility in terms of even component suppliers when you start to get into the weeds of the agreements, each one is unique. But the important point for customers is that the energy is contracted at that price, that protects our customers, that's an important part of this. And that's what we're seeking for with all 14 of these projects.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of James Thalacker with BMO Capital Markets.
James Thalacker: Lloyd, just I guess circling back to your comments on the strategic review, I know you're just beginning the process, but it sounds like you're casting a fairly wide net, both in looking at both buying and selling assets. So going back to kind of Steve's question, is this kind of the initial scope is to kind of cast it wide and see what kind of falls out of that process? Or as part of the strategic review also looking at maybe even a more in-depth sort of view of how to sort of change the business profile, to your point, on the differences between the public market valuations on gas versus electric?
Lloyd Yates: Yes. So thanks for the question. And I think you're right. The goal here is to cast the net wide, to start broad and then kind of zoom back in. We're going to look at everything. And we're going to look at everything. So we're going to start wide cast back in, and we're going to take a hard look at everything. I think I've said it or I don't want to repeat myself, but we look at the portfolio, operational efficiencies, rotation, mix of electric versus gas, but everything is on the table is the point.
James Thalacker: Right. And then I guess the other question, and it's going -- and also's, I think Julien asked the question, too. But I know you -- and again, I realize you're 6 days on the job and we're starting this process. But when you kind of look at monetizations or even acquisitions, I'm assuming that there's probably some guideposts, whether it be credit accretion or maintenance of credit or EPS accretive. Do you see from your previous vantage point, a lot of opportunities to maybe go on the offensive and shift that mix through accretive acquisitions? Because in general, it seems like there's not a lot of really good values out there in the utility, especially when you go into a sort of a private market auction or even a competitive auction bid.
Lloyd Yates: Well, I think we're going to be -- if we buy, we're going to look for value. I mean, you got to say that. Our job is to create shareholder value, and we're going to look for accretive acquisitions if we purchase. If we sell, we want to try to get as much as we can for any asset that we have. And I think that's the challenge in the strategic evaluation. And everybody wants to accomplish the same objective, right, buy low, sell high.  So if we're in that game, I think how you look at those things and how you do that in your strategic, your criteria is going to be really important. But everything we do, I mean, is to gain shareholder value, which means we're going to try to get as many accretive -- we'll try to make everything accretive, but we also want to protect credit quality. And you got to pay attention to the balance sheet. So we get all those things, and we're going to get after it.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to the CEO, Mr. Lloyd Yates.
Lloyd Yates: So first of all, thank you for your questions. And I want to close by just to reiterate just a few key takeaways. Our 2021 earnings of $1.37 per share exceeded the top end of our guidance range. Number two, we're reaffirming our guidance for 2022, $1.42 to $1.48 per share, and our long-term growth commitments are reaffirmed as well.  Number three, we continue to evaluate NIPSCO's portion of the investment needed to replace the retiring coal-fired generation outlined in the preferred plan from the 2021 IRP. Four, our strong regulatory execution continues, further illustrated by -- we've got some late breaking news last night that NIPSCO reached the settlement principle in the gas rate case, but details to follow there. So I mean our regulatory team is really executing strong. And as Donald mentioned, we look forward to presenting the next phase of our strategy and financial plan at our Investor Day in May, where we will kind of give an update on where we're moving with our broad strategic review.  So thank you for your comments, and we appreciate you joining us this morning, and please stay safe. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-03 14:28:14) =====
Operator: Good morning, my name is Chilly (ph), and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q3 2021 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Mr. Turnure, you may begin your conference.
Chris Turnure: For Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer, Donald Brown, our Chief Risk Officer, and Randy Hugen, our VP of Investor Relations and Treasurer. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource's financial performance for the 3rd quarter of 2021, as well as provide an update on our operations and growth drivers, following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call to your questions. Slides for today's call are available on nisource.com. Before turning the call over to Joe, Donald, and Shawn.  Just a quick reminder. Some of the statements made during this presentation, we will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties it included in the MD&A risk factors sections of our periodic SEC filings.  Additionally, some of the statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and segment information. Including our full financial schedules available on NiSource.com. With all of that out of the way, I'd like to turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Hamrock: Thanks, Chris. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Hopefully you've all had a chance to read our Third Quarter earnings release which we issued earlier today. Strong execution of NiSource's significant renewable energy investments continues to be the highlight of our foundation for future growth. And we continue to expect that our core infrastructure programs and renewable generation investments will drive industry-leading compound annual growth of 7% to 9% percent in diluted net operating earnings per share through 2024.  Growth driven by our commitment to safety, reliability, customer affordability, and sustainability. As we begin to refine our outlook for longer-term growth, the preferred path from NIPSCO 2021 integrated resource plan identifies additional investment opportunities while advancing the retirement of remaining coal-fired generation between 2026 and 2028. And it supports our plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 90% by 2030. Let's turn now to Slide 3, and take a closer look at our key takeaways.  We are updating our guidance for 2021 to target the top end of the range of a $1.32 to a $1.36 per share in non-GAAP diluted net operating earnings or and or EPS. We are also initiating guidance for 2022 of a $1.42 to a $1.48. and that is consistent with our 5 to 7% near-term growth commitment. Our long-term diluted EPS guidance of 7 to 9% through 2024 is now based on the expected top end of our 2021 guidance range. And we reaffirm 5% to 7% growth in 2023.  As I mentioned a moment ago, the preferred plan from NIPSCO's 2021 IRP advances our plans to retire remaining coal-fired generation between 2026 and 2028. As we shift to lower-cost, clean, and reliable generation. Investments of up to $750 million will be required to replace retiring coal-fired generation. The NIPSCO portion of this investment will be better understood following further evaluation of the proposals, we solicited associated with the IRP.  Our regulatory execution progresses with a proposed order approving a settlement in Pennsylvania, a settlement filed in Kentucky, and a proposed order in Maryland. In addition, we filled a gas rate case in Indiana in September. We achieved non-GAAP diluted NOEPS of $0.11 in the third quarter of 2021 versus $0.09 in 2020. Now let's look at some NiSource Utility's highlights for the 3rd quarter. Starting with our gas operations on Slide 9.  The Columbia Gas of Ohio rate case continues to progress. Net of the trackers being rolled into base rates, the filing requests an annual revenue increase of approximately $221 $221 million pending its decision next year from the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio, new rates would be effective in mid-2022. NIPSCO filed a gas rate case on September 29th, requesting a revenue increase of a $115 million annually.  The case is focused on infrastructure modernization, and providing safe, reliable service while remaining in compliance with state and federal safety requirements. In Pennsylvania an administrative law judge issued a proposed order recommending that Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission approved a settlement in our rate case. The settlement would increase revenue by $58.5 million with new rates effective December 29, of this year. The adjusted rates will help to continue investments in infrastructure upgrades, system reliability, and maintenance enhancements. We expect the commission's final order by mid-December.  In Kentucky, we have filed a proposed settlement of our rate case. The settlement includes an overall increase in revenues of $18.6 million to support continued investments in safety and replacing aging infrastructure. Columbia Gas of Maryland received a proposed order from an administrative law judge on Friday, recommending an increase of approximately $2.56 million in revenues as compared to our request of approximately $4.8 million.  We expect a final order from the Maryland Public Service Commission in December. Before we move on, I'd like to note that Columbia Gas of Ohio, our largest LDC is ranked number one in the Midwest region in JD Powers ' 2021 Gas Utility, Business Customer Satisfaction Study. Also, congratulations to our customer experience team for the successful launch of the Columbia Gas and NIPSCO mobile apps.  They're an important step forward in building our connected digital customer experience. Let's now turn to our electric operations on Slide 10.  NIPSCO electric T-disc plan is pending before the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission or IURC. This is a 5-year $1.6 billion proposal that would replace the previous plan, which NIPSCO filed in April to terminate. The pending plan includes newly identified projects aimed at enhancing service and reliability for customers, as well as some previously identified projects. The other items on this slide relate to our renewable generation strategy. And I'll turn it over to Shawn Anderson to give more detail.
Shawn Anderson: Thank you, Joe. The selection of the preferred path from NIPSCO's 2021 IRP is a significant milestone in our transition from coal-fired generation, towards cleaner and reliable forms of generation, all of which are expected to save NIPSCO customers approximately $4 billion over the long term. The preferred path from the 2021 IRP, refines the timelines to retire coal-fired generation at the Michigan City Generating Station to between 2026 and 2028.  It also calls for retirement of 2 vintage gas peaking units, 16A and 16 B, which are both located at the Schahfer Generating Station site. The most viable replacement option calls for a portfolio of resources including incremental solar, standalone battery storage, and natural gas peaking resources. We estimate that investment of up to $750 million will be required to support the retirement of these units.  We expect to be able to quantify the NIPSCO portion of this investment opportunity. In the first half of next year, after further evaluating bids and the request for proposals and completing due diligence on projects which align with the preferred path. Meanwhile, we continue to execute on a plan for retirement of remaining coal-fired generation at Schahfer. Units 14 and 15 retired as of October 1st, and units 17 and 18 are on track to retire by 2023.  We're making steady progress on the renewables project build-out, informed by the preferred path from NIPSCO's 2018 IRP. Our partners on these projects are some of the strongest developers in the renewable energy space. And we remain in close contact regarding the progress of these projects. We continue to expect to invest approximately $2 billion in renewable generation by 2023 to replace the retiring capacity at  As part of the execution of this plan, construction continues on the Indiana Crossroads one wind project, which is on track to become operational in the fourth quarter of this year. Construction has also started on a pair of solar projects. Dunns Bridge Solar I is being constructed by a subsidiary of NextEra Energy Resources under a build transfer agreement. EDP Renewables North America is building the Indiana Crossroads solar project, which will be operated as a joint venture. Both are expected to enter service next year.  The IURC provided regulatory approval of the Indiana Crossroads II Wind project on September 1. And with that action, all 14 renewables projects needed to replace the retiring capacity of Schahfer Generating Station have now received approval. In addition to the slate of renewables projects we have announced, NiSource plans to evaluate hydrogen and emerging storage technologies.  It's important for us to gain a risk informed understanding of the options and technologies that may emerge as pathways toward further de - carbonization. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Donald, who will discuss our third quarter financial performance in more detail.
Donald Brown: Thanks, Shawn. And good morning, everyone. Before getting into the specific results, I just like to highlight the solid execution and progress that now has us guiding to the top end of our 2021 guidance range of $1.32 to $1.36. This new 2021 expectation also serves as the starting point for both our near-term and long-term growth commitment. We have also initiated 2022 guidance of a $1.42 to a $1.48, which at its midpoint represents a growth rate of over 6.6% from the 2021 top end.  Turning to our third quarter 2021 results on Slide 4, we had non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $47 million or $0.11 per diluted share, compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $36 million or $0.09 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2020. The 2021 results reflect our ongoing execution of infrastructure investments, offset somewhat by the sale of Columbia Gas of Massachusetts, which closed in October of 2020. Looking more closely at our segment 3-month non-GAAP results from Slide 5, Gas Distribution operating earnings were about $18 million for the quarter, representing an increase of approximately $8 million versus last year. Operating revenue, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses, were down nearly $18 million due to the sale of CMA. Operating expenses, also, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were lower by about $26 million, mostly due to the CMA sale offset slightly by higher employee related costs and outside services spending.  In our Electric segment, 3-month non-GAAP operating earnings were about $130 million, which was nearly $3 million lower than the third quarter of 2020. Net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses, operating revenues decreased slightly by about $2 million due to slightly lower residential usage, offset by increased TDSIC revenues. Operating expenses, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were nearly flat compared to 2020.  Now, turning to Slide 6, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of June 30 was about $9.6 billion of which about $9.2 billion of long-term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 14 years, and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 3.7%.  At the end of the third quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $1.7 billion consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and other accounts receivable securitization programs. As we know that last quarter, all 3 major rating agencies have reaffirmed our investment grade credit ratings with stable outlooks in 2021. Taken together, this represents a solid financial foundation to continue the support for our long-term safety and infrastructure investments.  As you can see on slide seven, we've narrowed our 2021 capital investment estimate to approximately $2 billion, and reiterated our 2022 capital forecast of $2.4 to $2.7 billion. Taking a quick look at Slide 8, which highlights our financing plan. There are no changes to our plans since April's equity unit issuance. I would highlight that this balance financing plan continues to be consistent with all of our earnings growth, and credit commitments.  As I mentioned earlier, we have updated our 2021 earnings guidance, issued guidance for 2022 and reaffirmed our long-term growth commitments. I would also remind everyone that we're planning to provide an extension to our growth plan at an Investor Day during the first half of next year. So please stay tuned. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We're ready now to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to remind everyone. . Your first question comes from Richard Sunderland from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Richard Sunderland: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe starting with the IRP here. Curious to get outlined the guard rails on the potential investment in any gating items here as we progress to the update in the first-half of next year in terms of the high-low and where that could realistically fall in the $72 million?
Shawn Anderson: Thanks for that question. Good morning, this is Shawn. Ultimately, as you can imagine the range will be informed by the actual project selected. What we know now are the tranches of technology that we believe will provide the capacity. We need to step through the due diligence now to better understand those projects, and that will inform in some way, shape or form the specifics of the range.  So certainly, the selection of technology, the actual projects themselves, how efficient they can be constructed, those types of things will have a bearing on the ultimate CapEx for it. I'd also note that the MISO's Resource Adequacy rules, certainly as those finalized, could come into play a bit as well that we think that we've modeled those out and incorporated that in the indicative pathway.
Joe Hamrock: Thanks, Shawn. Rich, let me just add. All else being comparable through that analysis, we have a bias to own these assets as we step through this next progression, and we believe we'll have a strong case and a value proposition for doing that. As Shawn noted the factors or guardrails, as you said, do include the MISO seasonal capacity factor, ultimate requirements in the evaluation of the proposals that is still underway. But also, the federal policy landscape that is a bit unpredictable right now, but that could shape timing and mix of investments as well. We look forward to being able to work through that in the next quarter or two.
Richard Sunderland: Thanks Shawn. Maybe just following up on the federal aspects, could you unpack that a little bit more in terms of what could specifically impact the 2021 IRP considerations or maybe even more broadly, whether it's the financing plan. How could something like direct pay change those plans now?
Donald Brown: Hi. I can take the direct pay question. Certainly, think that that provides some additional flexibility on how we finance our renewable investments. Certainly positive, if it allows us to reduce any equity needs for those future investments or external financing needs in terms of tax equity, but certainly need to understand how direct pay would be treated by our 6 jurisdictions from a base -- rate base in deferred tax standpoint.
Shawn Anderson: And then I just add on as it relates to how federal policy could shape the technology costs that we certainly can't speculate to that the 750 is a derivative of what we saw come through the RFP in May, related to the capacity and the technology required to meet that capacity, to the extent that the marketplace changes that efficiency. It again, it could get you back into a different selection of technology to comprise the capacity necessary. But you'd have to see how that federal policy landscape would impact that marketplace versus the due diligence, which we're performing on actionable projects that came through the RFP that we expect to be able to execute against.
Richard Sunderland: Thank you, . Thank you for the time here. Thanks.
Joe Hamrock: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Your next question comes from Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Insoo Kim: Yeah. Thank you. My first question is just going back to the RP, that $750 million potential. Is that the total opportunity set, whether it's Just TPA or owned or does it contemplate some percentage of ownership there? And then the follow-up to that is, if we're taking the more accelerated retirement options in the 2026 retirements, how much of that potential investment could come in the 2025 time period?
Shawn Anderson: Thank you for that. The 750 is the total inclusive number of investments expected to be able to functionally deliver the capacity, once the capacity gap is created through the retirement of Michigan City and  units, A and D. So, it'd be everything included. Also inclusive of the transmission that we anticipate necessary to construct to enable that to occur. And then in terms of timing, there is some flexibility because these projects in some ways could be a little bit modular in nature. It provides us a fair amount of flexibility to optimize that.  The transmission work, for example, is going to begin immediately, and it could take up to 3 years to complete the transmission work necessary to take those units offline. So, the other resources could be feathered in, likely starting in that 2024-time horizon. But we'll know a lot more through the first half of 2022, after we've gone through the due diligence process and started to select the exact projects that we think can deliver that capacity.
Insoo Kim: Got it. That's good color. My second question is on the dividend policy, I think over the past, where this time around and then the past couple of years, I think the growth in the dividend has been a little bit more modest versus history, and as we get back into this more robust EPS, growth cycle, and I think you had a 60% to 70% payout ratio target as of the last disclosure. How should we think about some of the future dividend growth trends that we could see over the next few years?
Donald Brown: Good morning. For the 60, 70% payout ratio that is still our guidance at this point, we will revisit our dividend on our -- in January as we normally do with the board. But when you look at our long-term plan and 7% to 9% EPS  that we've indicated, you certainly would expect to see growth in that range. Seeing growth along annually because of the earnings growth in that range of 60 to 70%. But again, we'll provide an update in January.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julien Dumoulin -Smith with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Cody Clark: Hey, good morning, this is actually Cody Clark on for Julien. Thanks for taking my questions.
Joe Hamrock: Good morning, Cody.
Cody Clark: First, a housekeeping item and just to clarify, if I'm thinking about 2023 EPS, what base should I be using for the 5% to 7% growth? Is it the top end of '21 or the midpoint of the new '22 guidance?
Donald Brown: I would use the top end of '21 as the guidance going forward for '22 and for long-term 7% to 9% EPS 
Cody Clark: Okay. Got it. And then one of the main variables on NIPSCO share of  would be the breakdown of ownership versus PPA, and certainly understand the bias to own here. We're wondering if you can talk about how you, other stakeholders, and your regulators are thinking about ownership percentage of the resources? Have you had any conversations here or how do you think that's going to shake out?
Shawn Anderson: Thanks for that question. We have not had any discussions regarding ownership percentages. We've just focused on the tranche of technology delivered -- to deliver the capacity. And certainly, that's been the main focus to understand what the solutions and the pathway we expect to transpire. And then we would need to complete the full due diligence necessary on the projects themselves to better understand that ownership percentage, although I'd note that certain of these asset classes track towards a higher ownership percentage.  For example, a SugarCreek upgrade would make a lot of sense for us to own at our own plant. So, there is a bias down and some of these asset classes could track toward that. However, we'd need to complete the full due diligence to have a final point-of-view which we expect in the midpoint of next year.
Joe Hamrock: I don't -- I'd only add to that, I'd note that key drivers, ultimately, the cost to customers over the life of the projects. And that's probably the first variable we look at for comparability across different ownership structures.
Cody Clark: So, looking forward to the first half update then, and we've seen some of your peers introduced longer-term capex and growth plans to highlight kind of the runway for spending. Do you see yourself in a position to be able to provide that level of disclosure when some of these spending items, around generation become a little bit clearer in the first half of next year?
Donald Brown: Yeah. Absolutely. We are intending to have an Analyst Day somewhere in that first half of next year. The goal of that Analyst Day would be to provide more clarity around the next-generation investments to replace the Michigan City, as well as to extend the long-range plan for both our gas and electric businesses.
Cody Clark: Got it. That's very helpful. Thanks so much for the time and looking forward to seeing you all next week.
Joe Hamrock: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Travis Miller from Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Travis Miller : Good morning, everyone. Thank you.
Joe Hamrock: Hey, good morning, Travis.
Travis Miller : Question on the electric side of NIPSCO back to the IRP. How do you think about the timing and relationship between the IRP and as you go through the process, therapies, etc., and the T-Desk? Are regulators thinking about these in terms of the need for new transmission and distribution to supply and support the IRP? And how does that work?
Joe Hamrock: Yes, that's a good question, Travis. The TDSIC really operates on kind of the existing transmission assets on maintenance and reliability improvements. Not so much new capacity related to new generation or retiring generation. So, there's no a direct relationship between Tejas. Depending Tejas schedule as you know it doesn't really depend in a meaningful way on the IRP. Typically, the projects we're looking at from the RFP within the integrated resource plan are tied to specific transmission investments that are inside the bids that we solicited. So, with those really don't crossover in a meaningful way.
Travis Miller : Okay. So, we could see more transmission investment as you roll out some of the IRP steps?
Joe Hamrock: That's right. Just like we have in the current cycle, we're in the 2 billion includes pretty healthy transmission investment as well.
Travis Miller : Okay. Great. And then on the gas side, what are your latest thoughts on all the discussion about methane emissions? Where does that fit into your capex plan? Obviously, we've heard domestically and internationally.
Joe Hamrock: The EPA methane rule is out now. We see clearly opportunities to improve the emissions profile, particularly that's focused on the upstream asset’s exploration production, transmission, storage. A little bit of a light touch on our asset portfolio. But overall, we believe the right way to drive a cleaner profile for the gas business and the gas supply chain.  I would go to the other side and say, one of the provisions inside the pending legislation of the proposed legislation is the methane tax, which we are -- we think is a bad mechanism that basically just drives cost to customer without having the same effectiveness as the EPA methane will. Those 2 certainly work together but the methane rule is a better mechanism. And that helps to drive sustainability of natural gas and to do that in an affordable way, which we think is the right recipe.
Travis Miller : Is there any upside to the gas capex, if the government U.S. or even international were to come down really hard on methane?
Joe Hamrock: Yes,  will handle the methane rule for the distribution entities, still remains to be seen. We have to see how that rule plays out.
Travis Miller : Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Joe Hamrock: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Peter, from Equity Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
David Peter: Hey, good morning, guys.
Joe Hamrock: Good morning, David.
David Peter: On the higher earnings outlook off the new base -- the 2021 base. Could you talk about some of the factors that are underlying that better outlook in the interim. And then through 24, and now you have a couple of bigger rate cases pending. Just wondering how sensitive to the the plan is to some of the outcomes there. And then just related to that, maybe you could comment where you are where you guys are at in those cases, I guess specifically, Ohio.
Donald Brown: Thank you for the questions. Certainly, as we look at our plan it's really built on the modernization investments that we're making. Think about 75% of those investments being track, that gives us lots of confidence on our year-to-year earnings guidance. This year is a heavy year from a rate case standpoint. We did fall 5 base rate cases in our LDCs, we've got two supplements there and one other and Maryland, we're expecting to get an order in December and then the Ohio and NIPSCO case that we filed will have impact, significant impacts, from Ohio by the middle of next year and then the Fourth Quarter for NIPSCO.  That gives us confidence in our earnings guidance and the strength of overall growth plan. But that's what continues and really gives us confidence as we think about that 7% to 9% EPS growth, which includes a $2 billion of generation investments that are already approved through the Indiana Commission this year. So that's the strength of our plan. And that's where -- really what's gives us the confidence of being able to execute on that.  Otherwise, it comes down to O and M and managing that. We kicked off our nice horse next transformation program a little over a year ago. That is going well with our plan and our guidance. It really is intended to reduce costs to help offset inflation aspects for thinking long-term around customer affordability, but also improve the rigor of our processes and allow us to improve our safety and customer service to our customers.
Joe Hamrock: And let me pick it up there on the related question around Ohio -- the Ohio rate case. Donald touched on its mid-year expectation in terms of the filing itself with the $221 million asked net of riders. So, there's a rider interplay there as well. But as we all know, not not a lot to report at this time as we all know, the PCO has been very busy. And so, as we see the current workload that the Commission play out, we would expect momentum to pick up no concerns with that. We're early in the schedule overall, but that said given that we're early and not a lot to report, as you would expect and as we expected, discovery activities have been heavy so far.  This being the first space case since 2008 for Columbia Gas of Ohio. So, no surprise there. And we believe that parties to the case recognize the long duration between the cases. And our strong investment history and commitment to the state across a range of different activities, including economic development. We remain confident in the mid-2020 resolutions and that's all baked into our outlook for next year.
David Peter: Great. Thank you, I appreciate all the detail. I just had one follow-up just on the financing plan in around some of the things being proposed in Washington. Several of your peers have talked about how meaningful direct pay could be in helping find future renewable investments and lowering equity needs. Assuming that Options included on from guessing, it doesn't impact the approved projects at all since you've done the funding for that. But just in the RSP, there's the $750 million you've outlined. And I think historically you've said something like 60% equity content for new generation investments. But we effectively expect that to be materially reduced with the direct pay option?
Donald Brown: Yeah. Let me address the equity content first. So, we think for the future investments, to the $750 million potential investment that we've got, it -- we would not need the same level of equity content. Our Balance Sheet is going to be in much stronger position by the end of 2023. And so certainly be in more typical regulatory cap structure of 50-50. But having said that, direct pay does provide some flexibility and potentially reducing the need for external financing or reducing equity needs. So, we do see it as a positive, but we've got to get more detail to understand how that would impact rate basis and deferred taxes to see what the pure impact would be to our financing plan.
David Peter: Okay. Great. Thank you, guys.
Donald Brown: Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
James Moore: Hey guys, it's James Moore here on for Shar. How are you doing?
Joe Hamrock: Good morning, James.
James Moore: Just curious with the IRP. If it's taking into account cost inflation for renewables when determining what the actual project costs will be, and if the submitting parties are going to be held to a fixed cost or if there's any allowance for cost inflation, and I have a second question on the gas side.
Shawn Anderson: Thanks, James. I'll take that. The estimate that we shared derives from the RFP process, which was for actionable projects towards the mid part of this decade which align with the contemplated retirement of 16 AB and initiative city. We have asked for a period of time for us to evaluate those projects.  When we go to the RFP marketplace, we ask for the opportunity to evaluate those for a period of time as you can imagine. We are still within that window, so we would be able to execute against those bids for those proposals still into 2022. And then continue through the refinement and due diligence process thereafter.
James Moore: Once the winners have been decided, just wanted to clarify if there's any potential for pass-through for higher commodity costs, higher other input costs, anything that could delay on components, etc., or if it's just like a fixed price, regardless of who the winners end up being, curious if you -- So it's not decidedly et?
Shawn Anderson: It's not decided yet, generally speaking, you'd think about it as a fixed cost that would then relate to that project, and that project is still executable through a window of time that it's been bid. That's really through 2024, 2025, maybe 2026, depending upon the project, and you'd have that fixed cost related to that project associated with that technology, to the extent that that bid is executed within this window that we're describing.  And to the extent that you continue due to -- through the due diligence process, you might understand more or less about what it would take on the total investment side. Most notably, transmission to action those projects.
James Moore: Got it. Thank you for the clarification there. The second questions on the LDCs. You've mentioned a number of times you're seeing an excess of 10% rate-base growth. First, how long should we think of that level of growth as being sustainable and now the follow up?
Joe Hamrock: Yeah. I'll take the long view side of that question. If you look at the $40 billion of identified investments that we rolled out on Investor Day, just a little over a year ago, that’s really predominantly on the kinds of investments that are already in flight in the gas business in particular. Electric flow a little different with the transition from coal to renewables and clean energy. So those are typically long-dated programs.  If you look at the underlying regulatory mechanisms like the T-Desk Gas Plan in NIPSCO, there's almost $1 billion of identified investment approved in the Gas TDSIC planned its multiyear beyond or 24 guidance horizons. Similarly, the Ohio IRP operates that way. In Virginia, the Gas Save program similarly. A lot of these are annualized programs with trackers that support them, that run beyond our current 2024 long-term guidance horizon.  I'm not going to guide to a specific point in time where 10% rate-base growth is predictable. That's the kind of update we'll give on Analyst Day next year. But the core point here is the underlying fundamental investment thesis is very long dated across all of the LDCs.
James Moore: Perfect that's those hoping you'd say and expecting their sort of leads into the second part of the question, given the recent attractive evaluation data points that we've been seeing for where the gas assets have been transacting. How do you think strategically about your 10% plus rate base growers versus long-term horizon station to win that other needs or other types of financing over your forecast horizon? Thank you.
Joe Hamrock: Yes, I will take the front-end and ask Donald to touch on the financing side. So very much the same long-term strategic orientation. When we look at a portfolio of companies that have that kind of fundamental growth opportunity that we see as long dated and constructive jurisdictions that's well supported, any rotation would have to be accretive to a plan that reflects that kind of growth engine build and across really literally, each and every Company that we operate is -- has that same profile right now.  So, it's a strategic question about long-term growth first and foremost, that said we're very open-minded, very analytical about that very objective, and work very closely with our board to continuously assess that opportunity. As it comes to capital rotation and alternative forms of financing, let me ask Donald to touch on that side of the question.
Donald Brown: It's a good question and certainly one we've gotten in the past. We'll continue to evaluate all forms of financing to finance our growth programs and our growth plan. it is a strategic question and we certainly want to think about how we enhance that plan long-term, certainly as you think about that next level of generation investments, here we'll evaluate that as well to see what makes the best sense for us long-term.
James Moore: Perfect. Thank you very much for the color and for taking my questions.
Joe Hamrock: Thanks, James.
Operator: And there are no further question at this time, I will turn the call back over to the presenters for closing remarks.
Joe Hamrock: Hey, thanks, Julien. Thank you all for your questions. Let me just close by reiterating a few of the key takeaways from our release today. We are targeting the top end of our guidance range for  and we  the investments needed to replace this capacity will be evaluated in the coming months with an expectation to roll out more clarity and precision on that at an Investor Day to be held in the latter part of the first half of next year.  Our progress on the gas rate cases continues. We've got settlements on the table, or orders awaited in three states and filing of a new case in Indiana and along with the Ohio case that's pending. And finally, again, we do look forward to the steps between now and on Investor Day at the end of the first half of 2022. Key opportunity for us to extend this long-term growth trajectory. And we do appreciate you for joining us this morning. We know it's a busy day for all of you, so please stay safe and make it a good day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is RJ and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the NiSource Second Quarter 2021 Investor Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Chris Turnure, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Chris Turnure: Good morning, and welcome to the NiSource second quarter 2021 investor call. Joining me today are Joe Hamrock, our Chief Executive Officer; Donald Brown, our Chief Financial Officer; Shawn Anderson, our Chief Strategy and Risk Officer; and Randy Hulen, our VP of Investor Relations and Treasurer. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource’s financial performance for the second quarter of 2021 as well as provide an update on our operations and growth drivers. Following our prepared remarks, we’ll open the call to your questions. Slides for today’s call are available on nisource.com. Before turning the call over to Joe, Donald and Shawn, just a quick reminder, some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some of the statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and segment information, included in our full financial schedules available at nisource.com. With all that out of the way, I’d like to turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Hamrock: Thanks, Chris. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Hopefully, you’ve all had a chance to read our second quarter earnings release, which we issued earlier today. We made significant progress in our generation transition and the current renewable replacement plan with Indiana commission approval now received for all of our joint venture renewable projects. In addition, we have received more than 180 proposals in our 2021 Integrated Resource Plan or IRP process, which will inform our generation replacement strategy in Indiana beyond 2023. We continue to expect that our infrastructure programs and generation investments will drive compound annual growth of 7% to 9% in diluted net operating earnings per share from 2021 through 2024 while reducing greenhouse gas emissions 90% by 2030 compared to 2005 levels. Let’s turn now to Slide 3 and take a closer look at our key takeaways. In the second quarter, we delivered non-GAAP diluted net operating earnings of $0.13 per share results reflect safety and modernization investments, COVID impacts, and they reflect the profile of our business without Columbia Gas of Massachusetts. We are reaffirming our earnings guidance and long-term financial commitments. We expect 2021 earnings of 41.32 to $1.36 per share in non-GAAP diluted net operating earnings. We continue to expect annual growth, safety and modernization investments of $1.9 billion to $2.2 billion, plus approximately $2 billion in renewables and associated transmission investments through 2023. NiSource expects to grow its diluted net operating earnings per share by 7% to 9% on a compound annual growth rate basis from 2021 through 2024 including near-term annual growth of 5% to 7% through 2023. As I mentioned, the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission has approved 13 of our 14 proposed renewable energy projects and the new RFP for electric capacity and energy associated with NIPSCO’s 2021 IRP that is currently underway has drawn strong engagement from the vendor community. In other parts of our business, we filed rate cases in Ohio, Kentucky, and Maryland during the quarter, in addition to the case filed during the first quarter in Pennsylvania, where we are in advanced settlement discussions. Safety advancements continue across NiSource guided by our implementation of the industries safety management system, which serves as our core operating model. Recent advancements include the accelerated integration of contractors into our safety plans and deployment of Picarro advanced leak detection technology in two more states. Our environmental performance targets represent another vital commitment. I’m pleased to say that we remain on target. We expect to reduce total greenhouse gas emissions 90% by 2030 from 2005 levels. That includes a 50% reduction in methane emissions from gas mains and services by 2025. On that commitment, NiSource has already achieved an estimated 39% reduction in pipeline methane emissions compared to 2005 levels. Our infrastructure replacement programs are driving these improvements. Also last year, more than 1 million of our customers participated in our energy efficiency programs. On that note, let’s look at some NiSource utilities highlights for the second quarter, starting with our gas operations on Slide 9. The Ohio rate cases, one of three new rate cases filed in the second quarter. We’re requesting an annual revenue increase of approximately $221 million net of the trackers being rolled into base rates, pending a decision from the PUCO. New rates would be effective in mid-2022. In Kentucky, we filed a request for an approximately $27 million annual revenue increase net of trackers. And in Maryland, we filed a case on May 14, once again, net of trackers requesting about a $5 million annual revenue increase. New rates are proposed to go into effect in December of this year. In Pennsylvania, we filed a case just before the end of the first quarter, requesting an annual increase in revenue of approximately $98 million. Now let’s look at our electric operations on Slide 10. I’ll touch on NIPSCO’s Electric TDSIC plan. We’ve filed a new five-year plan in June. The $1.6 billion plan includes newly identified projects aimed at enhancing service and reliability for customers as well as some previously identified projects. We expect to receive an order from the IURC in December of this year. The other items on this slide relate to our transition out of coal generation, and I’ll turn it over to Shawn Anderson to give more detail.
Shawn Anderson: Thank you, Joe. We continue to be encouraged by the strong progress, advancing our renewable generation projects stemming from NIPSCO’s 2018 IRP. Over the course of the last three months, eight renewables projects informed by the 2018 IRP preferred pathway received approval from the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission. This brings NIPSCO to the verge of an important milestone with 13 of 14 renewables projects approved to advance and replace the retiring capacity of the Schahfer Generating Station. Importantly, this includes all joint venture projects and leaves Crossroads II Wind, a power purchase agreement as the only project awaiting approval. Combining these new generating facilities, with a number of transmission projects to support system reliability across the new footprint. NiSource continues to track toward approximately $2 billion of renewable generation investments through 2023. We are excited, these projects will produce clean, reliable power for our communities, while saving NIPSCO customers, approximately $4 billion over the long-term. While the commercial and regulatory processes have advanced to support the preferred pathway from the 2018 IRP. NIPSCO’s 2021 IRP process is well underway and continues to track within its timeline. As noted in our release, in second quarter, we completed a request for proposal solicitation, similar to the process deployed in 2018. We are pleased with the response in terms of both the quality and the quantity of the proposals, which continues to show high levels of engagement in the vendor community as we advance our generation transition. Furthermore, with these more than 180 proposals covering a wide range of technologies and ownership constructs. It continues to point to a robust market across generation technologies, which will drive value for our customers and stakeholders. A few notes about the process and timing, the IRP analysis that we are currently stepping through. We’ll utilize data from the RFP to help inform the broad resource portfolio options for NIPSCO, in terms of Michigan City retirement timing, choices of replacement technologies and ownership constructs. We will share directional findings with stakeholders at public advisory meetings in the third quarter, incorporating stakeholder feedback along the way. We expect to develop the stakeholder supported preferred resource path within the 2021 IRP, which will be submitted to the IURC on or before November 1. Once the preferred plan is finalized and communicated, execution activities could commence, which may include commercial negotiations and further due diligence on specific assets or projects. Any specific projects then identified which support this preferred plan would represent incremental projects beyond the 14 highlighted earlier and in addition to the approximately $2 billion in renewable investments, NIPSCO has already filed. These are significant steps within NiSource and are part of our energy transition, which we were calling your energy, your future. As we work with stakeholders to create a dependable, affordable, and sustainable energy model, delivering the reliability our customers can trust. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Donald, who will discuss our second quarter financial performance in more detail.
Donald Brown: Thanks, Shawn, and good morning, everyone. Looking at our second quarter 2021 results on Slide 4, we had non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $53 million or $0.13 per diluted share compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $50 million or $0.13 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2020. I would note that 2021 results exclude earnings related to Columbia Gas of Massachusetts, due to the sale closing in October of 2020. Looking more closely at our segment three months non-GAAP results on Slide 5, gas distribution operating earnings were about $66 million for the quarter, representing a decline of approximately $8 million versus last year. Operating revenues, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were down about $28 million due to the sale of CMA and partially offset by increased infrastructure program revenues and customer growth. Operating expenses, also net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were lower by about $20 million, mostly due to the CMA sale offset by higher employee related costs and outside services spending. In our Electric segment, three months non-GAAP operating earnings were about $85 million, which was nearly $5 million lower than the second quarter of 2020. Operating revenues rose about $11 million, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses due to infrastructure investments and increased customer usage. Operating expenses, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were up about $16 million due to generation related maintenance and employee-related costs. Now turning to Slide 6, I’d like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of June 30 was about $9.2 billion, which about $9.1 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 15 years and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 3.7%. At the end of the second quarter, we maintain net available liquidity of about $2.2 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization program. With Moody’s recently concluding their latest credit review, all three major rating agencies have reaffirmed our investment grade credit ratings with stable outlooks in 2021. Taken together, this represents a solid financial foundation to continue to support our long-term safety and infrastructure investments. Let’s take a quick look at Slide 8, which highlights our financing plan. There are no changes to our plan since last quarter’s equity unit issuance. Last quarter’s issuance had significantly de-risked our financing plans and it’s consistent with all of our earnings and credit commitments. As Joe mentioned in our key takeaways, we are reaffirming our 2021 earnings guidance and long-term financial commitments. I should remind everyone that we’re stating the guidance and diluted earnings per share due to last quarter’s equity issuance. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest and support of NiSource. We’re now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. Good morning. My first question is on, I think the topic of the potential asset modernization that we have been talking about the past few months, it seems like just on these slides, that language is no longer on there. Just wanting to get your color and latest thoughts on any potential for that in your planning period and whether in the near-term, it’s just that given the equity units and other funding that’s already planned for the base CapEx, whether there is no immediate fee to raise that type of cash for further CapEx.
Joe Hamrock: Yes. Good morning, Insoo. Thanks for joining us. You should not read anything into that slide update. We remain focused on long-term shareholder value that hasn’t changed and we’re evaluating market conditions and our portfolio as an ongoing part of that process. And so though it’s related to the financing, as you noted, we continue to view any asset still is primarily a strategic decision based on long-term shareholder value, more than as a way to satisfy any near-term financing need. And that’s really, I mean, we’ve stated it over and over, that’s underpinned by our plan that drives 7% to 9% long-term growth inclusive of all financing in the current planning horizon and without any assets sales. So clearly a strategic shift would need to enhance. What’s already a strong plan? That said, given our exceptionally large known CapEx cycle, potential future investment opportunities that will unfold as we go forward and continued modest equity funding needs that go along with that or meaning our ATM program. It shouldn’t be surprising that we’re not taking those options off the table, just because it’s not on a slide, doesn’t mean it’s not continuing to be on the table. And those factors can converge with strategic alternatives at any point in time. So I appreciate the question.
Insoo Kim: Got it. That makes a lot of sense. My other question is, just on the electric demand growth that you’ve seen this quarter and year-to-date, Indiana seems like a pretty robust rebound, especially in the commercial and industrials. How does that trend compare versus your expectations, I guess earlier in the year. And are you seeing momentum that’s continuing as we head into the second half.
Donald Brown: I’ll take that, good morning. I think what you’re seeing on the C&I sales in electric business really is the impact of COVID last year in the second quarter. That second quarter where you had the businesses shutdown and certainly our largest customers shutdown operations had the biggest financial impact on us in that second quarter. So that’s the recovery what you’re seeing. And it certainly, as we expected and what we plan for, so very good outcome. And I’d say on the smaller commercial, we continue to feed a recovery there. Again, that’s expected in part of our plan and we’ll continue to monitor and manage that.
Insoo Kim: Got it. And just going forward, I guess when things – when we think about normal low growth overall, what’s a good rule of thumb type of level we should be thinking there.
Donald Brown: Yes. On the electric side, taking out the industrial, the largest industrial, which is pretty stable for the other customer classes we’re seeing in the 1% range, maybe a little less than 1%.
Insoo Kim: Understood. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning, team. Thanks for taking my question. Just on the 2021 IRP, I’m just thinking about, of course, can you confirm for us that any incremental capital spend coming out of that 2021 IRP in Indiana that would be sort of above and beyond your current CapEx plan, am I thinking about this the right way.
Joe Hamrock: Yes, that’s right. I think you said that right, Durgesh. Anything we that emerges from that from the IRP process would set up our planning cycle for next year and would allow us to roll forward our CapEx plan. But it’s too early to predict how that’ll play out, given where we are in the IRP.
Durgesh Chopra: That’s great. And then just thinking about, you obviously had a lot of success in the 2018 IRP, $2 billion in CapEx. Should we think about the upside or directionally, I mean, I guess if I were the handicap CapEx opportunities is the 2018 IRP as sort of a good starting point to make that assessment.
Joe Hamrock: Yes. I think it’s little too early to say that, because the IRP itself is sets up the plan. There are other factors outside of the IRP, notably, MISO’s continuing evolution of capacity credits and how to think about that, the evolving picture that we see through the RFP that we’re running here. So I think of it as an envelope that you’ll see, when we file the IRP, an envelope of opportunity. And all else being equal, our bias being to seek the investment opportunities that come through that plan. So we’ll know a lot more as we get through the coming stages of the IRP. And then beyond that into the final stages of planning for the replacement of Michigan City, which the timing of which is also part of the question in the IRP process.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood, thanks. And just one last one, just long the in terms of timing, sort of your Q4 call sets up pretty nicely with the filing of the IRP. Is that sort of for us to kind of look at what your forward looking plans are going to be in. What you might be able to accomplish in this IRP. Is that a good sort of a date for us to watch for an update from an IRP perspective?
Joe Hamrock: Yes. Just the overall timelines, the way they overlay it would be our Q3 call will be pretty close to the timing of the filing of the IRP. So there’ll be plenty to talk about there. That’d be a little early to a roll forward our CapEx plan, because there’s a lot of other parts of the business that go into the ultimate long range plan. And our business planning cycle, we’ll push that out to first half of next year sometime before, we’d likely be in a position to extend CapEx and growth rate guidance.
Durgesh Chopra: [Indiscernible] Thank you so much. Appreciate the time.
Joe Hamrock: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Peters from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
David Peters: Hey, good morning guys. Couple of questions for me. Yes. Just – first, nice to see that you have the CPCNs for all the JV projects. And obviously I know third parties are developing those, but just wondering, are they all currently on schedule and budget just given some of the inflationary pressures kind of supply chain bottlenecks we’ve seen in the market. Have you guys seen any project – any impact your projects?
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Good morning. This is Shawn. I’ll take that question. Yes is the answer to your question. Everything remains on time, on schedule on budget. We’re confident in that schedule, we’re – in constant communication with our developers and everything continues to track, including even one project, which we expect to be concluding construction here in fourth quarter of 2021. So much to look forward to as we sequence through that.
David Peters: Great. Thank you. And then the other one, just on the ATM, can you guys share how much you have done year-to-date within your $200 million, $300 million target?
Donald Brown: Yes. Good morning. We have satisfied this year’s equity need of $200 million to $300 million. So we’re pretty good this year, certainly as you know, we’ve outlined it’s $200 million to 300 million annually through 2022, and then we expect in 2023, up to $150 million of ATM.
David Peters: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Travis Miller from Morningstar. Your line is open.
Travis Miller: Good morning, everyone. Thank you. Thinking back one of the questions about CapEx, as you’ve gone through the early stages here of replacing the coal with new renewables and thinking about your target out the 2028 and 2030. What does that trajectory look like in terms of more renewables that will be needed, right? If you give the – spend some of my question. You learn kind of what the investment need is relative to retiring coal plants and what that trajectory would look like going out.
Shawn Anderson: Yes, good morning. This is Shawn. So to get back to the 2018 preferred plan, it did as you noted have the retirement of Michigan City by 2028 with the replacement solution at that time pointing towards renewables. And so then you step into the current time where we’re at with the 2021 IRP. We’re putting all those assumptions back into reevaluate to ensure that that continues to path or if there’s any changes, and Joe highlighted some of those as you think about MISO’s changes or resource adequacy requirements, how that factors in into the blend of components that produce a plan and integrated resource plan with the reliability that’s necessary as well as the affordability that’s necessary, the compliance that’s necessary and all the other factors that you would use to measure in an entire fleet and entire portfolio. So the current plan is still that plan, which would be the retirement of Michigan City by 2028 with the replacement of renewables. And then the RFP process that we just stepped through helps to inform the actionable bids or technology and portfolio solutions that could come online to help support that build out. And as you know, we did an all source RFP, which allows other technology to come in and compete, and then we can evaluate all those different factors back within the context of the IRP itself and then the affordability, as well as the reliability and compliance, et cetera.
Travis Miller: Okay. So then that run rate that you’ve been looking at just in terms of dollars, nothing material you’ve learned new since the last two, three years going through that whole co-retirement reclosing with renewables. Is that’s what I’m kind of thinking about?
Shawn Anderson: That’s accurate. Yes. The existing plan would still be the plan of reference and I’d point you maybe towards the September, stakeholder meeting within the context of the IRP itself that will help to inform more of the existing fleet analysis, which speaks more to the timing question related to Michigan City or the retirement of existing assets, as well as understanding how the replacement technology could sequence it to support that.
Travis Miller: Okay, great. Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Levine from the Citi. Your line is open.
Ryan Levine: Hey, good morning. This might be for Shawn. What level of transparency do you have and the status of the solar development – the solar projects developments given the third-party nature and given a supply chain challenges, could it be a NiSource’s interest to encourage that the way some of these projects.
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. Appreciate it. As I said, we regularly speak with our developers and we have an ongoing dialogue and discussion with our developers to ensure that we remain part of the dialogue through the process. Of course, when those projects operationalize, that takes a significant amount of work on our team’s side as well. And so there’s constant communication to ensure that we’re pacing alongside one another. Our counterparties have track records of being on time and on budget. This combined with the long lead time of the contracts themselves, give us the confidence that these projects continue to path.
Ryan Levine: To the extent that there were price escalations or bottlenecks in the logistics delivery, could that conversation be take place that would encourage NiSource to push these projects to be delayed, given the may result in a better net outcome or how do you think about puts and takes that would underwrite touch it decision?
Shawn Anderson: Yes, it’s a great question. And maybe I’d point you to the beginning of the process, because we worked hard to build it and contractual protections for our customers and our shareholders in the event of a delay. We feel our developer partners are also strongly incentivized to execute on time and on budget. So we have multiple tools available to protect customers and shareholders from any delay. And we’re confident in the discussions, the level of transparency, as well as the construction timelines.
Ryan Levine: Okay. And then last question for me, in terms of the new technologies that are being proposed through the RFP, is there any that weren’t being anticipated and may change the direction that you think the outcome could be in Indiana?
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Great question. So we did receive two actionable proposals related to hydrogen, so not having a bias entering the process, using the RFP results themselves to give an indication of where market developments and technology developments have come together. We were interested in – are interested to learn how those two proposals will stack up against all the other technology that we’re probably more familiar with, as you can imagine. The fact that there were only really two actionable proposals might point to the nascency of the technology and itself, but that’s not necessarily all that surprising as there might needs to be some more depth in the market to make those actionable, but we’ll see that it’s exciting to see that there’s two on the horizon that could be actual within our window. And we’ll see what the results are as the third-party starts to evaluate the quality of those bids and all the other components of the IRP itself.
Ryan Levine: Thanks for the update.
Shawn Anderson: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a follow-up question coming from the line of Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Insoo Kim: Yes, thanks for taking the additional question. I just have one just on your – the latest thoughts on the safety management system on program, after implementing that, and as the program continues to mature, how do you think about what the ultimate impact of those different actions and plans have on your operations and maybe just financially, whether it’s on O&M, is it – can we think about it continue to add a contempt constant layer of cost, or do some of those actions actually help reduce some of the costs going forward?
Joe Hamrock: Yes. Thanks, Insoo for that question. Very insightful framing too. We’re at what I would call full implementation now of the SMS framework across our business and the way it’s translating into the financial results that you pointed out are in a couple of different ways. It’s broadening on a risk basis, the portfolio of investments that we’re making, and ultimately that we’re reflecting in our regulatory proceedings. And so think about the different asset classes, transmission pipe, distribution pipe, measurement regulation, even in our case, non-jurisdictional programs beyond the meter. So that we put all those side by side, evaluate the risk profile of each asset class and prioritize investments accordingly that’s a much more sophisticated model than has been the case historically. And so it’s shifting the investment mix. And in some cases, we’ve seen the regulatory support for those follow along with tracker programs, for example, expanding to include differentiated programs. So it’s been a sort of a net broadening of the investment plan. And then from an O&M standpoint, it’s you’ve seen the O&M trajectory here, we’re down. And it’s actually driving efficiencies in some ways, because of the nature of how the programs are designed. So that the actual program level cost is fully embedded in our current run rate. And I wouldn’t expect to see an increasing layer of cost associated – O&M cost associated with the SMS program itself. And then finally, I think the – maybe the most important point is the de-risking that’s happening as a result of those programs both in terms of asset programs and process safety, where we’ve implemented incremental process controls across the risk areas in the business or critical tasks that might have high consequence risks associated with them. And we’ve been implementing those. We’ll continue to do that, but those generally are reconfiguration versus incremental capacity in the business model. So feel very good about where we are from a financial profile related to SMS and safety and a lot of opportunity in front of us for further de-risking of the business.
Insoo Kim: That makes a lot of sense. So thank you so much.
Joe Hamrock: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions over the phone line at this time. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Joe Hamrock for closing remarks. Sir?
Joe Hamrock: Thank you, RJ, and thank you all for your questions. Let me close by just reiterating a few key points. One, that we’re confident in our growth plan. We’ve executed a number of key stages in the current growth plan. Notably the renewable generation projects the 13 to 14 now with regulatory approval or CPCN approval, and the related transmission projects that go with that now underscores and underpins the $2 billion in renewable transition investments through 2023. And then the RFP that’s underway for the 2021 IRP as Shawn noted includes 180 new proposals and giving us an updated picture of the opportunities for the future. Add to that four of our gas utilities are in a base rate cases. Now all aligned with investments in modernization and safety that our customers value. And then finally, we’ve reaffirmed our 2021 guidance and our long-term growth rate commitments. So pleasure to be with you today and have an opportunity to share that story. We appreciate you joining us, and we appreciate your interest in support of NiSource. Please stay safe.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. We thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q1 2021 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand today's conference over to your speaker for today, Randy Hulen, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer.
Randy Hulen: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to the NiSource first quarter 2021 investor call. Joining me today are Joe Hamrock, our Chief Executive Officer; Donald Brown, our Chief Financial Officer; and Shawn Anderson, our Chief Strategy and Risk Officer. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource's financial performance for the first quarter of 2021 as well as provide an update on our operations, growth drivers and financing plans. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call to your questions. Slides for today's call are available on nisource.com. Before turning the call over to Joe, Donald and Shawn, just a quick reminder. Some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some of the statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and segment information, including our full financial schedules available at nisource.com. With all that out of the way, I'd like to turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us. Hopefully, you've all had a chance to read our first quarter earnings release which we issued earlier today. With the successful completion of last month's convertible issuance, NiSource is well-positioned to execute the next stage of our growth plan, driven by safety and asset modernization programs, as well as our electric generation transmission strategy. In Indiana, we kicked off our 2021 Integrated Resource Plan process, which will inform our strategy beyond 2023 and we initiated four new renewable energy projects. We continue to expect that our infrastructure and generation investments will drive compound annual growth of 7% to 9% in diluted net operating earnings per share from the midpoint of our narrowed 2021 guidance through 2024. We also expect to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 90% by 2030. Let's turn now to Slide 3 and take a closer look at our key takeaways. In the first quarter, we delivered non-GAAP diluted net operating earnings of $0.77 per share. These results include increased earnings from our safety and modernization investments and reflect the profile of our business without Columbia Gas of Massachusetts. As you saw in our release, today we narrowed our 2021 non-GAAP diluted net operating earnings guidance to a $1.32 to a $1.36 per share, which represents the upper half of the previous range. This narrowed range reflects lower than previously expected COVID impacts and more certainty with regulatory outcomes offset by slightly higher diluted share count resulting from the equity unit issuance. We expect to make approximately $10 billion in capital investments through 2024. These include annual investments of $1.9 billion to $2.2 billion in growth, safety and modernization programs. In addition, our investments in renewable generation are now expected to total approximately $2 billion over this period. As we outlined at our 2020 Investor Day, NiSource expects to grow its diluted net operating earnings per share by 7% to 9% on a compound annual growth rate basis from 2021 through 2024 including near-term annual growth of 5% to 7% through 2023. Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania received an order in its 2020 rate case and it has filed a new rate case to support its safety and modernization plans, which I will discuss in more detail later in this call. In addition, we have continued to successfully execute on our renewable energy strategy adding four new renewable energy projects as part of our Your Energy, Your Future initiative. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Donald who will discuss our first quarter financial performance in more detail.
Donald Brown: Thanks, Joe and good morning, everyone. Looking at our first quarter 2021 results in Slide 4, we had non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $305 million or $0.77 per diluted share compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $291 million or $0.76 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2020. I would note that 2021 results exclude earnings related to Columbia Gas of Massachusetts or CMA due to the sale closing in October of 2020. Looking more closely at our segment three-month non-GAAP results on Slide 5, gas distribution operating earnings were about $374 million for the quarter, representing a decline of approximately $18 million versus last year. Operating revenues, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were down about $84 million due to the sale of CMA, partially offset by increased infrastructure program revenues and customer growth. Operating expenses also net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were lower by about $66 million, mostly due to the CMA sale and lower employee-related costs, partially offset by increased depreciation and amortization expense. In our Electric segment, three-month non-GAAP operating earnings were about $91 million, which was approximately $11 million higher than the first quarter of 2020. This increase was driven primarily by an approximately $9 million increase in operating revenues, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses due to infrastructure investments and increased customer usage. Operating expenses net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were slightly lower due to environmental and employee-related cost. Now, turning to Slide 6, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of March 31 was about $9.8 billion, of which about $9.1 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity in our long-term debt was approximately 15 years, and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 3.7%. At the end of the first quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $1.9 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and other accounts receivable securitization program. Our credit rating from all three major rating agencies are investment grade and we remain committed to maintaining our current investment grade ratings. Taken together, this represents a solid financial foundation to support our long-term safety and infrastructure investments. Let's take a quick look at Slide 8, which highlights our updated financing plan. I would just note that following last month's equity unit issuance, we no longer expect to issue block or discrete equity through 2024. This issuance that received 100% equity credit from all three agencies allows NiSource to capture share price upside and provide timely proceeds for our renewable investment. Most importantly, this issuance significantly de-risks our financing plans and is consistent with all of our earnings and credit commitments. Now, I'd like to turn the call back over to Joe, who will provide some infrastructure investment and regulatory updates for our gas and electric business.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you, Donald. Now, let's look at some NiSource utilities highlights for the first quarter of 2021 starting with our gas operations on Slide 9. In Pennsylvania, the Public Utility Commission approved an annual revenue increase of $63.5 million in the rate case we filed in 2020. This reflects our investments to modernize and upgrade our natural gas distribution system, as well as maintain the continued safety of the system. The commission also approved an ROE of 9.86% with rates effective as of January 23 of this year. In addition, the company filed another base rate case in March to support its ongoing safety and modernization program. In Kentucky, we received an order on April 30 from the Public Service Commission in our Safety Modification and Replacement Program Tracker filing. This order approves $40 million in upgrades and replacements under way in 2021 and $2.6 million of incremental revenue. In Indiana, NIPSCO continues its long-term gas modernization program. Nearly $950 million in capital investments are planned through 2025 to be recovered through semi-annual adjustments to the existing gas transmission, distribution and storage improvement charge or TDSIC tracker. Rates approved in our 2020 filing became effective in January of this year. In Virginia, we implemented rates approved in our 2020 Steps to Advance Virginia Energy or SAVE tracker filing. Now let's look at our electric operations on Slide 10. NIPSCO has filed notice to terminate its current electric transmission, distribution and storage improvement charge or TDSIC plan. We expect to file a new five-year plan on or soon after June 1. The updated plan will include newly identified projects aimed at enhancing service and reliability for customers, as well as some previously identified projects. As mentioned earlier, we have begun our 2021 Integrated Resource Plan or IRP process. Similar to our 2018 IRP, the process will include an RFP for new resources. We plan to receive input from customers in a wide variety of other stakeholders throughout the year and expect to submit our plan to the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission by November. I would now like to ask Shawn to provide more on the significance of the IRP and an update about our renewable generation projects.
Shawn Anderson: Thank you, Joe. We continue to make strong progress on our renewable generation transition. In total, we have announced 14 renewable projects which will likely fill the balance of capacity necessary to replace the retiring units at our Schahfer generating station, which continues to track for retirement by May 2023. Four new projects have been announced in 2021. They include two projects with EDP renewables, Indiana Crossroads Solar Park, which is a build-transfer agreement and is expected to enter service in 2022. And Indiana Crossroads II which is a wind project announced as a power purchase agreement or PPA and is expected to enter service in 2023. We also announced Fairbanks Solar, a build-transfer agreement with Invenergy for a 250-megawatt project expected to be online in 2023. And finally, we signed a build-transfer agreement with Capital Dynamics for a 200-megawatt project expected to be operational in 2023 named Elliot Solar. We've already begun the regulatory approval process for these projects. Upcoming shortly in the second quarter of 2021 we expect an order from the IURC on four previously filed projects our Dunns Bridge I and II, Cavalry Solar Energy Center and Green River Solar Projects. All of these updates continue to track on time to retire nearly 80% of our remaining coal-fired generation by 2023 and retire all coal generation by 2028 to be replaced by lower cost, reliable and cleaner options. The plan is expected to drive a 90% reduction in our greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 and is expected to save our electric customers an estimated $4 billion over 30 years. The executed agreements we've announced are also within budget, representing approximately $2 billion of renewable generation investments. The projects these agreements support represent NIPSCO's investment interest in the replacement capacity which equates to approximately half of the total capacity needed. The remaining new capacity is in the form of power purchase agreements. Finally, as Joe has highlighted, in the fourth quarter of 2021, NIPSCO plans to submit a new integrated resource plan to the IURC that will continue to outline its long-term generation plans including the planned retirement of Michigan City Generating Station. The preferred plan that emerges from the 2021 IRP could create additional capital investment opportunities. We are excited about the significant progress in executing our plan and we look forward to more updates in the future quarters. Now, I'd like to turn the call back over to Joe.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you, Shawn. I'd like to turn to our foundational commitment; safety. Our Safety Management System, SMS, is an established operating model within NiSource. Recent advances in SMS include expanded quality management and achieving Gold Shovel Standard Certification. We are continuously enhancing process safety capabilities and ensuring effective asset management to reduce risks. I'd also like to note that we've begun a third-party validation of our SMS implementation and we are working toward accreditation in 2022. Before turning to the Q&A portion of today's call, I'll share and reiterate a few key takeaways. With last month's convertible issuance, NiSource is well positioned to execute the next stage of our growth plan driven by continued execution of our safety and asset modernization programs as well as our electric generation transition strategy. We are narrowing our 2021 non-GAAP deluded net operating earnings guidance to $1.32 to $1.36 per share, which represents the upper half of the previous guidance. We expect to make approximately $10 billion in capital investments through 2024. These include annual investments of $1.9 billion to $2.2 billion in growth, safety and modernization programs. In addition, our investments in renewable generation are now expected to total approximately $2 billion over this period. As we outlined at our 2020 Investor Day, NiSource continues to expect to grow its deluded net operating earnings per share by 7% to 9% on a compound annual growth rate basis from 2021 through 2024 including near-term annual growth of 5% to 7% through 2023. In addition, we now have a total of 14 renewable energy projects as part of our Your Energy, Your Future initiative. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from the line of Shahriar Pourreza of Guggenheim.
Shahriar Pourreza: So, just a couple quick questions here, Joe and Donald. So, obviously, the block equity needs are solved but maybe curious how you're sort of thinking about further asset optimization, especially with some of the healthier prints we've seen with Centerpoint and Duke. I guess, Joe, do you see value maybe to further simplify your jurisdictional footprint, maybe shrink your balance sheet, shut off the ATMs and internal programs, and take some incremental dry powder especially as we're seeing additional opportunities on the renewable side ramp up over the next few years? Further of a strategic start question.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. Thanks, Shar. And as we've said consistently, we're always exploring opportunities to drive and sustain long-term shareholder value. That's really the underpinning of the question. And options for shaping our footprint and our business mix are a key part of that. And we objectively and thoroughly evaluate those on an ongoing basis. The key backdrop for us is the current plan that has 10% or higher rate base growth in each of our utility companies. And that comprises the $40 billion of identified investments over 20 years that I think is uniquely well balanced and supported by constructive regulatory mechanisms and policy environments across our jurisdiction. So, that all adds up to a strong hand with options and time to ensure any moves that we might make truly enhance value on a risk-adjusted basis. So, very open minded, very deliberate and thoughtful about that and as we work through particularly this year, our electric IRP as we've talked about today and we refine other long-range investment plans particularly beyond 2023, it's pretty clear plan out through '23. These options will all remain on the table. We'll continue to look at those opportunities. And then on the point about LDC values, we're all seeing that LDC value indicators in the private markets appear to be really strong and either more aligned with the fundamentals and the sustainable growth that we see in the business. And so, I think it's important to take that as an input that kind of cuts both ways and then maybe even extending that perspective just a bit in a clean energy transition supporting a modern high-tech economy. It's more important that we solve for and plan for secure, reliable, resilient energy systems. And we think the natural gas system has a key role in that transition. So, we're looking at all of that with a long-term shareholder value perspective. And it'll always be an alternative to traditional financing as you noted.
Donald Brown: And let me add Joe, I'd say if you look at the financing we've done, it really does put us in a place of having more flexibility because it firmly puts this in our target range of 14% to 15% episode of debt, which gives us some flexibility really think strategically about how we grow the business. And certainly, as we continue to look at the long-term plan, we'll look at portfolio, but we'll also look at what are those growth opportunities in our business, and the timing of the growth investments and how we finance those.
Shahriar Pourreza: Terrific. Thanks, Donald. And then, just on sort of the uptick in renewable spend get to see that there. And obviously, you guys highlighted there could be incremental spend coming from the new IRP. Can you just remind us if the incremental spend that can come about is that sort of embedded in your current trajectory as we think about rate base growth or earnings especially as you guys extend through '24, right, or potential new opportunities that come about from the IRP potentially accretive to the - to how you guys currently guide? So, extend the runway or accretive and assuming that you guys are embedding a 50/50 PPA versus JV structure on any new opportunities anyway it appears.
Donald Brown: Yes. If we think about the - if you're referring to the new IRP that we just entered into that's really going to look at opportunities and what that generation strategy is post-2024, so Michigan City replacement opportunities. So, it'll be an extension of that. And so, we'll get through that by the end of the year. That will provide some insight in terms of what that portfolio would look like beyond 2024 and potentially provide some insight on what investment opportunities there might be for us.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. And so, just to bring that back around, the $2 billion we talked about today is all included in the growth rate guidance that we reaffirmed today. And I'd note that just this morning, even as we speak, the Indiana Commission approved three more renewable projects and another PPA, so really four projects like those being the Dunns Bridge project and the Cavalry project. So, with those now approved, approximately two-thirds of the $2 billion that we've talked about is already approved by the commission.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Charles Fishman of Morningstar.
Joseph Hamrock: Good morning, Charles.
Operator: Charles, your phone is muted, please unmute.
Charles Fishman: I'm sorry. Joe, you said that you had more certainty with respect to regulatory outlook and you just had a decision or recently had a decision in Pennsylvania. Is that what you base that statement on? Is it because you have a ROE in that decision where you had a settlement the time before or is there any more color you can provide to that statement you made?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. Thanks, Charles. Good to hear from you this morning. That's a big part of the '21 regulatory agenda but also a number of our trackers are already approved. So we're well through the regulatory calendar for 2021. And so that total picture is the basis for the revision to our guidance.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then if I could just ask just a couple housekeeping things probably for Donald. On the guidance now, when we say the 7% to 9% on top of '21 guidance, is that the original guidance of $1.28 to $1.36 or the revised guidance this morning?
Donald Brown: It would be the revised guidance, the narrowed guidance.
Charles Fishman: The growth is off the narrowed guidance?
Donald Brown: That's right.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then, I certainly had a discussion with Randy and Chris on the equity units. But just I guess a question I forgot to ask them is, if you're willing to answer or giving an answer to this. Can you give us any guide at the weighted average shares in '21?
Donald Brown: Weighted average shares in '21.
Charles Fishman: Yes. That's for your EPS.
Donald Brown: Have patience. I don't know if Randy - if you've got - why don't we follow up with you?
Charles Fishman: That's fine. That's just a modeling question. Thank you. Thank you. That's all I had.
Joseph Hamrock: If I can insert just a second. If you just take where we ended 2020, Charles which was about $392 million and you assume the equity units and even the price they were issued at $24.51 that would be approximately $35 million additional shares. But of course, you'd only take seven-twelfths of that if you will from a weighted average standpoint. And then of course then you would add in an assumption around the ATM which we've guided toward $200 million to $300 million and divide it by a price perhaps $24 or $25 you get about $12 million additional shares there. But usually, we settle on those shares in December so they won't have a huge impact from a weighted average standpoint. But that should give you a good indication for modeling on where the share count is.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thanks for the time and opportunity to connect here.
Joseph Hamrock: Hey. Morning, Julian.
Donald Brown: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you. Hey, perhaps if I could follow up on Charles question a little bit here. You talk about being more front footed and thinking strategically here after raising the latest liquidity and improving your metrics. Can you elaborate what those criteria might be or how are you thinking about things? I mean, is it about having a certain critical mass in certain states? Is it about being weighted electric versus gas or are there other factors? I just want to - if you don't mind elaborating a little bit.
Donald Brown: Yes. Sure. I mean it goes back to risk-adjusted growth prospects and strong balance sheet for the cash generation. But among the factors that you mentioned, business mix, and I would characterize the scale and the jurisdiction as one of those factors as well. All of those things go into the way we look at the portfolio. And we'll continue to look at those as we go forward. But you put in front of that the $40 billion of identified investment and the growth rate that's driven off of the current footprint. And then it's really that's kind of your base case for evaluation of strategic alternatives.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Richard Sunderland of JPMorgan.
Richard Sunderland: Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just starting off with the narrow guidance range. What are your COVID assumptions baked into that over the balance of the year and realized on the quarter?
Donald Brown: Yes. Thanks for the question. So, for the quarter, overall, COVID did not have a material impact on us. Really had some offsetting items in terms of higher residential sales offsetting continued lower sales from our small commercial and some industrial. And so as we think - so, what we've done is we removed that $0.05 that we had in our guidance with the expectation that it's not going to be material for the balance of this year. Certainly, we've got some risk from a bad debt expense. But even with that, we think that won't be material for us for the balance of this year.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. That's very clear. And then just turning back to the optimization discussion. I can appreciate that the financing strategy has been derisked materially falling to equity units. But just curious as a financing tool specifically how you view that as a piece of the toolset meaning you removed these discrete equity needs for the renewables through 2024. So, does that kind of push out the financing driven timing of any elements there or is it may be tied to that longer term look around the 2021 IRP that we should be getting later this year? I know it's kind of a specific angle here but curious for any thoughts.
Donald Brown: Yes. Certainly, as Joe talked about, we're always evaluating the plan and there's quote in each of our operating companies so we'll continue to do that. As we look at portfolio, that's an ongoing analysis as we look at what's the best alternative to finance the plan. So, I would not say that we have to wait for any other catalysts in terms of our business plan changing including that IRP. It's something that we'll continue to use the data points from those transactions and others to update our analysis. And if it makes sense to do something with portfolio, we would absolutely do that. Again, it's always against evaluating our plan with significant growth 8% to 10% or 10% to 12% rate base growth in all of our businesses and financing that in the most effective way.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question is from the line of [David Peter] with [indiscernible] Research.
Unidentified Analyst: Just on the TDSIC filing in Indiana in June. I guess what prompted the termination of the old program and I guess what should we sort of expect kind of in this new filing? Is it more of the same?
Donald Brown: Yes. For the TDSIC program, yes, there's opportunity driven off of the legislation from a couple of years ago to enhance the investment mix in a TDSIC filing. So that's certainly one of the opportunities we'll be looking at. In the areas of grid modernization even technology footprint, all of those are in the mix of consideration for the next plan. And then, you also have an interplay between your TDSIC timing and your rate cases. So, that's another driver of the timing for this filing.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And then, the second question just with respect to potential legislation out there at the federal level. If you were to see some form of direct payment for PTCs or ITCs come across, have you looked at how that might impact your renewable strategy current or future projects just given that you guys are using a good amount of tax equity?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. That's something we're paying attention to. There's not a lot of detail yet on how that might happen, and from the timing of where we are in our plan, how to impact that plan. So, I think current expectations our plan won't change, but certainly direct payments could provide some upside. But we've got to get more information on what that means. And again, it's also based upon the timing of that legislation with our financing of our current projects.
Donald Brown: And then, strategically, longer term, while we're on that topic of the tax credits, we like to see that concept expanded to support renewable natural gas and/or hydrogen because in the clean energy transition there's not only a room for but a need for alternative energy across the spectrum. So, we think there's an opportunity there as well.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I'll hand over the call to Joe Hamrock, President and Chief Executive Officer for any closing remarks.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Stephanie. Appreciate it. And thanks again to all of you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest and your support. We look forward to more updates in the future. Our plan is dynamic, a number of things moving at any given time. So, it's always a good opportunity. And we appreciate catching up with you. Look forward to seeing many of you at the upcoming AGA Financial conference. So, until then, make every day a safe day. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q4 2020 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions].  I would now like to turn the call over to your speaker today, Randy Hulen, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Randy Hulen: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to the NiSource fourth quarter 2020 investor call. Joining me today are Joe Hamrock, our Chief Executive Officer; Donald Brown, our Chief Financial Officer; and Shawn Anderson, our Chief Strategy and Risk Officer. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource's financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year of 2020 as well as provide an update on our operations, growth drivers and financing plans. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call to your questions. Slides for today's call are available on nisource.com. Before turning the call over to Joe, Donald and Shawn, just a quick reminder, some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings.  Additionally, some of the statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and segment information, including our full financial schedules available at nisource.com. With all that out of the way, I'd like to turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Hopefully, you've all had a chance to read our fourth quarter and full year earnings release, which we issued earlier today. 2020 was a year like no other. Despite the challenges of historic global pandemic, the NiSource team remained focused on our core mission of providing safe, reliable energy to our customers and the communities we serve, while at the same time, enhancing our position to execute on significant long-term growth opportunities.  Our 2020 financial and operational results reflect the resiliency of our business, and continued execution of our safety and asset modernization programs, as well as our transition away from coal generation. In Indiana, we completed two wind power projects in December. And we continue to expect that our infrastructure and generation investments will drive by compound annual growth of 7% to 9% in net operating earnings per share from 2021 through 2024, while reducing greenhouse gas emission 90% by 2030. Let's turn now to Slide 3 and take a closer look at our key takeaways. In 2020, we delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of $1.32 per share as our cost management and regulatory mitigation efforts reduced the financial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition to some I've mentioned already, we achieved a number of other key milestones in 2020. We invested $1.7 billion in our gas and electric utilities, primarily on safety and asset modernization, which remains a top priority. We advanced and matured our Safety Management System and safety enhancement initiatives and 70% of our low-pressure systems are now protected with automatic shutoff devices and remote monitoring. We launched our transformative NiSource Next initiative to support our safety initiatives, build organizational capabilities and enhance our efficiency. We sold the Columbia Gas of Massachusetts business, completing the transaction in 8 months. We lowered the weighted average interest rate on our long-term debt by 60 basis points and enhanced our liquidity through the COVID-19 pandemic, and we continue to see strong demand for natural gas, experiencing a net gain of more than 30,000 gas customers across our 6 state footprint. We are today reaffirming our 2021 non-GAAP net operating earnings guidance of $1.28 to $1.36 per share. Consistent with the long-term growth plan we provided at Investor Day, we expect to make $1.9 billion to $2.2 billion in annual growth, safety and asset modernization investments from 2021 through 2024, and $1.8 billion to $2 billion in renewable generation investments through 2023. I will note that we do expect an order in our Pennsylvania base rate case in the first quarter, with rates that would be retroactive to January 23. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Donald, who will discuss our 2020 financial performance in more detail.
Donald Brown: Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. Looking at our 2020 results on Slide 4, we had non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $508 million or $1.32 per share compared to non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $495 million or $1.32 per share in 2019. I would note the loss of fourth quarter earnings related to the sale of CMA reduced 2020 non-GAAP earnings per share by approximately $0.05.  Looking more closely at our segment 12-month non-GAAP results on Slide 5, operating earnings were up about $36 million for the year in our gas segment. Operating revenues, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were down about $19 million due to the sale of CMA, partially offset by infrastructure program revenues and increased customer growth. Operating expenses, also net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were down about $55 million, mostly due to the CMA sale and lower employee and administrative expenses, partially offset by increased COVID-related costs. In our electric segment, 12-month non-GAAP operating earnings were down by nearly $40 million, driven primarily by an approximately $16 million increase in operating revenues, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses due to new rates from the recent rate case, partially offset by COVID-related impacts from customer usage, late payment fees and reconnection fees. Operating expenses, net of the cost of energy and tracked expenses were up by approximately $55 million due to the increased depreciation expenses. Turning to Slide 6, we provide additional details about the financial impact of COVID-19. As you can see, we're seeing lower commercial and industrial sales, which are partially offset by increased residential sales. We're also seeing reduced late payment and reconnection fees as well as higher bad debt and other expenses. The total growth impact of COVID-19 in 2020 was approximately $0.10 per share. This impact was partially offset by non-safety-related cost management and regulatory solutions, bringing the net 2020 impact of COVID-19 to approximately $0.05 per share. Consistent with our base case, we currently expect an additional COVID impact in 2021 of approximately $0.05 per share which is factored into our 2021 non-GAAP EPS guidance range. While we're monitoring the pandemic closely, to date, it has not presented significant barriers to our safety and infrastructure modernization programs or our long-term growth.  As Joe mentioned, we are reaffirming both our 2021 earnings guidance and the guidance for long-term CapEx and EPS CAGR that we outlined it in deck today. Now turning to Slide 7, I like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of December 31 was about $9.7 billion of which about $9.1 billion was long-term debt. Following the successful liability management transaction in the third quarter, the weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 15 years, and our weighted average interest rate was approximately 3.7%. At the end of the fourth quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $1.7 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility, and other accounts receivable securitization programs. Our credit rating from all three major rating agencies are investment grade and we remain committed to maintaining our current investment grade ratings. Taken together, this represents a solid financial foundation to support our long-term safety and infrastructure investments.  Let's take a quick look at Slide 9, which highlights our current financing plan. I would just note that we continue to look at ways to optimize the financing of our growth strategy. We are currently evaluating scenarios, utilizing hybrids and/or convertibles that get 50% or more equity credit with the rating agencies and could minimize the need for block equity offering in 2022 or 2023. We would anticipate a hybrid or convertible offering sometime in the first half of 2021. I would also note that next week, we plan to file a new at the market or ATM equity program to satisfy our ATM needs for the next 3 years. Just to remind everyone, our guidance is inclusive of this financing plan. Now, I'd like to turn the call back over to Joe, who will provide some infrastructure investment and regulatory updates for our gas and electric businesses.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you, Donald. Now, let's take a look at some NiSource utilities highlights for the fourth quarter and early first quarter of 2021, starting with our gas operations on Slide 10. In Pennsylvania, our base rate case remains pending before the Public Utility Commission. The application originally filed in April 2020 was modified in December and now seeks an annual revenue increase of $76.8 million to invest in, modernize and upgrade our existing natural gas distribution system as well as maintain the continued safety of the system. An order is expected in the first quarter of 2021 with new rates expected to become effective retroactive to January 23, 2021. In Maryland, the Public Service Commission approved the settlement in our base rate request in November 2020. The approved settlement supports further upgrading and replacement of our pipelines and is expected to increase annual revenue by $3.3 million, including $1.3 million of current tracker revenue. New rates became effective in December 2020. In Indiana, our latest tracker update was approved in December in our long-term gas infrastructure modernization program. The update covers $26 million in incremental capital invested under the program between January and June of 2020, and new rates became effective in January of 2021. The Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission in 2020 approved a 6-year extension of the program, including nearly $950 million in planned capital investments through 2025 to be recovered through semiannual adjustments to the existing gas Transmission, Distribution and Storage Improvement Charge or TDSIC tracker. Now let's look at our electric operations on Slide 11. In January, the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission approved the latest tracker update request in our long-term electric infrastructure modernization plan. The approved electric TDSIC tracker update covers more than $122 million in incremental capital investments made between July 2019 and June 2020, and new rates became effective this month. This well-established program includes enhancements to our electric transmission and distribution system designed to further enhance safety and reliability. The program originally approved by the IURC in 2016 includes approximately $1.2 billion in electric infrastructure investments expected to be made through 2022. And now, I'll ask Shawn Anderson to provide an update about our renewable generation projects.
Shawn Anderson: Thank you, Joe. As Joe shared earlier, we completed our first 2 wind projects, Rosewater and Jordan Creek on time in December, which is an exciting milestone in executing our generation transition. Rosewater is our joint venture with EDP Renewables North America and our tax equity partner, Wells Fargo. Jordan Creek represents a Power Purchase Agreement or PPA with NextEra Energy Resources. These completed projects are now powering more than 125,000 homes across Indiana with cleaner, more cost-effective energy. Our third wind project Indiana Crossroads remains under construction. This joint venture with EDP is expected to be in service at the end of this year. These renewable projects are consistent with their 2018 integrated resource plan, within which the preferred pathway plans to retire nearly 80% of our remaining coal-fired generation by 2023 and retire all coal generation by 2028 to be replaced by lower cost, reliable and cleaner options. The plan is expected to drive a 90% reduction in our greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 and is expected to save our electric customers an estimated $4 billion over 30 years. As Joe noted earlier, we continue to expect to make $1.8 billion to $2 billion of renewable generation investments through 2023. To date, we have executed agreements representing approximately $1.25 billion of this anticipated investment. Commercial negotiations for additional solar and storage capacity continue to advance. Half of the capacity and the replacement plan is targeted to be owned by joint ventures that will include NIPSCO and tax equity partners as the members. The balance of new capacity is expected to be primarily in the form of PPAs. In November 2020, we filed applications with the IURC for the approval of the Dunns Bridge I and II and Cavalry solar energy centers. These 3 Indiana projects or build transfer agreements with NextEra Energy Resources and represent a combined capital investment of approximately $850 million for NIPSCO. These projects are expected to be placed into service across 2022 and 2023.  NextEra will construct the solar and storage facilities, and we plan to form joint ventures with tax equity investors to own, operate and maintain these assets. An IURC order is expected in the second quarter of 2021. We continue to fill out the balance of our capacity. In January, the IURC approved our Brickyard and Greensboro solar and storage PPAs. NextEra Energy Resources will develop these projects, which are expected to be completed in mid-2023. And in December 2020, NIPSCO announced a long-term PPA with the clean energy infrastructure business of Capital Dynamics to develop Gibson Solar, a 280-megawatt solar project in Gibson County, Indiana. NIPSCO filed an application with the IURC for approval of this project in January 2021. Construction is expected to begin in 2022 with commercial operations to begin in 2023. Also in December of 2020, NIPSCO filed an application with the IURC for approval of the Green River Solar PPA.  Advanced negotiations continue for additional build transfer agreements to fill out the remainder of our capacity needs. We expect those negotiations to be completed in the first half of 2021 and the necessary regulatory filings coming shortly thereafter. In the fourth quarter of 2021, NIPSCO will be submitting an integrated resource plan for the IURC that will continue to outline its long-term generation plans, including the planned retirement of Michigan City Generating Station. The preferred plan that emerges from the 2021 IRP could create additional capital investment opportunities. Before we move on from our electric story, I would like to provide a quick update on units 14 and 15 at our Schahfer Generating Station. As you know, all 4 coal units at Schahfer are planned to retire by May 2023, as outlined in the 2018 IRP. As we continue to evaluate the economics for that generating fleet and the ongoing costs and investments required to keep the coal units operational, we determined that the right path forward for us is to initiate the retirement of 2 of the 4 coal units at Schahfer. Units 14 and 15 will retire by the end of 2021, which is the most economic decision for our customers.  NIPSCO's remaining fleet and new renewable capacity and secured capacity purchases will continue to reliably serve the energy needs to our customers. To be clear, our earnings guidance is not impacted by this decision. We are excited about the significant progress in executing the plan we identified in our 2018 IRP and further detailed at our Investor Day, and we look forward to more projects and updates to come in future quarters. Now, I will turn the call back over to Joe.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you, Shawn. Let's turn back to our foundational commitment, safety. As I noted earlier, our safety enhancement initiatives advanced and matured in 2020. Our implementation of API's Safety Management System or SMS, transitioned from an accelerated project launch to an established operating model within NiSource, and we expanded the implementation to our electric business. With the ongoing support and advice from the independent quality review board, we are continuing to mature our SMS processes, capabilities and talent and we're collaborating with our industry peers to enhance safety and reduce operational risk.  We had a number of safety milestones in 2020 that are worth calling out. We launched mobile gas leak detection pilot project and implemented a service line mapping strategy to enhance records quality across our footprint. We added special clearance processes and other layers of protection to critical field operations activities. Our gas meter shops and our fabrication facility earned ISO 9001 certification, a strong first step in a continuing quality effort. And the final safety recommendation around emergency preparedness and response was closed by the National Transportation Safety Board as we continue to mature our emergency response processes. As noted, SMS has become our core operating model, built on our culture of empowering everyone to report and identify risk, including the authority to stop work whenever necessary, enhancing process safety with layers of protection and building accountability for effective asset management to reduce risk. You'll see additional enhancements to our safety plan in 2021.  I am also pleased to note some recognition that NiSource received in mid-November when we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index for the seventh consecutive year. NiSource is 1 of 7 U.S. utilities on the 2020 list. The ranking is based on environmental, social and governance criteria and reflects our progress on our sustainability strategy which includes aggressive greenhouse gas reductions, safety enhancements and executing against $40 billion of long-term safety, asset modernization and renewable energy investment opportunities. We're honored to once again be included on this international benchmark for sustainable business practices, which recognizes the comprehensive focus on ESG principles at the core of how we run our business.  Before turning to the Q&A portion of today’s call, I will share and reiterate a few key takeaways. Our 2020 financial and operational results reflect the resiliency of our business and our team as we executed on our safety and asset modernization programs. Our electric generation transition strategy reliably served customers through the historic COVID pandemic and took steps to reposition the company to execute on significant long-term growth opportunities. We continue to expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings per share in the range of $1.28 to $1.36 in 2021. Our long-term growth commitments remain in place. These include $1.9 billion to $2.2 billion in annual growth, safety and modernization investments from 2021 through 2024, plus $1.8 billion to $2 billion in renewable generation investments across 2022 and 2023. And compound annual earnings per share growth of 7% to 9% from 2021 through 2024, with near-term growth of 5% to 7% from 2021 to 2023.  Our electric generation strategy continues to advance with our first 2 wind projects complete and numerous other renewable projects in development.  Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andres Sheppard from Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: It's Mike Weinstein. So the -- you guys are going to be filing a new IRP this year. Is that right? I know….
Joseph Hamrock: That's correct. We'll go through that process starting here in the next quarter or so.
Michael Weinstein: Great. And what kind of pace should we expect in terms of future RFPs coming up in additional opportunities from more renewables? I think you mentioned the Michigan City retirement should provide additional opportunities. What kind of schedule of releases can we expect over the next year or two?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. I mean, in essence, we'll follow a process and a pattern that looks a lot like what we went through in 2018. We'll kick off the process with stakeholder engagement relatively soon. And then in the middle of the summer after we develop scenarios is when you'd likely see -- to the extent it helps provide insight at any RFPs that might be included. Keep in mind that the retirement schedule for the Michigan City plant drives the capacity need for the future, because we’ve pretty much got the 2023 capacity replacement plan set. And so RFPs may or may not be as valuable looking out that far from a 2021 vantage point. So we'll take all of that under consideration.  The 1 thing I'd say though, Mike, and I think this is obvious to all of us with the current events that are going on across the industry right now, it just starkly demonstrates that reliability and capacity are essential, and the integrated resource planning process itself is critically important. So that's why our approach really starts with reliability and balances all the other attributes against that fundamental requirement. So this experience that we're seeing now will be -- should provide critical learning for us as we go through the next round of the IRP. And so I don't want to predict with a high degree of precision even the process at this point because there's a lot to learn from what's happening in the markets.
Michael Weinstein: That makes sense. Hey, could you -- I know you don't want to -- I don't want to front run what might happen with -- in Pennsylvania. But could you talk about what the future pace of rate filings is likely to be based on the needs, based on the investments that's going on in that state? And what do you think will happen next after this rate case decision comes out?
Joseph Hamrock: You're specifically asking about Pennsylvania. 
Michael Weinstein: Pennsylvania. 
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, I'm not going to speculate about an outlook. We should see a commission decision soon enough, and we'll certainly keep you and all of our stakeholders updated as that plays out. And I won't front run any future filings, but if you look at the pace of investment in Pennsylvania, and the historic cycle there, we've had over about a decade, 8 rate cases settled with the stakeholders in Pennsylvania and well supported by the commission. So I think that track record and that pattern is a good indicator because our investment pace is much -- is as strong as ever in Pennsylvania, is a good indicator of what the future will likely look like. Especially with the fully forecasted rate year convention, it almost sets up a pattern that calls for an annual filing. And that we've only missed that maybe one time in the last decade or may be 1 year out of the last 10 where we didn't file an annual case.  So good indicators, but not precisely front-running any plans at this point. And I think it will be important to see the outcome in this case before we make any of those decisions.
Michael Weinstein: One last question. On convertibles and hybrids financing going forward, you mentioned that you'd be looking at that opportunistically. At what point do you think you'd be ready to make a decision regarding common equity versus convertibles hybrids?
Joseph Hamrock: Michael, so as I said earlier, we plan to actually issue a hybrid or convertible in the first half of this year. And so ultimately, as talked about, looking at a structure that provides at least 50% equity content from the rating agencies, and ultimately, depending on the size and equity content of that security, it would then indicate how much equity we need, block equity we would need in 2022 or 2023. But we plan to execute that in the next few months and certainly the first half of the year.
Michael Weinstein: I see. And then you’d be ready to make a decision about the following year.
Joseph Hamrock: That's right. Yes, then we'd be able to update.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harry Pollans with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: It's Julian actually. So I suppose just to clean up on that last question on equity, if I can in brief. The total amounts are not shifting around. This would just be the form. And then more importantly, can you talk and discuss timing to the extent to which you would actually pull forward that block? Is that you would delay the convert in any way or just clarify that a little bit under that scenario, what that looks like? Is that still a ‘21 let’s get everything done kind of issuance?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. So plan is, this year, we would do the issuance of the hybrid or the convertible. And then based upon that -- so ultimately, we're looking for -- if you assume $2 billion of renewable investments, 60% equity content, so that's $1.2 billion of equity content. We'll execute the hybrid or convertible this year. And then depending on equity content coming out of that, we’d balance that out with a block later. In that, we do that block in '22 or '23. So we've got some timing and flexibility on that block.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Sorry to clarify that. When you say depending on the equity content, you're not firm on what kind of equity treatment you'll get based on what you're looking at today?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. We know we can get at least 50% equity content and the structures we're looking at. We're also trying to achieve more than that. If we can get more than that and then depending on the size or the quantity of that security, that will ultimately then determine what's the balance of equity we’d need.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then not significant too much. What's the reasoning for the tweak in the '21 CapEx as well? Just also want to make sure I understand the financing update here.
Joseph Hamrock: No. It's not really a tweak in our CapEx. At Investor Day, we gave a wide range to incorporate the 4 years of investment. And so it's consistent with our plan to kind of tighten up for the prompt year, and the CapEx that we have guided for this year is aligned with our long-term guidance. So no changes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. Sorry, 1 last 1 that's not a clarification if I can. There are a lot of legislative bills out there this session. There's just a lot going on in Indiana. Anything that we should be paying attention to that could impact, broadly speaking, your renewable efforts and/or your LDC? I'm just trying to make sure we're not missing anything here across a lot of different developments that I'm sure you guys are tracking closer than we are.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, Julien. And we're, as you would expect, engaged and closely following all of that. And I would describe the full set of initiatives as essentially trying to create or level the playing field for renewable investment and to make sure that there's a clear playing field. All of that to us is neutral to positive for our plan. We don't see anything that's of concern. Certainly, we'll keep an eye up for that. And then I would note, part of the puzzle that's playing out is for the natural gas side of the business for the State to prohibit local ordinances that might restrict the use of natural gas. And I think that's a key indicator of policy support for the whole business in Indiana.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Sunderland with JPMorgan Securities.
Richard Sunderland: Just maybe at a high level thinking about the first heating season under COVID conditions. Curious how you've been managing through that, particularly on the gas side and any takeaways you can provide at this point on realized impact versus that base scenario of $0.05 baked into '21?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. Thanks, Richard. And I'll kick that off. And I'll note that front and center for us has been and will always be the health, safety and wellness of our employees and safety for our customers, and that's a key driver of the whole outlook for COVID. Regarding the economic recovery -- and you can see from our results, reason to be what I'd call, cautiously optimistic though there's other impacts to consider, including ongoing expenses, that could relate to adjustments to work protocols, other revenue collections, regulatory treatment and potential after-shocks in the economy. And all of those are hard to predict, but certainly something we should all be attentive to.  All considered to the spirit of your question and recognizing that we're deep in the first quarter right now and clearly deep in the heating season with the weather we're experiencing across the country, our guidance reaffirmation today reflects our base case for 2021 and also our long-term growth rate. From a margin standpoint, the residential usage has remained strong. It really came out of the block strong at the beginning of the COVID pandemic. And we've seen that trend continue into 2021. Commercial usage has been consistently down and continues to be a profile that we're going to closely monitor and perhaps is the most strong indicator of recovery across our territories.  Industrial usage, admittedly not all perfectly correlated with COVID factors. There's a number of things that can drive industrial usage. So it's hard to say deterministically that it's all COVID. But that was the most impacted in 2020, though the deep impacts were concentrated in the second quarter, right at the beginning of the pandemic, and we've seen steady recovery ever since then, and that continues today. But any change in that trend, and that's the aftershock question, could obviously be impactful to our results. So again, all of that kind of adds up to reason to be cautiously optimistic about recovery and the path ahead. And as we noted earlier on the call, we would expect to have more clarity by the time our first quarter call comes around, we'll certainly have the heating season behind us, always a big quarter for us. And that should put us in a position to tighten up our outlook on COVID.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim partners. 
Unidentified Analyst : It's actually [Cody Cork] on for Shar. So maybe starting, you have projects announced for $1.25 billion in CapEx, but you continue to point to a range of remaining investment for solar of $200 million. I'm just wondering why you wouldn't narrow it, why keep that range if you're kind of zeroing in on the remaining projects? And then just wondering when we might get an update on some of those projects?
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks for the question. Appreciate that. At this point, we continue to track towards that $1.8 billion to $2 billion range. That range was really born out of the RFP process. And as we start to commercialize, we're step closer to the ending projects that we think will fill out the balance of need. We'll be able to tighten that. But at this point, there's no indication that it's any different than $1.8 billion to $2 billion. But we do expect to have additional announcements yet here in first quarter. That relates to that $1.8 billion to $2 billion.
Unidentified Analyst : And then if I could, just wondering if you've given any more thought to portfolio optimization and how you could use it to offset some of your equity needs related to renewables. Do you think LDC still have some room to rerate on valuation before you can get comfortable with looking at a sale?
Joseph Hamrock: That's something we certainly continue to watch both our stock price as well as transactions that have been announced as well as are in the market now. Trying to understand how that might provide value above our plan. Again, the financing we've outlined is inclusive -- or that the earnings we've outlined is inclusive of the financing that we've talked about. But we'll continue to look and see if there are strategic options that make sense long-term and would enhance our growth over the '21 to 2024 time period.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: I know this is asked, but I'm still confused. On '21 CapEx, the range is about $100 million to $200 million lower than the Analyst Day as well as 3Q. And what is the reason for that if you could maybe talk about that again?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. We really just give a wide range to incorporate all of the years, all the individual years in the plan. And certainly, it grows over time because of -- as our capital and our monetization programs grow, but also the renewable investments. And so this first year is really kind of that first year of growth that builds into that long-range or the range that we provided over Investor Day. And again, it's aligned with the guidance that we provided for this year and long-term.  The other way to think about it is, last year, we spent about $1.7 billion. The midpoint of our guidance this year is $2 billion. So it's a significant increase and that's what we've been doing historically is kind of building each year, building our capabilities, making sure we've got construction crews and internal capabilities to execute that program.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then moving to Slide 15, you pulled out transmission project as a separate line item, $150 million. And I guess, it sounds like that's associated with 1 of the 4 wind projects. Is that sort of regulated?
Joseph Hamrock: No. That would be Indiana rate base investments. And it's really to support the shutdown of the Schahfer plants.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Got it. And then 1 final question. You talked about gas customer gains, I didn't write that down. I think it was 30,000 last year. Just any jurisdiction that you're seeing faster growth than the other ones? Or is it just spread out, is it coming from propane converts, any color you can add?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, thanks, Charles. It’s actually strong across the board. We have seen just below 1% at the low end and close to 2% at the high end and Virginia is the strong, the leader in terms of the growth rate of customer additions. Some of that is actual growth in the economy there. New housing starts and new construction, that’s always a differentiator. But across the board, you hit it, you see some propane conversion, some oil conversions at the edges. Now those numbers that we shared net out the Massachusetts contribution. So you should think about that 30,000 across the six states of NiSource now. So pretty balanced, strong 1%-ish growth across the board, and our outlook remains strong on that, too. We see continued demand.
Charles Fishman : And then when there's a new hole being developed in your jurisdictions and gas is available, are you pants down getting the home versus the all-electric?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. Typically, that's a strong preference, and it's -- with the builders, in particular, it's typically an established relationship that drives that choice.
Operator: And there are no further questions in queue at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Joe Hamrock for some closing remarks.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, James. Appreciate it. And thank you all for tuning in today and engaging in the call. We look forward to ongoing engagement and future updates as we continue to execute on our growth plan, and we certainly see lots of opportunity in the quarters ahead for additional updates on the matters that we touched on today. So thank you for joining us today and please stay safe and stay warm.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q3 2020 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Mr. Nick Drew, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Nick Drew: Thanks, Amy. Good morning, and welcome to the NiSource Third Quarter 2020 Investor Call. Joining me today are Joe Hamrock, our Chief Executive Officer; Donald Brown, our Chief Financial Officer; Shawn Anderson, our Chief Strategy and Risk Officer; and Randy Hulen, our Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer.  The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource's financial performance for the third quarter of 2020, as well as provide an update on our operations, growth drivers and financing plans. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call to your questions. Slides for today's call are available on nisource.com.  Before turning the call over to Joe, Donald, Shawn and Randy, just a quick reminder. Some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings.  Additionally, some of the statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and segment information, including our full financial schedules available at nisource.com.  With all of that out of the way, I'd now like to turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Nick. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Hopefully, you've all had a chance to read our third quarter earnings release, which was issued earlier this morning. With 2020 in its home stretch, NiSource continues to execute on a path to deliver premium value from our 100% regulated electric and gas utility platform. Our teams are focused on continued execution of our safety and asset modernization programs and our transition to renewable energy in our electric business. These investments are expected to drive compound annual growth of 7% to 9% in net operating earnings per share from 2021 through 2024, while reducing greenhouse gas emissions 90% by 2030. Sustaining this level of execution, while maintaining safe, reliable energy service through the COVID-19 pandemic is a testament to the thousands of dedicated employees throughout NiSource. With the announcement of additional solar and storage energy projects in Indiana, and the closing of the sale of Columbia Gas of Massachusetts last month, we have strengthened our foundation for future growth.  So let's dive into the update, starting on Slide 3. We delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of $0.09 per share in the third quarter compared to $0 in the same quarter a year ago. Our continued cost management and regulatory mitigation efforts are reducing the financial impacts of COVID-19, which we continue to monitor closely. Our transformational NiSource Next initiative is well underway and designed to enhance organizational capabilities, drive efficiencies and maintain affordable service for our customers. Despite challenges related to the pandemic, we continue to expect to make $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in capital investments in 2020 as our safety and asset modernization investments remain among our top priorities.  We advanced our renewable generation strategy last month by reaching build transfer agreements with NextEra for 3 Indiana solar and storage projects, representing an $850 million capital investment for NIPSCO. On the regulatory front, we received approval of the sale of Columbia Gas of Massachusetts assets to Eversource, and the transaction closed on October 9. We also reached a settlement in our gas base rate case in Maryland and received approval of our latest capital expenditure program tracker update in Ohio. We are also today reaffirming non-GAAP net operating earnings per share guidance for 2021 in the range of $1.28 to $1.36, which includes an expected COVID impact of $0.05, and we are reaffirming the financial guidance that we provided at our Investor Day on September 29. These include investments of $1.9 billion to $2.2 billion per year in safety, modernization and growth from 2021 through 2024, $1.8 billion to $2 billion in incremental renewable generation investment opportunities across 2022 and 2023, and compound annual earnings per share growth of 7% to 9% from 2021 through 2024, with 5% to 7% annual growth in the near term.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Donald, who will discuss our third quarter financial performance in more detail.
Donald Brown: Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. Looking at our third quarter results from Slide 4, we had non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $36 million or $0.09 per share, compared to a net loss operating loss of nearly $2 million or $0.00 per share in 2019. The year-over-year increase was driven primarily by increased gas segment results with relatively flat electric results in the quarter. For the year, our net operating earnings are up about $52 million or $0.11 per share compared to the same period of 2019.  Looking more closely at our segment results on Slide 5, operating earnings were up about $36 million for the quarter in our gas segment, driven primarily by infrastructure investment revenue and cost management measures put in place to offset COVID 19 impact. In our electric segment, operating earnings were down by $2.5 million, driven primarily by slightly higher revenues, excluding the cost of sales, with COVID-driven decreases in commercial and industrial sales, offset by increased residential sales. This net increase in revenue was offset by higher depreciation as a result of the accelerated depreciation of our coal-fired generation assets.  Turning to Slide 6. We provide additional details about the financial impact of COVID-19. As you can see, we're seeing lower commercial and industrial sales, which are partially offset by increased residential sales. We're also seeing reduced late payment and reconnection fees as well as higher bad debt and other expenses. The total impact of COVID-19 in the third quarter was approximately $0.01 per share and $0.07 per share year-to-date. As I mentioned, this impact was reduced by non-safety-related expense reductions as well as regulatory mitigation efforts. We currently expect covet to reduce EPS by $0.05 in 2021 under our base case scenario, and that amount has already been factored into our 2021 non-GAAP EPS guidance range.  While we're monitoring the pandemic closely, to date, it has not presented significant barriers to our safety and infrastructure modernization programs or our long-term growth. As Joe mentioned earlier, we continue to expect to invest $1.70 to $1.8 billion of capital in 2020. We are reaffirming the guidance for long-term CapEx and EPS CAGR guidance that we outlined at Investor Day.  Now turning to Slide 7, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of September 30 was about $10.6 billion, of which about $9.1 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 15 years and weighted average interest rate was approximately 3.68%. I will note that the liability management transaction that we completed during the quarter lowered our weighted average interest rate by more than 60 basis points and removed the need for any significant long-term debt refinancing through 2024. As Joe mentioned earlier, we closed on the sale of our Columbia Gas of Massachusetts assets on October 9. This produced net proceeds of $1.1 billion, which we used to pay down our term loan and other short-term debt in October. At the end of the third quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $1.6 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization program. Our credit ratings from all 3 major rating agencies are investment grade, and we're committed to maintaining our current investment-grade ratings. Taken together, this represents a solid financial foundation to support our long-term safety and infrastructure investments.  Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Joe, who will provide some infrastructure investment and regulatory updates from our gas and electric businesses.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you, Donald. Now let's look at some NiSource utilities highlights for the third quarter and early fourth quarter of 2020, starting with our gas operations on Slide 9. In Pennsylvania, our base rate case remains pending before the Public Utility Commission. The application filed in April seeks an annual revenue increase of $100.4 million to invest in, modernize and upgrade our existing natural gas distribution system as well as maintain the continued safety of the system. An order is expected in the first quarter of 2021, with new rates expected to become effective in January 2021.  In Maryland, we reached settlement with parties to the base rate case request we filed in May. The settlement supports further upgrading and replacement of our pipelines and would result in an annual revenue increase of $3.3 million, including $1.3 million of current tracker revenue, if approved as filed. A Maryland Public Service Commission order is expected in November 2020, with new rates effective in December 2020.  In Ohio, the Public Utilities Commission approved our annual application for adjustment to our capital expenditure program rider, and new rates went into effect in September 2020. The order allows us to begin recovery of approximately $185 million in capital invested under the CEP in 2019. In Indiana, our latest tracker update is pending in our long-term gas infrastructure modernization program. The application covers $26 million in incremental capital invested under the program between January and June 2020. Earlier in the quarter, the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission approved a 6-year extension of the program, including nearly $950 million in planned capital investments through 2025 to be recovered through semiannual adjustments to the existing transmission, distribution and storage improvement charge or TDSIC tracker.  Now let's look at our electric operations on Slide 10. Shawn will update you in a moment on our progress transitioning our generation portfolio. Before then, I'll note that we continue to execute on our long-term electric infrastructure modernization plan in Indiana. This well-established program includes enhancements to our electric transmission and distribution system designed to further enhance safety and reliability. The program, originally approved by the IURC in 2016, includes approximately $1.2 billion in electric infrastructure investments expected to be made through 2022. In September, we filed our latest electric TDSIC tracker update request, covering more than $122 million in incremental capital investments made between July 2019 and June 2020. We expect an IURC order in January 2021, with new rates effective in February 2021.  And now I'll ask Shawn to talk about our renewable generation projects.
Shawn Anderson: Thank you, Joe. As Joe shared earlier, within the last month, we announced build transfer agreements with NextEra Energy Resources on 3 Indiana solar projects, representing a capital investment of approximately $850 million for NIPSCO. The Dunns Bridge I and II and Cavalry Solar Energy Centers are expected to be under construction by 2022 and placed into service across 2022 and 2023. NextEra will construct the solar and storage facilities, and we plan to form joint ventures with unrelated financial partners to own, operate and maintain some facets of these assets. We will request the addition of these new projects to our supply portfolio in filings with the IURC by the end of this year.  Construction is already underway on IURC approved wind projects, representing about $400 million in capital investment. Rosewater wind, a joint venture with EDP renewables North America, and Wells Fargo as the tax equity partner, is on track to be placed into service by the end of this year, and construction has begun on Indiana Crossroads, also a joint venture project with EDP and, is expected to be in service by the end of 2021. We continue to expect $1.8 billion to $2 billion of renewable generation investments through 2023. Inclusive of the aforementioned joint venture projects, we currently have executed agreements, representing approximately $1.25 billion of this anticipated investment and are well underway in negotiating additional agreements which we expect will complete the balance of need for replacement capacity at an anticipated $550 million to $750 million in capital investments.  We are also well underway to complete purchase power agreements to fill out the balance of our capacity needs. Our Jordan Creek project is IURC-approved, under construction and is expected to be in service by the end of this year. Our Brickyard and Greensboro Solar and storage PPAs are pending before the IURC. NextEra Energy Resources will develop Brickyard and Greensboro which are expected in-service in mid-2023.  In addition to the remaining JVs under negotiation, we are engaged in additional solar and wind PPA negotiations, all of which are anticipated to go into service in 2022 and 2023. These renewable projects are consistent with our 2018 integrated resource plan, which provides a preferred pathway to retire nearly 80% of our remaining coal-fired generation by 2023 and retire all coal generation by 2028 to be replaced by low-cost, reliable and cleaner options. The plan is designed to drive a 90% reduction in our greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 and is expected to save our electric customers an estimated $4 billion over 30 years.  Now I will turn the call back over to Joe.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you, Shawn. As you can see from what we've covered today, we're continuing to execute on our plan to deliver long-term value for all of our stakeholders. I want to touch on our foundational commitment to safety.  We're continuing to make progress on our safety initiatives across our gas and electric businesses, including our accelerated safety management system, or SMS implementation, which follows American Petroleum Institute's RP 1173 and provides a comprehensive approach to managing safety, emphasizing continual assessment and improvement as well as proactively identifying and mitigating potential risks. We can highlight a few areas of accomplishment thus far in 2020, including continued deployment of our upgraded service line maps and records, with significant progress made in Kentucky, Pennsylvania and Virginia, and we're on track for achieving this milestone in all of our states by the end of the year. We received regulatory approval in Ohio for a pilot of advanced mobile leak detection technology to perform quality assurance in our construction work. We have also continued to install automatic shutoff devices and enhanced monitoring on our low-pressure gas distribution systems, with work completed in Maryland, Kentucky and Virginia.  If you missed Investor Day, I encourage you to visit nisource.com to view the safety video we introduced, which brings our SMS work to life and which provides specific examples of these and other steps we're taking to help ensure safety for our customers, employees, business partners and the public.  I'm also pleased to note that our work to enhance customer service and make it easier to do business with us online has received national recognition. The American Business Awards recognized NiSource with its Gold Stevie Award for the work we did in 2019 to combine our utility website into a seamless customer experience, including a customer portal with bill payment and account management services. Our customer experience team is hard at work on other benefits that we hope to bring customers in the future, including digital service requests, high usage alerts, outage map improvements and enhanced views of their energy usage history. Our customers should expect more from us in the future and know that we are aiming higher to meet their needs.  Before opening the call to your questions, I'll share and reiterate a few key takeaways. Our teams are focused on continued execution of our safety and asset modernization programs and our transition to renewable energy in our electric business. We continue to expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings per share in the range of $1.28 to $1.36 in 2021, which reflects an expected COVID-19 impact of $0.05. The guidance that we provided at our Investor Day on September 29 remain in place. These include $1.9 billion to $2.2 billion in annual safety, modernization and growth investments from 2021 through 2024, $1.8 billion to $2 billion in incremental renewable generation investments across 2022 and 2023, and compound annual earnings per share growth of 7% to 9% from 2021 through 2024, with near-term growth of 5% to 7% from 2021 to 2023.  Our transformational NiSource Next initiative is well underway to enhance organizational capabilities, drive efficiencies and continued affordability for our customers. This effort is designed to ensure that we are optimally positioned to support both the significant capital investments we will be making in renewable generation and our ongoing asset modernization and safety enhancement investments. With the completion of the sale of our Massachusetts assets, we are firmly focused on the future in delivering premium value from our 100% regulated electric and gas utility platform across our 6 states.  Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We're now ready to take your questions. Amy?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: So just a couple of quick questions. First, looking at sort of the '21 COVID impact, you obviously reaffirmed the $0.05 impact at the midpoint, but usage and cost mitigation in the third quarter seemed fairly strong. So wondering how you're seeing this trend progressing into 4Q since we're already into it, and also, how you're sort of thinking about '21 progressing? So is there a scenario where we could potentially see an updated guidance in '21 at sort of the year-end results? Or are you looking to sort of maintain the numbers in the near-term to keep some contingency in place, assuming that COVID realities are better than sort of your internal planning assumptions. So how do we sort of think of that?
Donald Brown: Shar, it's Donald. So if we think about COVID, as you stated, we've got $0.05 in our guidance for 2021, and that's really based upon our scenario, our base case scenario that we outlined earlier. We're not seeing any changes in that scenario at this point, certainly continuing to see lower revenues from our commercial industrial customers, offset by the residential customers. But we're also seeing some higher bad debt expense. As we look forward into this quarter and into the heating season, it really is the first time that we'll have -- we'll experience COVID in our heating season on our gas business, so we'll continue to monitor that. And as we progressed through this quarter, we'll provide updates if we're seeing anything significant. But I would say we'll continue -- we are continuing to watch the impacts on our customers as we progress through this time.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it, Donald. So just to reiterate, the few weeks we're in to the fourth quarter, you're not seeing any sort of variation in your current assumptions?
Donald Brown: No, not at this point.
Joseph Hamrock: And Shar, it's Joe. One of the things that I would note, Shar -- one of the things I would note is that, as Donald said, we haven't seen heating season yet with the COVID impacts. And keep in mind that on the gas side of the business, most of our residential rate structures are essentially decoupled, so you don't have the same volumetric shift that we've seen on the electric side through the second and third quarters. And so that's all factored into our thinking as we look both at Q4 and Q1, the two big heating season quarters for the gas side of the business.
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect. And then Joe AND Donald, in your sort of prepared remarks, you obviously highlighted that 8 to 10 renewal projects were sort of in advanced commercial negotiations, you highlighted that. Obviously, 3 were announced very recently with NextEra. Wondering what the timeline looks like for the announcement of the remaining projects, could we get an update on this as soon as EEI?
Shawn Anderson: Good morning, Shar. This is Shawn Anderson. Great to hear from you. Thanks for the question. We continue to advance all facets of our generation transition journey. First and foremost, we're focused on the continued progress of the existing agreements that our teams have worked tirelessly to advance. So specifically, those under construction or in the regulatory process. For example, we look forward to Rosewater and Jordan Creek facilities to become operational and anticipate it even by the end of this year, perhaps.  As it relates to the commercial negotiations underway, we do expect to have additional information by the end of this year and perhaps early into next year as well as we step toward both the commercial agreements and any potential to file through the regulatory process simultaneously. So we're well underway focused on this. Meanwhile, we also expect to file for CPCN approval for the 3 projects just announced, Dunns Bridge I, II and Cavalry by the end of this year. So a lot going on just across the team and across the board, but we're excited for what fourth quarter will bring for us and plan to have more to share very soon.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. So just to reiterate, so the 8 to 10 that are currently in advanced negotiations, the next update should be at the year-end results.
Shawn Anderson: Yes, that's correct. And that 8 to 10 was 3 heat-free agreements that we didn't describe, so probably in that 5 to 7 range at this point.
Randy Hulen: Shar, this is Randy. Just to interject something. You won't necessarily have to wait until the year-end results. We'll be announcing progress as this takes place, and you'll likely see a press release with the next set of projects that we would announce done at the NIPSCO level. So although you'll probably not going to see something new in a week when EEI starts, but as Shawn mentioned, certainly by year-end, a lot of things are in-flight to be announced. So it won't necessarily be February of next year; it will be more likely before the end of this year.
Operator: Your next question today comes from the line of Andres Sheppard with Crédit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: It's Mike Weinstein actually. Just to be clear on the CPCN process, when you get a CPCN for Dunns and Cavalry, that just establishes prudence later for the rate case, right? I mean, it's not a guarantee of anything?
Joseph Hamrock: That's correct. That's correct.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. And then the same thing, is this the same exact thing that you're waiting for? Or will -- yes, that you're waiting for on the PPAs for Greensboro and Brickyard?
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Yes. We are still waiting for CPCN approval for those projects and expect those by year-end.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. Got you. And the block equity needs that you're citing for '22 to '23, just to be clear, that's intended to finance these projects, right? That's why the timing is '22 to '23?
Donald Brown: That's correct. Yes, we -- as you think about the timing of those investments when we'll need to make the investments on those joint ventures will be in that '22 to '23 time period. And we'll top off the -- a block equity deal off of the whatever remaining equity content we need once we do are hybrid or convertible in 2021.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. Got you. And then on the rate case issue, Columbia Gas and Maryland, they're expecting to receive something this month? Is that coming up soon or next -- the next week or two or?
Joseph Hamrock: We have a settlement filed there. Yes, that's correct. We're awaiting an order.
Michael Weinstein: Awaiting an order. Okay. So is that first half of the month usually, or do you have any idea? This November?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes.
Operator: Your next question today comes from the line of Harry Pollans with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: It's Julien here, actually. Just wanted to follow-up real quickly, if you can. A couple nuanced ones and then just following up more conceptually on the strategy side. How do you think about the timing of potential equity or equity-like solutions, especially in '21, relative to any evolution on strategic desires when you think about asset monetization? And where are you in that thought process? Just think about the timing more than anything else here around some of the ideas you floated at the time of your Analyst Day a few weeks back.
Donald Brown: Julien, we've got flexibility in terms of timing of the -- going out to the markets for the hybrid or convertible next year. So we don't have any specific timing to give you at this point. Certainly will be by the end of 2021, and again, looking for equity content greater than 50% on those securities. As with regards to portfolio optimization, it's certainly analysis that is ongoing as we evaluate the plan. And certainly, as we have more information, if there's something to discuss, we'd provide updates to the investors.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. But basically, if I'm hearing you right, it's just too early to really say one way or another how serious of an intention is for asset sales rather than equity alternatives right now, if I'm hearing you right?
Donald Brown: It is. We're just continuing to look at full plan and how we finance that. The plan that we outlined on Investor Day is still the same plan from a financing standpoint, and we're continuing to look at what the pricing is of those potential securities. As we look at those securities, we'll evaluate portfolio optimization and see what drives the highest shareholder value.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And sorry to go back, to come back and clarify Shar's question a little bit if I can. You alluded to it. When you think about this $0.05 COVID impact, how much of that is the gas business and the fact that we haven't been through the winter season yet in the context of an LDC and seeing COVID impacts versus, say, just ongoing impacts from electric year-over-year here?
Donald Brown: Yes. We probably haven't -- I don't think we've provided that level of detail. Certainly, as we look at the overall impacts to gas electric, it's almost -- I'd look at in terms of the $0.03 gas and $0.02 electric. But ultimately, we'll have to see where that comes out.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. Hence, why we might be a little early here in saying where you are against that range despite some nice tailwinds on COVID year-to-date already?
Donald Brown: That's right. Yes. I mean, we're really going to have to look at sales as we get into the heating season. And then again, bad debt and see from a customer standpoint, what's the impact there. We do have really good regulatory programs in terms of our bad debt, and that has limited the impact so far this year, but it's something we continue to watch.
Operator: Your next question today comes from the line of Richard Sunderland with JPMorgan.
Richard Sunderland: Just following up real quick on the COVID impact question. One, are there any items specifically included or excluded from that $0.05 that you just stated for '21? And then two, any regulatory proceedings that could impact that number.
Donald Brown: Thanks for the question. Let me start with the regulatory. At this point, we're not pursuing any additional regulatory items that would impact that number. Obviously, if there were any significant changes in our outlook that we could pursue regulatory mechanisms, we would. And so what we've got baked into that $0.05 is based upon the programs that we've got in hand right now. And the second question, I'm sorry, I missed that.
Richard Sunderland: Just any specific to bid related items that are, I guess, really excluded from that impact? Or just kind of definitionally, anything that might see the COVID impact but wouldn't actually be included in the $0.05?
Donald Brown: No, for us, we're really tracking sales impacts, bad debt expense, other fees that we might collect from customers and any kind of cleaning and safety expenses. Those are the key categories that we're tracking.
Richard Sunderland: Great. And then just want to dig into the O&M on this quarter a little bit. The O&M results seem strong. Just curious if you can quantify one-off savings versus savings you expect it to recur in 2021?
Donald Brown: Yes, I'd say most of the savings that we've had this year are temporary reductions in programs that we've slowed down, non-safety programs that we've reduced or slowed down or stopped this year. And so I'd say they're more temporary expenses. As we look forward, thinking about our NiSource Next program, that program really is driven to -- or designed to drive long-term lower costs through 2024.
Richard Sunderland: And just to follow-up real quick on that. So the savings from that program really aren't driving results currently and wouldn't necessarily be a significant driver in '21? Is that fair?
Donald Brown: I'd say the NiSource Next programs aren't driving significant results yet in 2020, but our -- will drive impacts in 2021 and beyond.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Most of my questions have been answered. Just 1 big picture, can you talk about hydrogen? And a lot of your peers are doing some test projects. Obviously, you have extensive assets and gas LDCs. Maybe just what your view and outlook is there and are you going to be collaborating with others or projects of your own as it relates to blending hydrogen to your our gas system?
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Durgesh. That's something we're closely monitoring. It's not yet part of our investment plan, and our programs, as we've outlined, are driven by safety, asset modernization and growth programs as well as our renewable transition on the electric side. But as we look forward at the role of natural gas in a decarbonizing economy, we certainly see opportunities, both for increased renewable natural gas and for hydrogen blending.  So it's an area we're watching. I would expect to see more information on that, more insight on that in terms of additional investment opportunities in the future. But at this time, it's what I would consider something that we're closely monitoring and very well positioned.  The other thing I'd stress there is one of the things that's always a key factor is just the fundamental economics of supply and demand. And you look at our territories where we sit across shale belts and the low basis cost and low volatility has really not been conducive to introducing much renewables or blending alternative fuels. But if you've kind of flipped that over, it also creates quite a bit of headroom for those kind of policies as we look forward. So we're very bullish on natural gas going forward in both environments, the current environment and a decarbonizing environment, because we have such strong fundamentals to work from across our territories.
Durgesh Chopra: That's helpful, Joe. Maybe just 1 quick follow-up. On the insurance proceeds in Massachusetts, just any update there, and maybe a timeline that you could -- you know when to expect anything at all?
Shawn Anderson: Yes, thanks. This is Shawn. No update from what's reported, and no anticipated time line. We're still working through that process.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: I think all my quarterly questions and guidance questions are answered. Let me -- if I could follow-up on a question I asked at your Investor Day a month ago, and the question was concerning the election prospect, what would happen if we had higher corporate income taxes, what would happen if we saw restrictions on fracking that caused natural gas price to go up. And I got some great answers from Joe, you, and Donald [indiscernible] was really good. But since then, we've had a debate, where one of the candidates has indicated they'd like to eventually get out of gas. And as somebody that owns an electric or a combined utility, electric and gas, in Northern Indiana, a place that is really, really cold at winter time, I mean, I look at the economics of -- I mean, I would assume you're going to see some parts going to work there in full day. And you're basically dealing with electric heating. And even, with all due respect to NIPSCO's low electric rates, electric heating is going to be really expensive.  But my question is, as somebody that owns the electric facility in that area, do you even have the capability to [indiscernible] to deliver the kind of BTUs that are needed on a really cold day with electric in Northern Indiana? Is that even feasible? And I guess my question would be the same for, obviously, you don't own the utilities there or have the generation assets in Ohio and Pennsylvania, but my question would be similar. Would any -- wouldn't we be struggling to deliver the BTUs the gas facility currently provides in really cold weather?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, Charles, thanks for your question there and for the follow-up from the Investor Day question because it's an insightful question. If you really look at the energy requirements on a peak day in the winter, especially if you look at our territory, and we're a good test bed for that in NIPSCO because we're on both sides of that, we're both electric and gas. We see the full customer demand profile, both winter peak and summer peak. And it's a very insightful question, even as you perhaps decarbonize the grid and with renewables, and therefore, decarbonize the energy equation, you still have to serve that peak winter day or those peak winter days.  And there are scenarios where you could imagine the gas system as the battery or the storage system for those kind of peak days. But certainly, as it's currently configured, at least across the territories that we're familiar with, electric grid itself, not just the supply component, but the grid itself, may not be well positioned to serve those kind of peak days. So there's a lot of engineering to be done to really see your way through to a world without natural gas. And we think the better question is, how do you position natural gas with renewable natural gas, potential hydrogen blending to decarbonize the gas stream itself as a part of the strategy for meeting customer requirements and providing resilience when you have multiple fuel sources.  So it's a tough -- it's complex engineering question. The economics of it are challenging. And it's an insightful question that you raised. There have been studies about this that actually converted the grid modernization required to a cost per ton of carbon avoided if you did renewable energy and upgraded the grid. And it's a pretty significant way to avoid carbon, a high-cost way to avoid carbon in most of the country, particularly in the areas that we serve.
Charles Fishman: So I would assume you kind of demonstrate to the regulators as well as the policy people and government how -- the feasibility of this electrification mandates are really just not feasible in your service areas as they are maybe in some milder climate that we're seeing. Is that what's going on?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. I think it's not such an absolute thing. I think it's really a more complex picture than that in terms of what's the best role for natural gas, what's the best role for electric renewables, what's the best energy delivery system for the needs of our country. And so I don't think it's a yes, no question for gas. I don't think it's an all electrification solution either. I think we've got to solve this with the resources that are available to us to make sure that we keep our economy viable and rely on the resilience of the supply basin that we have.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And I asked just because as an analyst, it seems to weigh on not just you, but your company but other utilities in the natural gas distribution, this thought or the discussion of electrification. And I guess I'm just having -- I'm struggling making it work economically or technically in the colder climates.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. I agree with you. There's a lot of work to do to help inform that perspective, and we think we're well positioned to help do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: Just one quick question from me. I think you talked about in the slide that you -- in the third quarter, you lowered your average interest rate by over 60 basis points. Is -- how much of that dropped to your bottom line? And was that type of refinancing and lowering of the rate embedded when you gave your longer term guidance?
Donald Brown: Great question. When you think about that financing, it did lower our long-term financing cost. It is embedded in our guidance for 2021 and beyond. And so it's embedded in there and does provide savings for us going forward.
Insoo Kim: Got it. And how much of that is more -- you get to keep your savings versus more at the utilities? I just haven't done the search yet.
Donald Brown: Well, I'd say that's a little bit more complex because we do finance our utility separately than -- when they need cash, that saving doesn't necessarily drop to the utilities. Their financing is done over the course of the year, not necessarily when we actually go out to the external market to finance, and that's why I think -- just think about it from a standpoint of that those dollars and those savings are embedded in overall NiSource guidance and financing plans.
Insoo Kim: Got it. And I know I said one question, but just one additional one. When we think about your gas utilities, and I think in Virginia and Maryland, the revenue decoupling at the residential side. So when we head into this winter season, any of the benefit that you're seeing on the demand for -- on residential, that will get decoupled away, is your point, then part of that was embedded when you gave your $0.05 of overall impact for 2021?
Donald Brown: That is correct.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Levi with HITE Hedge.
Andrew Levi: So just to follow-up on Julien's question, so on your Analyst Day, you definitely threw out and kind of threw out again today, the possibility of selling maybe it's an LDC, selling some assets, whatever it may be. And so I guess my first question just around that is, you wouldn't really bring that up unless it was a real possibility. Is that correct?
Joseph Hamrock: So our messaging hasn't changed at all from Analyst Day. We've got a track record of evaluating and executing on structural changes when that makes sense, the separation or spin of the pipeline business, the sale of CMA are good examples of that. And our financing plan, as we said on Investor Day, does not assume any portfolio changes, but our point is that we always evaluate the portfolio as a matter of normal course to make sure that we're doing what's in the best long-term interest of shareholders and in the most credit-supportive way. So just want to reiterate, that's the key message, that's what we're conveying.
Andrew Levi: And what would the process be as far as doing that? Meaning, obviously, you have to hire a banker, do all that type of stuff, but just can you kind of talk at a very high level what you're thinking about specifically on that because it is an event that would be significant to your company, even if it's a small LDC and, obviously, not having to issue as much equity and kind of the puts and takes around that, just be a little bit more specific, please?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. We're not going to speculate about particular scenarios or anything like that, but it obviously involves evaluating the impact of the loss of earnings in cash flows as well as any cost to synergies that we'd have to manage as a result of a transaction like that. And all of that, as you all know, can influence credit and the earnings trajectory. So we look at the long-term value drivers for the business, and we look at the contribution of each of our companies toward that. And we look at the alternatives anytime we're looking at equity issuances.
Andrew Levi: Do you guys think there's a strong market out there for smaller LDC?
Joseph Hamrock: Don't really know.
Andrew Levi: Okay. And are any of your subsidiaries not earning their allowed return?
Joseph Hamrock: Now all of our -- we've got really constructive regulatory support in all of our states. We expect all of our -- and have seen all of our companies earn at their allowed return. Of course, we've had the recent sale of CMA, but that's a different profile.
Andrew Levi: Right. Right. And last question is, what is the timing of making the decision here? Is it kind of in step with the equity you have to issue next year, or is it hybrid you have to issue next year?
Joseph Hamrock: No, we haven't set any timetable for that.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I now turn the call back to Mr. Joe Hamrock.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you, Amy. And thank you all for joining us today and for your continued interest in and support of NiSource. Please stay safe, and make it a great day.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Q2 2020 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remark, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Nick Drew, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Nick Drew: Thank you, Cree. Good morning, and welcome to the NiSource Second Quarter 2020 Investor Call. Joining me today are Joe Hamrock, our Chief Executive Officer; Donald Brown, our Chief Financial Officer, Shawn Anderson, Our Chief Strategy and Risk Officer; and Randy Hulen, our Vice President of Investor Relation and Treasurer. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource's financial performance for the second quarter of 2020 as well as provide an update on our operations, growth drivers and financing plans. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call to your questions. Slides for today's call are available on nisource.com. Before turning the call over to Joe, Donald, Shawn and Randy, just a quick reminder, some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in MD&A and the Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some of the statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and segment information, including our full financial schedules available at nisource.com. With all that out of the way, I'd like to turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Hamrock: Thanks, Nick. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Hopefully, you've all had a chance to read our second quarter earnings release, which was issued earlier this morning. As we did in the release, our plan for this call is to cover topics much broader than just our second quarter results. 2020 is a year of transition for NiSource as we mitigate the financial impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, complete the sale of Columbia Gas of Massachusetts and reposition NiSource for enhanced execution in our key focus areas. While driving our well-established asset modernization and safety enhancement programs and advancing our transition to renewable generation, we have accelerated the initiative to realign our capabilities and cost structure. Together, these efforts are designed to ensure optimal performance as we execute on the significant opportunities in the NiSource business plan. It's an ambitious agenda. So let's turn now to Slide 3 and discuss our key takeaways. As we have all seen, COVID-19 continues to spread and disrupt the global economy. Throughout NiSource, we remain focused on employee and customer safety and providing reliable utility service as we adapt to the pandemic. Our COVID-19 protections for customers and employees, as outlined in our first quarter 2020 release remain in place. In line with the base case scenario we outlined in late May, we continue to see modest commercial and industrial load impacts due to COVID-19, which are partially offset by increases in residential load. Cost savings and other measures have been implemented that are intended to mitigate these negative impacts on sales. We continue to manage these impacts and will update investors in future quarters. Despite challenges related to the pandemic, we continue to expect to make $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in capital investments in 2020. Our planned sale of Columbia Gas of Massachusetts assets to Eversource remains on track for regulatory approval in the third quarter of 2020, with closing targeted shortly thereafter. Last month, NiSource and Eversource filed a joint petition with the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities, seeking approval of the transaction as well as a proposed settlement with the Attorney General's office and the Department of Energy Resources, which would resolve all remaining state investigations related to the 2018 Greater Lawrence event, including the DPU's investigations of pipeline safety and emergency response. NiSource has agreed to make a payment of $56 million in lieu of penalties into an energy relief fund for customers. With the Massachusetts transaction closure imminent, we have launched a multiyear strategic initiative intended to better leverage the company's current scale by improving our cost structure and capabilities across the organization. As part of this effort, today, we launched a voluntary separation program for certain groups of employees that will be rolled out in waves over the coming months, with the first wave commencing immediately. This initiative, along with the repositioning of executive leadership roles and responsibilities we announced earlier this year, is intended to ensure that our organization is best positioned to drive enhanced focus on safety, renewable energy, operational excellence and customer value. We are also today initiating non-GAAP net operating earnings per share guidance for 2021 in the range of $1.28 to $1.36. This guidance reflects our expectations about the initial savings we expect to achieve through the cost restructuring and includes the base case scenario impacts of COVID-19. It also establishes the starting point for a long-term plan that will extend through 2024 with an expected compound annual rate base growth of 10% to 12%. This rate base growth is expected to drive compound annual earnings per share growth in excess of our previous 5% to 7% annual growth commitment, driven by our renewable portfolio investments and our ongoing modernization programs. We plan to provide more detail around this new long-term growth strategy at our next Investor Day, which we're planning for September 29. At Investor Day, which we expect will be a virtual event, we plan to discuss updates on our safety management initiatives, the next stage of our current $1.8 to $1.9 billion annual capital investment in safety and asset modernization programs. We'll also share details about our anticipated incremental capital investment opportunities in the range of $1.8 to $2 billion across 2022 and 2023 related to our electric generation strategy. This investment represents ownership through joint venture partnerships of approximately half the renewable generation portfolio needed to replace our coal plants retiring by 2023. As we have previously indicated, we expect to retire nearly 80% of our remaining coal-fired generation by 2023 and 100% by 2028. Our replacement plan is designed to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions by an industry-leading 90% by 2030 from a 2005 baseline. At Investor Day, we'll also share progress and additional details on the cost restructuring initiative we announced today. These strategic long-term cost reductions will support our growth, strategy, as they are expected to create offsets and future customer bills to allow for a robust capital investments. We'll provide details of our balanced financing plan to fund our robust capital investment plans, and this financing plan will be focused on maintaining our current investment-grade credit ratings. And we'll put all this together to underpin our updated net operating earnings per share growth outlook. We're pleased to preview this outline with you today, and we look forward to sharing all the details in September. Back to 2020, we continue to execute on our key priorities: asset modernization and safety enhancements and our electric generation strategy. We have gas base rate cases pending in Pennsylvania and Maryland, and we've received approval of an extension of our long-term gas modernization program in Indiana. In our Electric business, we made regulatory filings in Indiana seeking approval of PPAs, representing 300 megawatts of new solar generation and 30 megawatts of storage capacity. And commercial negotiations are advancing on build transfer agreements for a significant amount of additional solar capacity. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Donald, who will discuss our financial performance in more detail. Donald?
Donald Brown: Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. Looking at our second quarter results on Slide 4, we had non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $50 million or $0.13 per share compared to net operating earnings of about $19 million or $0.05 per share in 2019. The year-over-year increase was driven primarily by reduced employee and administrative expense measures put in place to offset the revenue impacts of COVID-19. Looking more closely at our segment results on Slide 5, operating earnings were up nearly $27 million in our Gas segment driven primarily by lower employee and administrative expenses and higher revenues from our safety and modernization investments. This was offset slightly by COVID impacts, including lower commercial and industrial demand, increased bad debt and COVID-specific O&M and reduced late payment and reconnect fees. In our Electric segment, operating earnings were up nearly $4 million, driven primarily by lower employee and administrative expenses, lower generation maintenance expenses, and higher COVID-related residential demand. And this was offset slightly by the same COVID impacts I outlined for the Gas segment. As for COVID-19, as outlined on Slide 6, and consistent with our base case, we saw lower revenue and cash flows in the quarter due to lower commercial and industrial sales and increases in bad debt and other COVID-related expenses. The total impact of COVID-19 in the quarter was approximately $30 million or $0.06 per share, with most of the demand-related impact in April when states in our service footprint were shut down. As I mentioned, this impact was completely offset by non-safety-related expense reductions. To date, the pandemic has not presented significant barriers to our safety and infrastructure modernization programs. As Joe mentioned earlier, we're continuing to -- we continue to expect to invest $1.7 to $1.8 billion of capital in 2020. And we're monitoring the COVID-19 situation closely, and will stand ready to make adjustments as necessary. We've been in dialogue with regulators in all of our states as we seek relief related to incremental COVID pandemic expenses, including bad debt. We've received orders in Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Maryland, which, to varying degrees, allow for deferral of these expenses for later recovery. As we stated on our first quarter call, the length and severity of the COVID pandemic will determine how significant the impact on our 2020 financial performance will be. Our base case still has us expecting a gradual recovery into the first half of 2021, and we haven't seen anything that would negatively impact our long-term growth. Turning to 2021 guidance on Slide 7. As Joe mentioned earlier, we have initiated 2021 net operating earnings per share guidance with the midpoint of $1.32. This guidance reflects our expectations about the initial cost savings, we expect to achieve through our cost restructuring and about a $0.05 impact due to COVID-19, which is our base case scenario. On this slide, we provided some detail about how we our 2021 guidance range. You will recall that our initial guidance range for 2020, which we withdrew when we announced the CMA transaction in February, was a $1.36 to $1.40. Once we factor in the initial results of our cost restructuring and the expected impact of COVID in 2021, that brings us to the $1.28 to $1.37 -- $1.36 guidance range for 2021 that we're initiating today. This 2021 guidance establishes the starting point for a long-term plan that will extend through 2024 with an expected rate base compound annual growth rate of 10% to 12%. This rate base growth is expected to drive earnings per share growth in excess of our previous 5% to 7% annual growth commitment with a shift to a CAGR due to the timing of our renewable portfolio investments. We're looking forward to sharing more details of our 4-year financial plan and our fresh long-term growth strategy at our Investor Day next month. Now turning to Slide 8. I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of June 30 was about $10 billion, of which about $8.7 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 16 years, and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.3%. In April, we financed our $850 million term loan and issued $1 billion of 10-year notes. We expect these transactions will provide us the necessary liquidity to manage through the impacts of the pandemic. At the end of the second quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $2 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization programs. Our credit ratings from all three major rating agencies are investment grade, and we're committed to maintaining our current investment-grade ratings. Now I'd like to turn to Slide 9, which covers our 2020 financing plan. Our current plan, which is focused on providing funding for our ongoing safety and infrastructure investment programs continues to include annual equity in the range of $200 million to $300 million from our at-the-market or ATM equity issuance program as well as $35 million to $60 million from our employee stock purchase and other programs. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Joe, who will provide some infrastructure investment and regulatory updates from our Gas and Electric businesses.
Joe Hamrock: Thank you, Donald. Now let's look at some NiSource utilities highlights for the second quarter and early third quarter of 2020, starting with our Gas Operations on Slide 10. In Pennsylvania, we filed a base rate case in April with the Public Utility Commission, seeking an annual revenue increase of $100.4 million to invest in, modernize and upgrade our existing natural gas distribution system as well as maintain the continued safety of the system. New rates are expected to become effective in February 2021. We also filed a rate case request with the Maryland Public Service Commission in May, the request supports further upgrading and replacement of our pipelines in the state. Our proposal updated in July would result in an annual revenue increase of $6.3 million, including $1.3 million of current tracker revenue if approved as filed. A PSC order is expected in the fourth quarter of 2020, with rates effective in December 2020. In Indiana, our application 6-year extension of our long-term gas infrastructure modernization program was approved by the Utility Regulatory Commission in July. The approved program includes nearly $950 million in capital investments through 2025 to be recovered through semiannual adjustments to the existing gas transmission distribution and storage improvement charge or TDSIC tracker. The gas TDSIC program has been in place since 2014. New rates went into effect in May in Ohio in our infrastructure replacement program following regulatory approval of our annual tracker adjustment. This allowed us to begin recovery of approximately $234 million in safety and infrastructure investments made in 2019. This well-established pipeline replacement program, authorized through 2022, covers replacement of priority mainline pipeline and targeted customer service lines. Also, in Ohio, our annual application for adjustment to our capital expenditure program rider remains pending before the Public Utilities Commission. This rider allows us to recover capital investments and related deferred expenses that are not recovered through the IRP. The adjustment application seeks to begin recovery of approximately $185 million in capital, invested in 2019. A commission order is expected this month with new rates effective in September 2020. Now let's turn to our Electric Operations on Slide 11. Shawn will cover our generation strategy progress in a moment, but I will mention that we continue to execute on our long-term electric infrastructure modernization plan in Indiana. This well-established program includes enhancements to our electric transmission and distribution system designed to further enhance safety and reliability. The program originally approved by the IURC in 2016 includes approximately $1.2 billion in electric infrastructure investments, we expect to make through 2022. And now I'll ask Shawn to talk about our renewable generation projects.
Shawn Anderson: Thank you, Joe. We're excited about the opportunity. And as mentioned earlier, NiSource has a significant incremental capital investment opportunity related to our electric generation strategy in Indiana. This strategy is consistent with our 2018 integrated resource plan, which outlines plans to retire nearly 80% of our remaining coal-fire generation by 2023 and retire all of our coal generation by 2028, which will be replaced by lower cost, reliable and cleaner options designed to drive a 90% reduction in our greenhouse gas emissions levels by 2030 compared to the 2005 baseline. Notably, we also expect this strategy to save our electric customers more than $4 billion over 30 years. We've laid out our replacement plan on Slide 13, and which points to a renewable portfolio designed with a combination of NIPSCO ownership, structured through joint ventures and purchase power agreements. Currently, we anticipate half of the capacity in the replacement plan. Targeting ownership in the joint ventures, which includes NIPSCO and tax equity partners as the members. The remaining new capacity is expected to be primarily in the form of PPAs. As part of the transition to cleaner energy and renewable generation, the Midcontinent Independent System Operator, recently approved our plan to retire the R.M. Schahfer Generating Station by 2023. We plan to replace approximately 1,400 megawatts of this retiring coal-fired generation, and we see the incremental capital investment opportunities to replace this capacity with our renewable platform in the range of $1.8 to $2 billion, primarily in 2022 and 2023. As you can see on Slide 14, we currently have 800 megawatts of wind, our Jordan Creek, Rosewater and Indiana Crossroads projects approved by the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission. And 300 megawatts of solar and 30 megawatts of storage PPAs, Brickyard solar and Greensboro solar pending before the IURC. Jordan Creek and Rosewater are under construction expected to be in service by the end of this year. NextEra Energy Resources who developed the Brickyard and Greensboro projects which are expected in service in mid 2023. Of the wind joint venture projects just mentioned, the IURC has already approved the construction for Rosewater and Indiana Crossroads projects, which represents $400 million in capital investments and rate base opportunity for NiSource. In July, we also moved forward with the tax equity financing agreement for the Rosewater project, closing the structure with Wells Fargo. We are working on the next steps for Indiana Crossroads, which is a 300-megawatt joint venture project with EDP Renewables North America, which was approved for construction in February and is expected to go in service by the end of 2021. Commercial negotiations are advancing on additional build transfer agreements, representing a significant amount of additional solar capacity. The construction and regulatory filings related to these build transfer agreements, are expected shortly after commercial agreements are executed. And we expect to have much more to share on our transition to renewable generation at our upcoming Investor Day in September. With that, now I'll turn the call back to Joe.
Joe Hamrock: Thank you, Shawn. Before we wrap up, I'd like to take a moment to address the social issues and actions taking place across the United States. Earlier this summer, we made a commitment to our employees that at NiSource, we will address systemic racism head on, wherever we see it. We value diversity, and we will not tolerate intolerance based on race or any other aspect of diversity. Internally, this means we will hold ourselves and our colleagues accountable to ensure that valuing diversity is a fundamental requirement to work at NiSource. And for our managers, creating and nurturing this environment is a foundational job expectation to which they will be held accountable. Before we turn to the Q&A portion of the call, I'll share and reiterate a few key takeaways. 2020 represents a period of transition for NiSource as we mitigate the financial impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, complete the sale of Columbia Gas of Massachusetts and reposition NiSource for enhanced execution in our key focus areas. We have launched a strategic initiative, which involves the realignment of our organizational structure and costs. This effort is designed to ensure that we are optimally positioned to support both the significant capital investments we will be making in renewable generation, and our ongoing asset modernization and safety enhancement investments. We continue to see modest commercial and industrial load impacts due to COVID-19, which are partially offset by increases in residential load. Cost savings and other measures have been implemented to mitigate these negative impacts on sales. Despite challenges related to the pandemic, we continue to expect to make $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in capital investments in 2020. Looking ahead, for 2021, we have initiated non-GAAP net operating earnings per share guidance in the range $1.28 to $1.36. This guidance reflects the initial cost savings we expect to achieve through this strategic initiative and the base case scenario impacts of COVID-19. It also establishes the starting point for a long-term plan that will extend through 2024 with an expected best-in-class rate base compound annual growth rate of 10% to 12%. This rate base growth is expected to drive earnings per share growth in excess of our previous 5% to 7% annual growth commitment, with the shift to a CAGR due to the timing of our renewable portfolio investments. We're excited about sharing more details with you around this new long-term growth strategy at our next Investor Day, which, again, we're planning to September 29. So thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We're now ready to take your questions. Cree?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: It says -- you guys -- I noticed that you guys are saying that the liquidity looks adequate for the next 12 to 24 months. So I'm assuming that means probably no block equity through 2021. But would it be safe to assume -- first of all, is that true? And then second of all, would it be safe to assume that there might be some block equity needed as you're building out the generation plan in '22, '23?
Donald Brown: Michael, it's Donald. I'll take that question. We'll provide more detail on our Analyst Day about what the financing plan looks like. We will have to finance this in a balanced way. We're looking at, certainly, equity, hybrids, which we've done in the past and converts. So really taking into account all the different options as we deliver this plan that builds on that 10% to 12% rate base growth, and we're going to do that and at the least cost-effective way. But we'll come back in September with that detailed plan on financing.
Michael Weinstein: All right. But that's built into your 5% to 7% CAGR, right? Which I assume is back-end loaded as you get more into the generation build part of the plan?
Donald Brown: Yes. I mean most of the investments are in '22 and '23. And so it's really the timing of those projects that impact the financing. I'd say the other things that we're looking at as we continue to negotiate the generation projects, looking at our cost savings across that plan. And then ultimately, we need to align our regulatory with our financing plans to provide that earnings guidance for -- in September.
Operator: Your next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: If I can pick it up where Mike left it off. When you think about the linearity of that 5% to 7%, especially since you're talking about being in excess, how do you think about the lumpiness in the back half? And let's just be a little bit more specific, if you can, as you think about the cycle of those rate cases and when those uplifts will be realized. I suspect, if I can, that '22 looks more like a '21 and then you get a bigger uptick as you normalize into '23 and then really the full year for '24. But can you talk about the trajectory, especially now that you're making this comment about being in excess of that 5% to 7%?
Donald Brown: Yes. If you think about the -- we've got a chart in our supplemental slides that shows the timing of investments as well as regulatory outcomes. We're going to make significant investments in '22 and '23. We're aligning what that regulatory timing is and when we get the revenues from those investments. And certainly, those early investments will dilute '22 and '23 before we fully have new revenues to support those investments. And so it picks up, obviously, after we get the full revenues and you'd have the full impact of the earnings in 2024. And so that's the reason that we're looking at a CAGR in terms of both the rate base growth as well as the earnings growth.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And then if I can ask for clarification on the tax equity bit here. You guys talk about roughly 1/3, 2/3 mix between tax equity and investment. How confident are you in that capital structure mix at this point in time? I know that that's been something of a moving target a little bit over time as you fine-tune the percent of wind and solar. And also as you fine-tune what is a novel structure in the industry. I just want to get a little clarity on that. And then also related to that, your level of confidence about where you could be within that $2.8 billion to $3 billion range just against the backdrop of getting approval for the JV-owned project.
Donald Brown: Yes. I mean, the -- when you look at the solar, the wind projects, part of the structure of the 1/3, 2/3 is really built on the type of projects that we're seeing in terms of the RFPs that we got back, and we're starting to -- or we're continuing the negotiations on. And so that's a big driver of how much of that is tax equity. And at the same time, the pricing from the RFP is really determining how much ownership we have versus how much is PPA.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. All right. Fair enough. But you feel this is pretty -- this is fairly well-established that at this point, this portion of the overall RFP will be JV projects. There's not too much ambiguity in PPA bucket versus ownership, et cetera?
Shawn Anderson: No, Julien. This is Shawn. We're highly confident in the range provided. We believe it strikes the balance of benefits to customers in the form of that lower energy cost over the 30-year horizon that we pointed to in the 2018 IRP as well as the significant capital investments yielding meaningful returns to our shareholders. We're confident in what that looks like. We're stepping through those commercial arrangements at the moment. We will provide much more detail in September. But we've been able to look at a couple of the structures already in front of the IURC and feel that, that's a good template for us to follow.
Operator: Your next question comes from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: My first question, just in Indiana and the renewable projects, what type of customer bill impact can you see when you balance the impact of the renewable rate base and the coal capacity retirement?
Shawn Anderson: Yes. Great question. This is Shawn. The customer bill impact, actually, we expect the $4 billion savings over the 30-year horizon. As you imagine, the lower cost of overall O&M for customers. So we actually see that generation strategy driving savings over the long term. On the investment side and in the combined bill, we still expect that low single-digit bill increase when rates do increase on an annualized basis. In terms of the regulatory filing and time lines, you can see on the supplemental Slide number 14, we wouldn't expect this activity really to occur until 2023 and 2024, where we'll step through that. What's critical about that is the retirement as well of Schahfer, which would yield then that O&M savings back to customers almost simultaneously. So they have to work a little bit in concert with one another, but we believe that bill impact to be moderated overall.
Insoo Kim: Got it. And then just from a balance sheet perspective, you're still targeting the 14% to 15% total debt, longer term. When we think about 2021, do you still -- do you expect to be at least at the 14% range just by using your annual ATM program?
Donald Brown: Yes. Long term, we're targeting that 14% to 15%. Just recently met with the rating agencies and continue to have conversations with them about our investment plan over the next four years, and we're confident in that plan. Again, we'll provide more detail on what that looks like at our Analyst Day.
Operator: Our next question is from Aga Zmigrodzka with UBS.
Aga Zmigrodzka: How should we think about the future renewable investments from '24 to '28? Should the CapEx size be similar to investments that you just announced for '22, '23?
Shawn Anderson: Great question. We'll have a number of IRP analyses that will help to inform the real answer to your question. In fact, 2021, we'll be stepping through the public IRP process again in Indiana. So we'll have much better insights as we grow closer to that. But speaking from the 2018 IRP's perspective, it did point to the retirement of the Michigan City generation facility by 2028. That facility, which is about 500 megawatts on MISO would then need to be -- that capacity we would anticipate need to be replaced. As far as the forum, we would step through the IRP process and as Donald referenced earlier, what the commercial costs and the fuel costs would be to then deliver what the solution would be for that capacity.
Aga Zmigrodzka: And recently, your peer in Pennsylvania announced a settlement for roughly 30% of progressive revenue in their rate case. Could you provide an update on your rate case in Pennsylvania? Are there any delays due to the COVID and social distancing?
Donald Brown: Okay. No. So we have filed the rate case. We continue to work with intervenors and the commission. At this point, we're not seeing or expecting any change related to COVID in terms of the timing or the outcome of that rate case.
Operator: Your next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Can I ask you, in terms of -- and I think you part answered my question, but the 10% to 12% rate base growth on a consolidated level, I think you answered my question in Indiana. But in your other jurisdictions, Pennsylvania, for instance, Ohio, what -- how should we think about sort of the bill impact from the 10% to 12% rate base growth?
Donald Brown: Yes. Still, on the gas side, we continue to see rate base growth of about 10% to 12%. That's not changing. Again, we're always targeting to be in the low single digits in terms of total bill impact for our customers.
Durgesh Chopra: Low single. Okay. That makes sense. And then maybe can I just go back to the earnings growth trajectory and the move to CAGR. Given the cost reductions that you alluded to earlier, should we be thinking about -- so in low growth years, you're still in that 5% to 7% range and in high-growth years, maybe you exceed that? Or any -- could you be below 5%? I'm not sure if you're ready to share that information yet or not, but how should we think about that?
Donald Brown: Yes. We're not ready to share that yet. Again, as we think about the timing of those investments, the timing of cost savings and then aligning that with the regulatory plan is the work that we're finalizing now, and we'll be prepared to give more detail in our Analyst Day.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: Guys, the $0.05 impact from COVID-19 as you go from -- well, I'm looking at Slide 7. You go from 2020 guidance to 2021 guidance, $0.05 in fact from COVID. You indicated you -- I think the comment was you don't see any long-term impact from COVID-19. So can I assume that, that $0.05 fades away post 2021?
Donald Brown: Yes. Our base case really has an impact in 2021, lingering into early 2021. Long term, we'd expect to get that back through customers, either through base rate cases, if it were permanent demand reduction or through the commercial side coming back. So it's really the short term.
Charles Fishman: Okay. So that -- and then that's built into the 5% to 7% plus EPS growth that you're guiding?
Donald Brown: That's correct.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then a question on the renewables. It was a previous question about the 50% owned, and I know that's a number you've discussed in the past. But remind me, is that something that has regulatory approval? Have you just had just sort of informal discussions with the commission on that 50% owned? And you still would have to go back in Indiana, project by project, PPA by PPA for approval, correct?
Donald Brown: Yes. That's absolutely correct. You would really look at it on a project-by-project basis, what the commercial arrangements would be. You'd look at the overall cost of then what that project would be. And then you'd push that out over a 30-year horizon, so to speak, to find the balance of affordability for customers and delivering reliable service. But you answered it correctly.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Yes, has it -- go ahead.
Joe Hamrock: Yes. Charles, it's Joe. I would just add, the blueprint is well established. We've already got approval of the joint venture approach, and it's that blueprint that we're using as a model for the future investments.
Charles Fishman: Yes. And not to beat a dead horse here because I think you've answered this on a previous question this morning. The 50%, though, you feel pretty confident with. You've probably had informal conversations with staff and commission on that?
Donald Brown: Yes. Actually, it's laid out fairly explicitly in terms of the 2018 IRP. And we're at this point following that plan rather closely. It is still tracking online. So it's been a pretty public process, and it will continue to be in 2021 as we provide those updates.
Charles Fishman: Okay, I'm sorry. So the 50% is in the IRP?
Donald Brown: Yes. It tracked through that analysis in the 2018 IRP. It's not statutorily mandated but that is the requirement. And it's still an approximation based on the commercial arrangements. But that is the analysis that was pointed to in the '18 IRP.
Operator: Next question is from Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies LLC.
Chris Sighinolfi: I wanted to maybe follow-on from Charles' questions there. Just with regard to COVID impact Donald, you say the guidance is pretty clear, I think, for 2021. You had mentioned in, I think, your prepared remarks that COVID impacts on the second quarter were somewhere estimated around the $0.06 territory. I'm just curious if you could maybe frame up, is the guidance that you gave with the May presentation around 2020 COVID impacts still a good benchmark to use as we think about sort of how they may feather away over time?
Donald Brown: That's right. Yes, we're still seeing our base case in the results. Certainly, June came in a little bit better than what we were estimating, but still kind of negative below kind of our original plan this year because of COVID. And we'll continue to watch kind of month-by-month to see how this plays out. But right now, what we provided in June is still consistent with our base case.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. And the base year for your EPS CAGR would be 2020, is that correct?
Donald Brown: 2021.
Chris Sighinolfi: 2021 will be the new. Okay. And then I guess, separately, as I was thinking about comments that you made about non-safety expense management in the quarter, which looked pretty impressive given the financial performance. And then comments that Joe had made about maybe a more longer derated cost structure improvement on the company, things like the employee option, early retirement options, things like that. Just how do we think about things that maybe you pulled hard back on the reins during 2Q to offset for COVID or because you couldn't do certain things perhaps. Coming back in the back half of this year versus things that will then become more permanent in nature. Can you just maybe provide a little bit more color about the puts and takes on those two different type of expense management programs?
Donald Brown: Yes. I'd say this year, there's certainly more temporary items that we can hold back on different programs and different initiatives to offset the impact of COVID. As we look at 2021 and beyond, it's really about having structural permanent cost reduction that will provide savings to customers long-term in the plan.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. And I guess by the time of the Investor Day, one point five months from now, I think Joe had mentioned some of these programs are being enacted immediately, I guess, based on the employee acceptance of some of those offers, you might have a better sense as to how successful further tranches might be. Is that -- are you going to frame up for us like buckets of cost improvement you're going to expect to see from different initiatives?
Donald Brown: Yes, that's right. We'll provide more detail on what that long-term plan looks like. Certainly, VSP is just one step. Longer term, it really is around how do we structure our organization to reduce scale. There's opportunities to invest in digitization, which improves productivity across our operations. And then long term, it's really around how do we continue to drive operational excellence to continue to improve on how we perform our work, and we'll provide more details on that at our Analyst Day.
Joe Hamrock: And Chris, this is Joe. Just in the spirit of the framing of the question and Donald's response, there's certainly, as Donald said, some temporary changes we made to help in the second quarter here. We'll see in the back half of the year, though, the beginning of the more permanent structural changes in cost. And I would add, this is really an acceleration of some initiatives that we've had underway for some time. We had a number of cost restructuring initiatives underway. As far back as two or three years ago, designed to flatten O&M. And as we step into this transition moment, we're accelerating a number of those initiatives. And we will, as Donald said, have a lot more detail on that in September when we get together.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. Great. Totally unrelated question, Donald. Just with regard to second quarter, you had flagged in the first quarter release, I think, some negative headwind from the performance of your company-owned life insurance. I'm assuming with the market rebound here in the second quarter that you got some of that back. I'm just curious if it was anything noteworthy in the results or anything you could frame for us there?
Donald Brown: Yes. Certainly, the market did perform better in the second quarter and it came back, but nothing significant that drives our overall results this year.
Operator: At this time, there are no questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Joe Hamrock.
Joe Hamrock: Thank you, Cree. And thank you all again for participating today, for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We do look forward to seeing you again in September when we go into more detail on the framing that we laid out today. So have a good day and make it a safe day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q1 2020 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Nick Drew, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Nick Drew: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to the NiSource first quarter 2020 investor call. Joining me today are Joe Hamrock, our Chief Executive Officer; and Donald Brown, our Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource's financial performance for the first quarter of 2020 as well as provide an update on our operations, growth drivers and financing plans. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call to your questions. Slides for today's call are available on nisource.com. Before turning the call over to Joe and Donald, just a quick reminder. Some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some of the statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and segment information, including our full financial schedules available at nisource.com. With all of that out of the way, I'd like to turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks Nick. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before I summarize our performance in the first quarter, I want to take a moment to comment on the current global crisis and to thank our dedicated employees for the critical and tremendously important work they do every day to keep America running in our service areas. This pandemic has highlighted just how critical the NiSource team's work is to the communities we serve. Early on in the crisis, the states we serve designated us as a central service providers, recognizing that we provide an essential service to millions of end user customers across our service area. This also reflects the critical support we provide to the other essential service providers, hospitals, emergency responders, food providers and key supply chain operators on the front lines of this crisis. Those essential service providers are depending on us and our peers across the utility industry to continue to deliver a safe and uninterrupted supply of gas and electric power, so they can continue their critical work. We are deeply grateful for the dedication and selflessness of those on the front lines of this crisis and for the opportunity we have to support their important and lifesaving work. We have activated our incident command structure to coordinate strategy, execution and communication across our seven-state operating area. To protect our employees, we have encouraged all those who can work from home to do so. For those employees who must report to a work location, we have implemented social distancing protocols, temperature checks for people entering critical company buildings, more frequent cleaning of facilities and equipment and allowing only one person at a time in vehicles while doing our work. Also, certain critical functions have activated sequestration plans to prevent any outbreak among employees in specialized functions necessary to continue providing safe, reliable service to our customers. NiSource's sequestration approach is consistent with others in the utility industry. Across NiSource, we are following health and safety protocols recommended by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and federal, state and local governments. We have taken a number of actions to help customers through the COVID-19 pandemic, including suspending shut-offs for non-payment until further notice and offering our most flexible payment plans to customers impacted by or facing hardship due to COVID-19. Additional measures the company has taken to protect customers include directing field employees to practice strict social distancing at any customer premise and minimizing non-essential field work that requires entering a customer's home. In March, the NiSource Charitable Foundation committed nearly $1.5 million in donations to provide relief support across our footprint. This included a $1 million donation to the American Red Cross and nearly $500,000 to support operating company initiatives at the local level. These donations are intended to support the delivery of care and comfort to communities in need across our footprint as a result of the COVID-19 public health crisis. While we can't see with perfect clarity how this crisis will play out, we remain confident that we will get through this and will emerge a stronger country and a stronger organization. We are resolute in our dual commitments to deliver essential gas and electric service to our customers and the equally important duty of protecting the health and safety of our 8,400 dedicated employees. Our business plan is resilient and will help us emerge from this event positioned to continue to deliver for all of our stakeholders. Now turning to Slide 3, and our results and key takeaways for the first quarter. Our non-GAAP net operating earnings per share of $0.76 compared to $0.82 per share in the first quarter of 2019. The first quarter of 2020 largely played out prior to COVID reaching crisis proportions in the United States and therefore, was minimal pandemic impact on our first quarter results. As we've all seen the continued spread of COVID-19 has resulted in widespread impacts on the global economy and financial markets and could lead to a prolonged reduction in economic activity, extended disruptions to supply chains and capital markets and reduced labor availability and productivity. We are continuing to evaluate the range of potential impacts of the pandemic on our business and on future operating results and liquidity. We currently expect to experience decreased sales volumes to commercial and industrial customers and increased bad debt expenses. We may also experience sustained customer attrition. We will continue to manage these impacts and will update you in future quarters as details become known. In order to help mitigate potential impacts on our cash flow, we have lowered our capital plan by $100 million and we now expect to make investments of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in 2020. We also recently took a pair of actions to reduce financing risk and increase liquidity. On April 1st, we refinanced our $850 million term loan with a new maturity date of March 31, 2021. On April 13, we issued $1 billion of 3.6% notes due May 1st, 2030. Additionally, the previously announced sale of Columbia Gas of Massachusetts' assets to Eversource Energy remains on track to close in the third quarter of 2020, and will provide additional liquidity. We remain committed to maintaining our current investment grade credit ratings. You will recall that we withdrew our non-GAAP earnings guidance in February due to the pending CMA sales transaction. We continue to believe that the long-term growth opportunity for our remaining operating companies is unchanged. We expect to, following the completion of the CMA transaction, initiate 2021 net operating earnings per share guidance and restate a 5% to 7% long-term growth rate for both net operating earnings per share and dividends with 2021 as the base year. This new long-term guidance is expected to be extended beyond 2022 to include incremental investment opportunities related to our electric generation strategy, which continues to advance. While discussions with bidders in our latest RFP are ongoing, we're currently targeting ownership of approximately half the generation portfolio needed to replace our retiring coal plants. This presents incremental capital investment opportunities in 2022 and 2023. With respect to our safety management system implementation, it's important to know that even with our current pandemic response efforts, our broader safety enhancements remain a top priority. SMS continues to mature in our gas business and in 2020, we have begun to implement SMS in our electric business as well. We are enhancing risk identification through our Corrective Action Program, which is providing valuable analytical insights. We are also piloting the use of mobile gas leak detection technology and we're enhancing our gas emergency preparedness and response capabilities, including the deployment of new state-of-the-art mobile command centers. Safety remains the foundation of our business. Our safety enhancements are delivering value in multiple ways, including the activation of our enhanced incident command structure to manage through the COVID-19 pandemic. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Donald, who will discuss our financial performance and outlook in more detail. Donald?
Donald Brown: Thanks Joe, and good morning, everyone. Looking at our first quarter results on Slide 4. We had non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $291 million or $0.76 per share compared to net operating earnings of about $308 million or $0.82 per share in 2019. The year-over-year decline was driven primarily by increased safety O&M costs and reduced industrial demand in the electric business offset somewhat by increased revenue from base rate proceedings, our Infrastructure Replacement Programs and the effects of gas segment customer growth. As a reminder, most of the first quarter played out prior to the pandemic related shutdowns and stay-at-home orders in our states, so these results really do not reflect any meaningful COVID impact. Now turning to Slide 5, I like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of March 31st was about $9.9 billion, of which about $7.7 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 17 years and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.4%. At the end of the first quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $1.3 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization programs. Our credit ratings from all three major rating agencies are investment grade and we're committed to maintaining our current investment grade ratings. I'd now like to turn to Slide 6, which covers our financing plan for a long-term growth investments. As we mentioned on our fourth quarter call, as a result of the CMA asset sale transaction, we no longer expect to pursue our previously planned 2020 block equity issuance. In April, we refinanced our $850 million term loan and issued $1 billion of 10-year notes at a 3.6% coupon. We expect these transactions will provide us the necessary liquidity to manage through the impacts of the pandemic. Our current plan, which is focused on providing funding for our ongoing safety and infrastructure investment programs continues to include annual equity in the range of $200 million to $300 million from our At-The-Market or ATM equity issuance program as well as $35 million to $60 million from our employee stock purchase and other programs. To-date, the pandemic has not presented significant barriers for our safety and infrastructure modernization programs. As Joe mentioned earlier, we have, as a cash conservation measure, scaled back our capital investment plan by a $100 million and now expect to invest $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in 2020. A warmer than normal January and February provided us some flexibility in our capital execution this year, but we're monitoring the COVID-19 situation closely and will stand ready to make further adjustments as necessary. We're also active on the state regulatory front as we seek relief related to incremental COVID pandemic expenses, including bad debt. In April, we received orders from state commissions in Maryland and Virginia giving us the authority to defer incremental COVID-related expenses for recovery at a later date. And we're currently working with our regulators in other states to address COVID-related financial impacts. Ultimately, the length and severity of the COVID pandemic will determine how significant the impact on our financial performance will be, but we haven't seen anything yet that would negatively impact our long-term growth drivers. We continued to expect that following closing of the Massachusetts transaction later this year, we will initiate 2021 net operating earnings per share guidance and establish a 5% to 7% long-term growth rate for both net operating earnings per share and dividends with 2021 as the base year. This new long-term growth rate is also expected to be extended beyond 2022 to include incremental investments related to our electric generation strategy. Now, I'll turn the call back to Joe for a few infrastructure investment and regulatory highlights.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you, Donald. Now let's turn to some highlights for the first quarter and early second quarter of 2020 from our gas operations on Slide 7. In Pennsylvania, we filed a base rate case last month with the Public Utility Commission seeking an annual revenue increase of $100.4 million to invest in, modernize and upgrade our existing natural gas distribution system as well as maintain the continued safety of the system. And order and new rates are expected to become effective in January 2021. The same day as our Pennsylvania rate case, we filed a petition with the PUC requesting authority to implement a temporary program that would make grants to residential customers who are experiencing a loss of income due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but who are not eligible to participate in our existing assistance programs. We proposed to use a portion of pipeline penalty credits that the PUC has previously approved for hardship funds, matched by a contribution from the NiSource Charitable Foundation to fund the grants. This is an example of how we're looking for ways to help our most vulnerable customers weather this pandemic financially, which is a priority for us across all of our states. In Ohio, the Public Utilities Commission approved our annual Infrastructure Replacement Program tracker adjustment. This order allows us to begin recovery of approximately $234 million in safety and infrastructure investments made in 2019. This well-established pipeline replacement program, authorized through 2022, covers replacement of priority mainline pipe and targeted customer service lines. New rates from this most recent filing went into effect this month. The Ohio Commission is also reviewing our latest annual adjustment request for our Capital Expenditure Program rider. This rider allows us to recover capital investments and related deferred expenses that are not recovered through the IRP. The pending application seeks to begin recovery of approximately a $185 million in capital invested in 2019 and an order is expected in August 2020. In Indiana, our application for a six-year extension of our long-term gas infrastructure modernization program remains pending before the Utility Regulatory Commission. The proposal includes nearly $950 million in capital investments through 2025, to be recovered through semi-annual adjustments to the existing gas Transmission, Distribution and Storage Improvement Charge or TDSIC tracker. The existing gas TDSIC program has been in place since 2014. An IURC order is expected in July 2020. Now, let's turn to our electric operations on Slide 8. Construction is underway on both the Rosewater and Jordan Creek wind projects. Both projects are expected to be replaced in service by the end of this year. Though inside that schedule, the Rosewater project could experience a construction delay due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we will continue to monitor closely any possible construction impacts related to the pandemic. The IURC on February 19th, 2020, approved our application for a third wind project, Indiana Crossroads, a joint venture with EDP Renewables North America. Indiana Crossroads will have an aggregate nameplate capacity of 302 megawatts and is expected to be in operation in the fourth quarter of 2021. Discussions continue with a number of commercial bidders who responded to our request for proposals which closed in November 2019. The RFP results were consistent with our 2018 integrated resource plan, which calls for 100% of our coal capacity to be retired by 2028, to be replaced by lower cost, reliable and cleaner options. The plan is expected to drive a 90% reduction in our greenhouse gas emissions by 2030, and to save our electric customers more than $4 billion over 30 years. NIPSCO is considering all sources in the RFP process and is expecting to obtain adequate resources to facilitate the retirement of the R.M. Schahfer Generating Station in 2023. Currently, half of the capacity in the replacement plan is targeted to be owned by joint ventures that will include NIPSCO and unrelated financial investors as the members. The remaining new capacity is expected to be primarily in the form of purchase power agreements. NIPSCO expects to begin the appropriate regulatory compliance filings related to the new capacity as agreements are finalized with counterparties in 2020 and 2021. The planned replacement in 2023 of approximately 1,600 megawatts of retiring coal-fired generation could provide incremental NiSource capital investment opportunities for 2022 and 2023. We continued to execute on our seven-year electric infrastructure modernization program, which includes enhancements to our electric transmission and distribution system designed to further improve system safety and reliability. The program originally approved by the IURC in 2016, includes approximately $1.2 billion of electric infrastructure investments expected to be made through 2022. New rates under our latest modernization tracker update became effective in January 2020. Turning now to Slide 9. I'll focus on our system-wide safety enhancements. We are resolved to lead in safety and exceed existing industry standards anchored by three pillars, a culture where everyone is empowered to identify and report risk, process safety that adds layers of protection and enhanced asset risk analytics and management practices. Our ongoing implementation and refinement of a Safety Management System or SMS based on API's RP 1173 is driving improved planning and performance across our gas business. We've made great progress in our SMS implementation in our gas business and we begun to introduce these practices in our electric business as well. In our gas business, we have advanced the maturity of risk identification through the Corrective Action Program or CAP, which provides expanded insights and enhanced analytics. We are also piloting the use of mobile gas leak detection technology and we have also matured our gas emergency preparedness and response capabilities, including the ongoing deployment of new state-of-the-art mobile command centers. Ultimately, we're driving toward having new tools like CAP to help identify, analyze and proactively mitigate risk, new risk informed programs, projects and rate cases and more flexibility in risk investments. This work will continue to be a priority in 2020 and beyond. Turning to Slide 10. I'd like to focus for a moment on our ongoing focus on environmental, social and governance matters. While this slide is new to our presentation, our focus on ESG is not new. We have been reporting on ESG and sustainability for more than a decade now. As many of you likely have seen, we recently published our 2019 integrated annual report. If you haven't already, I encourage you to check it out at nisource.com. The report discusses our renewed commitment to strengthening our safety culture, modernizing our energy delivery infrastructure, transforming our electric business, reducing our emissions and contributing to the communities in which we live and work. Last summer, we published our 2018 Climate Report, also available at nisource.com, which is aligned with the framework developed by the task force on climate-related financial disclosures. We also have a track record of being recognized for our sustainability performance. For instance, we have been named to the Dow Jones North America Sustainability Index for six consecutive years. We've also been named to the FTSE4Good Index as well as the number of sustainability indexes maintained by S&P. We have an aggressive goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions 90% by 2030 from 2005 levels. We reduced greenhouse gas emissions by 13% in 2019, bringing the total decrease to 48% from 2005 levels. We were a founding member of the EPA's Methane Challenge Program in 2016 and we hold a top 20% environmental performance score from the Institutional Shareholder Services. And in January, we were named to the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index for the third consecutive year. The GEI tracks the financial performance of public companies committed to supporting gender equality through policy development, representation and transparency. We are committed to being recognized throughout our communities as one of the best places to work and grow and gender equality is a critical component of our inclusion and diversity efforts. Before we take your questions, I'll share and reiterate a few key takeaways. We remain focused on maintaining safe and reliable energy service through the COVID-19 pandemic. We have taken financial steps which position NiSource with ample liquidity to manage through the crisis and we're seeking supportive regulatory relief with respect to incremental pandemic expenses. We will continue to manage potential financial impacts and provide you more details as they become known. Consistent with recent years, we expect to complete $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in capital investments in 2020 and continue to expect to close on the CMA asset sale transaction in the third quarter and we remain committed to maintaining our current investment-grade credit ratings. We continue to prioritize safety initiatives across our footprint even as we manage through the pandemic. This includes implementation of our SMS, which continues to mature across our gas business and is being rolled out in our electric business in 2020. Our electric generation strategy is advancing with wind project construction continuing, our coal-fired generation retirement is on track and incremental capital investment opportunities identified as we further develop our replacement portfolio. Safety and infrastructure investments continue across our gas business with tracker updates progressing in a new base rate case filed in Pennsylvania. Thank you all for participating today [technical difficulty] of NiSource. We're now ready to take your questions. Mariyama?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [Rob Porter] on for Shar. I know you guys obviously pulled 2020 guidance because of the pending sale base rate gas. But as we think 2021, prior language seems to allude 2021 should be at least as good as 2020, is that still the case and what are the drivers we should think about?
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks for the question. As we think about COVID and we're early on into trying to understand what this could mean to our business and the economies. I think it's little early to provide specific guidance on 2021. As we stated earlier, we haven't seen a significant impact in the first quarter, because of COVID on - from an expense standpoint or - as well as a revenue standpoint, but we do expect we will see lower customer demand and some higher bad debt expense. So I think as we get - go through the quarters, we'll be able to provide more guidance and insight as we learn what the impacts COVID will have on our business going forward. Again, we don't think it affects our long-term growth drivers, but we do want to understand how it may impact our financials this year and our starting point next year.
Operator: And your next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: If I could follow-up on the last question - just the level set here on '21 expectation. You all talked about being largely flattish versus '20 earlier and some of that seems to be predicated on cost cuts to offset some of the - for earnings loss as part of the sale. How are you thinking about that today given - and I'm going to presuppose the certain amount of incremental cost cut as you think about '21 to offset some of the lost demand that might spill over into '21 from '20 here?
Donald Brown: Yes, no, that's right. We continued to work on the separation plan with Eversource and for our own purposes and understanding what the dissynergies are and what are those mitigation steps to help offset some of the impact of the loss earnings from Massachusetts. Certainly COVID provide some incremental pressure as we think about operating expenses as well as cash flows and so we're working through that. At this point, not having any specifics on what the revenue impacts will be, it's - I'd say it's difficult to give any specific direction, but as we do our scenario analysis and look at potential impacts to our customers, we are taking into - we are taking that information into our analysis as we look at our own operating expenses and capital programs.
Joseph Hamrock: And Julien, let me just...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So just to be clear you kind of missed....
Joseph Hamrock: Talk a little bit of about - yeah, let me add just a little about of differentiation. When you think about the cost profile related to the CMA sale and the actions that we're taking there, those are really in the realm of changing cost structures on a permanent basis related to ongoing operations and largely across the shared enterprise platforms and in enterprise cost pools. Very different from what you might do to manage on a short-term basis through a downturn like this. Some of the discretionary spending that largely often comes back in future spending, it's timing of spending that you often look at for those kind of efforts. So I would differentiate the two efforts and highlight that our focus is on maintaining core strength for 2021 and beyond. So any cost shaping actions we'll take at the edge of this year will be to manage, as Donald said, through the tight spots here, but our core focus remains on execution capabilities and lean operating platforms for '21 and beyond. So there is a distinction there. They're - they maybe co-mingle at times but largely they're separate and distinct efforts.
Donald Brown: Yes, I think the opportunity to...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I appreciate that.
Donald Brown: Because we are...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: If I can just clarify that. Sorry, go for it Donald. I apologize.
Donald Brown: Yes, I'd say that because we've got a team that's focused on looking at the core operations and how we can change structure even looking at some of the temporary levers that we may be able to execute goes hand-in-hand with that work.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. So if - but just to clarify, with respect to that earlier expectation of flattish guidance, you're not necessarily restating that at this point in time, given the various puts and takes here. Just want to be clear about that.
Donald Brown: I would say that it's too early to provide that guidance for 2021, not knowing what the impact of COVID will be on the business.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Understood. And then, if I can just go quickly, how are you seeing the April sales trend thus far? I know you sort of talked here on the 1Q impact thus far, but curious, what are you currently seeing if you can, just to give us a little bit of a sense of the flavor of the order of magnitude.
Donald Brown: Yes, we're actually closing the books this week and so I don't have any specifics I can give you just yet. We'll have that, I'd say, over the next week and as we get more information and can provide that to investors, we will do so. Yeah, the one thing that...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay.
Donald Brown: That we are thinking about though, and I've said it on the - our investor fireside chat a couple of weeks ago, this part of the year is a shoulder season and so it's a lower supply and demand season. And so it's also little bit hard to translate what we'd see from an April standpoint into a long-term impact on the business as well as just understanding what businesses our customers are doing temporarily versus what they do long-term.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Peters with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
David Peters: Hope you and your families are doing well. On the RFP in Indiana, when should we expect an update on incremental CapEx opportunities and how do you guys see that shaping kind of the long-term growth trajectory of the company?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, let me about the timing as we view it now and Donald can talk about the longer-term view to the extent it's coming into view at this point. So we're - as we noted earlier, we're in the negotiations phase with the bidders into the RFP. We expect to come through that here in the next few months. So I would expect to see the regulatory filings associated with that, CPCN is associated with that with the mix of PPAs and the JV tax equity structures later this summer, maybe around our Q2 call, we'll see. We'll just see how that plays out, but later this summer, we should have a lot more to talk about in terms of the mix and that would obviously lay out the timetable for investments on both sides of that equation. As it relates to the longer term CapEx and growth profile, let me ask Donald to talk about current outlook on that.
Donald Brown: Yes, I think it's - that guidance in terms of long term growth and the 2021 base that we've talked about likely be in the third quarter, so that we can talk about, here is what we're seeing for 2021, here's what the investment plan looks like over the next horizon. And again, we expect to extend that beyond 2022 to take into account the generation investments.
David Peters: Great. And then another question I had just on the 2020 CapEx. Is that $100 million being deferred until say, next year or soon after or how should we just think about that $100 million?
Donald Brown: I'd look at it as - it's a reduction this year, but obviously, it's work that we need to do. We will have to find - determine when we would make those investments in the future. We haven't looked that far out to say what - how that might impact 2021 or 2022, but ultimately, it's long-term investments that we're making in the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Insoo Kim: My first question is on NIPSCO electric, could you just give a little bit more color on the types of commercial and industrial business - customers that you serve?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, sure, let me touch on it. I think probably, the most notable part of the profile from a low perspective is the concentration of energy intense industrials, the steel and petrochem profile that we have there. And those customers, as you may recall, are under a new rate structure that was implemented with the rate case from last year that essentially shifts the capacity commitment profile for us to the firm portion of the load and allows them to buy through to the market on a ongoing basis. A novel approach to derisk that for us and for them and for our other customers, and you will note, if you look at industrial sales, Q1 of '20 versus Q1 of '19, you'll note a decline in industrial sales, a significant portion of which is related to that buy through. So it's by design that we have some of that decline in there and we did see about a 6.5% decline on industrial electric Q1 '20 versus Q1 '19. The remainder is a pretty diverse set of sectors, the remainder of our commercial and industrial loads, pretty diverse set of sectors across a growing part of the state and so we see good diversity and good economic development there as well. We saw load and I would just highlight the load profile. If you look at the results for the quarter, on the electric side, residential load down quarter one versus quarter one of last year, same for commercial and that's been a bit of a continuing trend on use per customer. On - by contrast, on the gas side of the business, residential sales were up about 3% across our footprint year-on-year and commercial up close to 5%, all of which, as we noted before, was pre-COVID impact. So we're not really seeing COVID impacts in that. And then industrial, slightly down on the gas side. So - and we continue to see our customer count increase as we've gone through the first quarter here. We added a little more insight than you asked for, but I want to make sure the whole picture was in focus there.
Insoo Kim: That's really good color. And my other question is, can you just give an update on the latest timing of the Massachusetts DPU's investigation into the Merrimack incident and is a final outcome on that required at all to close on the utility sale?
Joseph Hamrock: That all remains on track. We're, as you would expect, engaged right now with stakeholders in the early phases of that process. People continue to work through that even it with the COVID implications for work from home. We've seen very good progress on that. We expect that to close, as we noted earlier on the call, by the end of the third quarter of this year, would note that there is the possibility of some slight delay just from the workload issues and the way COVID might impact just working conditions, but we're confident in that. And we are viewing that and approaching that as a combined effort to resolve all matters related to Massachusetts, including the pipeline safety investigation. So it's all essentially on the table and in the mix together.
Insoo Kim: And also just, is that outcome required for the completion of the sale to Eversource?
Joseph Hamrock: Well, again, it's - again we've put all of the matters together into the sale. It's an opportunity for a comprehensive package to - for NiSource to exit the state and Eversource to take the ongoing operations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Michael Weinstein: Just to be clear about the long term guidance of 5% to 7%. You indicated a base year of 2021, that base year would include - you're expecting that all of these cost savings to offset the synergies from the sale of Massachusetts, will be in that 2021 base year at that point right? There is not going to be an additional savings which would flow into 2022 and beyond?
Joseph Hamrock: I'd actually expect that there would be savings that are ongoing. There is timing to some of the change in operations. If you think about doing a transaction, part of the work that we've got to do to separate will take multiple years. What we've got in this agreement is a transaction services agreement that lasts up to 30 months. And so as we analyze what that TSA looks like, we expect that we'll have some savings immediately, because we won't have to do that work and we can take the advantage of those savings opportunities. But over time, as the TSA comes off as well as we make other structural changes to our cost profile, that will take a couple of years.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. And you're still saying it's about a $0.05 or so of ETS synergies that you're expecting after the sale is completed?
Joseph Hamrock: I could see it in the range - that being in the range of savings.
Michael Weinstein: On the - on generation, the new generation investments that you're expecting, you indicated there will be some financial partners involved non-related to NIPSCO. Are we talking about tax equity partners on wind projects or are we talking about something else here and what kind of an arrangement is that?
Donald Brown: That's right, that's right. We are looking at tax equity partners to be able to take advantage of the tax credits related to those renewable investments and support the utility being able to re-base those investments.
Michael Weinstein: So does that mean that at the end of the five-year period, recapture period that those tax equity partners would want to exit the investment and NIPSCO would gain more of the investment at that point, re-base would increase?
Donald Brown: Yes. The way it's structured that over time it's a build-own-transfer arrangement. So over time, there would be steps where we would pick up more of the overall joint ventures.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Chris Sighinolfi: Maybe a follow up on that last question, Joe. Just had a - you talked about with the IRP having a combination of partners, but also things that you'd be investing yourself. I'm just wondering, how you think about the allocation of that or the breakdown of that? Is that the attributes of a particular project? Is that just the capital budget constraints of NiSource in any particular period of time? Can you just give us a sense of how you think about that component through time?
Joseph Hamrock: It's really about optimizing the mix and starting with cost to customer as the key driver. When we analyze the RFP and the bids, we had a mix of PPA bids, bids that could go either PPA or JV and some straight JV and as we optimize that portfolio, the 50%-ish blend is what looks like the solution set that balances best cost to customer with the right ownership structure for us and opportunities for us, all subject to continuing negotiation and continuing evaluation, but that's a - that's kind of the target zone we're operating in right now.
Chris Sighinolfi: So I guess, as we think about the profile through time that's - that mix shift is something that could be something that's fairly constant or do you expect to have more NIPSCO participation earlier in the IRP process or later or can you give any color on that?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. I think we'll take a one step at a time as we go through. We certainly want to look for ownership opportunities and investment opportunities and I would say we have a preference for that, but we want to do that in a balanced way that reflects the best interest of all of our stakeholders. And so we'll take each step in this, each tranche on a kind of an independent basis and look at the portfolio needs at a point in time.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay, great. I also had two other questions. I was just - clearly, there's an earlier question about and you kind of talked about the change in the NIPSCO customer set and rate dynamic maybe certainly since the last recession...
Joseph Hamrock: Right.
Chris Sighinolfi: And clearly Columbia has been spun off since - Columbia Pipeline since that time, but I'm just curious, if there is any other things that you maybe have gone back through and looked at the performance of the company in '08-'09 just as like a proxy set and maybe just some of the things, if we were to do that, that you would point out that are quite a bit different this time versus that time or maybe any learnings from that time that inform how you and Donald think about the business. I know you're not giving guidance and I know you're still assessing COVID impacts and the dynamic this time is different, but there is still obviously an economic component, just curious, any thoughts on that.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. It's a good, good question, because it's a reference case, but you almost use it as a reference from which you adjust what's different about today and what's different about this particular set of circumstances. And the one thing that, as we've said and Donald highlighted is difficult and you're seeing it all around is sector-by-sector, you could see very different depths and duration. Some that might bounce right back and might actually bounce back stronger, some that are likely to see a little bit slower recovery and maybe don't recover back to where they were prior to this. And it's that blend of almost sector-by-sector and across our seven states or six-states as we go into 2021, the unique blend of those different sectors that we are analyzing very carefully and trying to get indicators, if you will, of what recovery looks like. And so we're early in trying to get to the next level of detail on that, but I think ultimately, when you start to look at that, it's a very different profile than what we experienced in '08, '09 and as you noted, our mix is different. We now have, without the Pipeline Group as you noted and with the different rate structure for our large industrials more protections in place, so to speak. We're better positioned or better hedged against some of the risks we faced here. So it's really - starts to become more of a duration question I think, ultimately and that's why as we step through Q2, I think we're going to get a much better sense of what we're seeing both in April as Donald noted, we'll see that pretty soon. And then by the end of Q2, even being shoulder months for our whole business for the most part, it's more of the economic recovery that will give you the leading indicators for Q3, Q4 and beyond when we'll be out of the shoulders. So looking forward to having more depth and detail on that, I want to be careful not to try to either be overly optimistic or overly pessimistic. I think we just have to step through this with eyes wide open.
Chris Sighinolfi: Sure. That's helpful. We'll pay attention to those data points as well. I guess, the final question from me, Joe, is just with regard to Massachusetts, I know you guys have given in your Qs the updates in terms of insurance recoveries and I know you've been somewhat cautious about anticipating any on the asset front. I'm just curious where that stands and what those discussions look like.
Donald Brown: Yes, we're still in the midst of having discussions with our property insurer. The litigation was filed last quarter but we're - continue to have conversations. It's still too early to give any guidance on what any type of recovery might be there or the - even the timing, but I'd say that we are in constructive conversations with them.
Chris Sighinolfi: Is there a normal like length of time that you'd anticipate, Donald, for that process to take or is it just everyone's unique in and the range is too wider to even speculate?
Donald Brown: Yes, it is. It's - every situation is very unique in terms of the information that you're providing as well as the negotiations.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Your line is open.
Charles Fishman: Joe, just one maybe point of clarification on the $100 million CapEx reduction for this year. It sounded like it was more of a decision to delay some projects timing because of rate cases, the appetite of customers or regulators to take incremental rate increase, things like that rather than a supply chain issue. Is my read of that correct?
Joseph Hamrock: It's really neither. It's more managing cash flow through this year and recognizing we're likely in a tight spot for a little while here and want to make sure we're prudent - taking prudent steps as we go. And as noted earlier, Donald talked about it, just by the nature of our capital portfolio, it's long dated and when we take a step like this, which by the way puts us on the same profile we've been on for the last couple of years, 17 to 18 is consistent with where we've been. This year, it was elevated a bit. So it's really just timing of key initiatives and probably blended across both tracked capital, growth capital and our maintenance capital. So likely to just have a very modest effect on the future.
Charles Fishman: And then another question related to CapEx. Slide 17, which shows a recovery of those investments. Every time I look at that slide, the upper two bars seem to go higher, which is good. In other words, your recovery keeps getting shorter and more within the 18 months, you're up to, on this chart now, 80% yet down at the bottom, it says, greater than 75%, should I expect those two upper bars to come down a little or are you just little, I mean the some - greater than 75% is obviously correct, but where should we - over time, we've seen those go up, but what should we expect in the future?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, it's a good insight and a good question and you may notice that we've moved 2020 into roughly $10 million, roughly $70 million, roughly $20 million, because it's the nature of the $100 million pullback and how that ultimately lands, that will move a little bit across those different categories, but your question about the long term. If you look backwards, we had some larger generation projects and larger electric transmission projects that were in the mix and that's why you'd see the more pronounced shift in the mix back a few years. As you go forward, the next couple of years, what you see here is likely to be what we'll continue to see until and unless we get to the generation investments that we've been talking about, the replacement portfolio. We'd see a couple of years there of an excursion on what we view as the periodic rate cases or the maintenance and other. We would likely see those show up in that category for a short period of time, but obviously, we'd have that combined with a regulatory strategy for those kind of investments.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Joe Hamrock for closing remarks.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Mariyama, and thanks to all of you for your continued interest in and support of NiSource. As is the case for all of us, around the communities we serve and all of our stakeholders, we're navigating through this COVID crisis carefully and thoughtfully and we'll continue to stay transparent and talk with you about any implications we see and share any outlook on our business. We appreciate the time today and look forward to the next opportunity. Please stay safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2019 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Randy Hulen, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead.
Randy Hulen: Thank you, [Detamora] (Ph), and good morning, everyone and welcome to the NiSource fourth quarter 2019 investor call. Joining me today are Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer; and Donald Brown, Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource's financial performance for the fourth quarter and full-year 2019 as well as provide an update on our operations, growth drivers and financing plans. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call to your questions. Slides for today's call are available on nisource.com. Before turning the floor over to Joe and Donald, just a quick reminder, some of the statements made during this presentation will be Forward-Looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some of the statements made on this recording relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and segment information, including our full financial schedules available at nisource.com. With all that out of the way, I would like to turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before I discuss our fourth quarter and full-year results, I would like to take a few minutes to speak to the announcements made yesterday that we have reached a plea agreement with the United States Attorney for the district of Massachusetts intended to resolve the criminal investigations and entered into a definitive agreement to sell our Columbia Gas of Massachusetts business to Eversource. In addition to agreeing to pursue the sale of the Columbia Gas of Massachusetts assets. We have also agreed to pay a $53 million criminal fine. Following a thorough evaluation by the board and management team we believe this sale to Eversource is in the best interests of all of our stakeholders, including shareholders. Through this process, it was paramount to us that we find a partner for Columbia Gas of Massachusetts who will create the right next chapter for not only Columbia Gas of Massachusetts business, but for the customers and communities. It serves as well as its dedicated employees. We believe Eversource is that right partner as new England's largest energy delivery company serving approximately four million electricity, natural gas and water customers in Connecticut, Massachusetts, and New Hampshire. They have tremendous familiarity with the region. In addition, they have a proven track record of investing in infrastructure, employees, and operations to enhance system reliability and safety. Correspondingly, our focus across NiSource is on enhancing safety service and system reliability through implementation of our safety management system, infrastructure modernization, and advanced workforce training programs. The transaction is supportive of those priorities for all of our stakeholders. Yesterday's announcement is just the first step for this transaction and we look forward to working closely with Eversource to ensure a smooth transitions. Throughout the approval and transition process we will remain focused on customer service and enhancements in all areas of operations.  Now turning to our results for the quarter and the year as we look back at 2019 it was a year in which our team's performance demonstrated the resiliency of the NiSource business plans. Our employees remained rubble, relentlessly focused on safety and customer satisfaction, starting with the accelerated implementation of our safety management system as well as advancing our electric generation strategy in Indiana and executing on nearly one point $9 billion in capital investments centered on infrastructure and safety in our gas and electric systems.  We also delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings per share of a $32 near the top of our guidance range for the year while maintaining our current investment grade credit ratings and executing on our regulatory plans.  Turning now to Slide 3, you can see some of our key accomplishments in 2019. Our SMS implementation and other systems safety enhancements were and remain our top priority. In 2019 we stood up an independent quality review board to oversee our progress and named a Chief Safety Officer reporting directly to me. In addition, we integrated the functions of safety, compliance, and risk and increased staffing and capabilities across our gas segments. We introduced a Corrective Action Program or CAP to identify, track and prioritize risks, and we installed more than 1000 automatic shutoff devices on low pressure gas systems across our footprint. As I mentioned earlier, we delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings per share of a $32 near the top of our 2019 guidance range. Due to the expectation of closing the Columbia Gas of Massachusetts transaction this year, we are withdrawing our 2020 net operating earnings per share guidance of a $36 to a $40 however, we continue to expect to make capital investments of $1.8 to $1.9 billion in 2020. We also expect the transaction will enable NiSource to eliminate its previously planned 2020 block equity issuance. The long-term growth opportunity for the remaining operating companies is unchanged. As a result, following the completion of the transactions the company expects to initiate 2021 net operating earnings per share guidance and establish a 5% to 7% long-term growth rates for both net operating earnings per share and dividends with 2021 as the base year. This new long-term guidance is expected to be extended beyond 2022 to include significant investments related to the Company’s electric generation strategy. Reflecting on 2019 NiSource achieved a number of key milestones. In our electric business we reached commercial agreements on multiple wind projects completed a second round of requests for proposals for replacement generation capacity for our retiring coal plant and completed our coal combustion residuals capital investments. We made approximately $1.9 billion of capital investments in our gas and electric utilities, primarily focused on safety improvements and infrastructure modernization.  We executed on our regulatory initiatives including approvals of our electric-base rate cases in Indiana and our gas base rate case in Maryland and Virginia. In the Merrimack Valley, we substantially completed the restoration following the September 2018 event, including the settlement of all the major customer claims, and finishing substantially all service line verifications. And we added about 28,000 net new gas customers across the Company’s driven by healthy new constructions and conversion markets.  Now, I would like to turn the call over to Donald who will discuss our financial performance in more detail. 
Donald Brown: Thanks, Joe. And good morning everyone. Looking at our 2019 results on Slide 4, we had a non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $495 million or $1.32 per share, compared to net operating earning about $463 million, or $1.30 per share in 2018. The biggest drivers of our 2019 non-GAAP financial performance compared to 2018 were higher net revenue due to the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investments, which were offset by increased safety related spending and higher financing costs due largely to the greater Lawrence incident.  Now turning the Slide 5, I would like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of December 31was about $9.6 billion of which about $7.7 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 17 years, and weighted average interest rate is approximately 4.4%.  At the end of the fourth quarter, we maintain net available liquidity of about $1.4 billion consisting of cash and available capacity under a credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization program. Our credit rating from all three major rating agencies are investment grade, and we are committed to maintaining our current investment grade rating.  I would now like to turn to Slide 6, which covers our financing plan for long-term growth investments. The agreement for purchase price of $1.1 billion in cash subject to adjustment based on Columbia Gas, Massachusetts net working capital as of the closing, the purchase price represents a loss compared to the book value of Columbia Gas in Massachusetts. As a result of the asset sale transaction, we no longer expect to pursue our previously plan 2020 block equity issue. Our current plan which is focused on providing funding for ongoing safety and infrastructure investment programs as approximately $500 million of long-term debt in 2020 and continues to include annual equity in the range of $200 million to $300 million from our aftermarket or ATM equity issuance programs as well as $35 million $60 million from our employee stock purchase and other programs.  As Joe mentioned. Due to the timing of this transaction, we are withdrawing our 2020 non-GAAP net operating earnings per share guidance of a $36 to a $40 however, we continue to expect to make capital investments at $1.8 billion to $9 billion in 2020. Following the completion of the transaction, we expect to initiate 2021 net operating earnings per share guidance and establish a 5% to 7% long-term growth rate for both net operating earnings per share and dividends with 2021 at the base year.  Speaker 0 01:37 Just new long-term growth rate is also expected to be extended beyond 2022 to include significant investments related to the Company’s electric generation strategies. As we worked through the impact of the sale like factoring in the elimination of the block equity dilution, the loss of CMA earnings, and the expected synergies we believe that at a minimum, the 2021 baseline is expected to be at or above our withdrawn 2020 guidance. Now, I will turn the call back to Joe for a few infrastructure investment and regulatory highlights. 
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you Donald. Now let's turn to some specific highlights for the fourth quarter and early first quarter of 2020 from our gas operations on Slide 7. In Maryland, our base rate case request was approved by the public service commission and new rates went into effect in December. The order supports continued replacement of aging pipelines and adoption of pipeline safety upgrades.  Columbia Gas of Kentucky received an order in December from the public service commission in its annual accelerated main replacement program rider adjustments case. The commission approved a modification to the AMRP to expand its scope to cover capital investments including safety enhancements to low pressure systems and other risk-based investments identified under our SMS programs. As part of the order, the program was renamed the safety modification and replacement program or S. M. R. P. We filed an application in December with the Indiana utility regulatory commission for a six year extension of our long-term gas infrastructure modernization programs.  The proposal includes nearly $950 million in capital investments through 2025 to be recovered through semi-annual adjustments to the existing transmission distribution and storage improvement charge or T disk tracker. The existing gas T-TESS program has been in place since 2014 and IURC order is expected in July, 2020.  Now let's turn to our electric operations on Slide 8. Our team is reviewing the results of our latest request for proposals to consider potential resources to meet the future electric needs of our customers. Consistent with NIPSCO's 2018 Integrated Resource plans, the RFP sought to identify replacement sources for our coal capacities, which will be 100% retired by 2028to be replaced by lower costs reliable and cleaner options. The plan is expected to drive a 90% reduction in our greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. And to save our electric customers more than $4 billion over the long-term. We considered all sources in the RFP process which closed in November, and we are currently in early discussions with a number of commercial bidders who responded to the RFP. Progress continues on the active wind project we proposed in 2019. On December 19, the Federal editor Energy Regulatory Commission approved our Section 203 and Section 205 applications for Rosewater, a 100 megawatt joint venture between NIPSCO and EDP Renewable. The IURC had previously approved the joint venture and ownership agreement for Rosewater, as well as a power purchase agreement applications for Jordan Creek. Construction is underway on both Rosewater and Jordan Creek which are expected to be in service by the end of this year. NIPSCO has notified the IURC of its intention to not move forward with a Roaming Bison project due to local zoning restrictions. Last week, the IURC approved our application for an additional wind project Indiana crossroads, another joint venture with EDP Renewables. Indiana Crossroads will have an aggregate nameplate capacity of 302 megawatts and is expected to be an operation in the fourth quarter of 2021.In December, we received an order from the IURC and our electric face rate case, with new rates effective in January 2020. The order approved a partial settlement agreement filed in April 2019that addresses the revenue requirements, federal tax reform and changes to our depreciation schedules related to the early retirements of coal fired generation as submitted in the IRP.  The order established a return on equity of 9.75%, reflecting a reduced business risk profile, and positions NIPSCO to successfully execute on his generation strategies, which benefits its customers. We continue to execute on our 7-year electric infrastructure modernization program, which includes enhancements to our electric transmission and distribution systems designed to further improve systems safety and reliability. The program originally approved by the IURC in 2016 includes approximately $1.2 billion of electric infrastructure investments expected to be made through 2022. Our latest tracker update request covering $131.1 million in incremental capital investments, made from December 2018 through June 2019 was approved by the IURC on December 18, 2019, with rates effective in January 2020. Turning now to Slide 9, I will focus on our system wide safety enhancements. Safety is and will remain the foundation of everything we do across our business. We are resolved to lead in safety and exceed industry standards, anchored by three pillars of culture where everyone is empowered to identify and report risk, process safety that adds layers of protections and enhanced asset risk and analytics. A safety management system or SMS is a comprehensive approach to managing safety, emphasizing continual assessment and improvements as well as proactively identifying and mitigating potential risks. We made great progress on our SMS implementation in 2019 and it remains our top priority in 2020. Nearly 90% of our gas segment employees were trained in SMS in 2019 and the remainder will be trained this year. Gas segment employees and contractors have embraced the cap tool which offers a simple way for employees and contractors to report safety concerns and supports our systematic process to review, prioritize, and track progress to reduce risk. In 2019 we worked closely with the national transportation safety board, which concluded its investigation into the greater Lawrence event. We finished implementing the board's urgent safety recommendations and NTSB deemed our responses as acceptable. In conjunction with its final report NTSB issued a recommendation around enhancing our emergency preparedness and response capabilities. We have implemented an incident command structure or ICS aligned with federal emergency management agency standards and provided ICS training to nearly all night source employees. Before we turn to the Q&A a portion of the call, I will share and reiterate a few key takeaways. As noted with the expected closing of the Columbia Gas of Massachusetts transaction this year, we are withdrawing our 2020 net operating earnings per share guidance of a $36 to $40. We continue to expect to make capital investments of $1.8 to $1.9 billion in 2020 and we remain committed to our current investment grade credit ratings. We expect the transaction will enable NiSource to eliminate its previously planned 2020 block equity issuance. Following the completion of the transaction, we expect to initiate 2021 net operating earnings per share guidance and establish a 5% to 7% long-term growth rates for both net operating earnings per share and dividend with 2021 as the base year. As Donald mentioned, we believe that at a minimum the 2021 baseline is expected to be at or above our withdrawn 2020 guidance. Our electric generation strategy is advancing with our base rate, case approved wind project construction underway and the second RFP completed to identify additional sources to replace our coal capacity. We have substantially completed our service line verification work in the Merrimack Valley and we are cooperating fully with the Massachusetts department of public utilities as it reviews the cause of September, 2018 Merrimack Valley event, and our emergency response.  Through the close of the transaction NiSource source will remain focused on customer service and enhancements in all areas of operations. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We are now ready to take your questions. Detamora.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first response is from Shar Pourreza a Guggenheim Partners. Go ahead. 
Shar Pourreza: Just a couple of questions here. Can we just talk directionally about the earnings impact from the sale of Columbia Gas and Massachusetts. So like you expecting any kind of dilution versus your prior 2020guide? Is there any opportunities to mitigate? Obviously, you have eliminated a very large equity slug in 2020.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks Shar. So we think there are opportunities to mitigate that. We are starting to work on that plan. But as I stated, when you look at a loss of the earnings, although Massachusetts CMA was not earning its allowed return on its rate base. But we do move that impacts of those earnings. We will have some dis-synergies and we will start working on a plan there to offset and mitigate some of those dis-synergies. But, as we stated and you have as well, we will not need to issue that equity which was help to minimize solution. We will go out to the rating agencies this spring, and show them our plan and talk about the financing plan going forward. And so I think we will need a few quarters or so to really to develop this plan, get closer to a transaction close. And understanding the timing of that, as well as just the transition. Looking at have closed by the end of the third quarter. But we also expect that there is going to be a transition of up to a couple years to transition the business over to Eversource. And so we need to take all of those items into account. Having said that, we are confident that at a minimum will be at or above this year's guidance, but certainly see the opportunity to do better. And it is in our interest to do better as you would expect.
Shar Pourreza: Right. And then how should we sort of think about sort of the ongoing equity beyond? Especially these were lingering CapEx around Indiana Generation et cetera. So like, do you see any scenarios mainly what I'm trying to get at is, if there is any scenarios where there could be future block equity beyond sort of the ATMs and internal programs maybe to fund, “significant investments” you kind of mentioned in your prepared remarks, or do you sort of think your ongoing internal programs at ATM is sufficient to fund what appears to be a pretty healthy CapEx program?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, I would say it is too early to say exactly what that financing program will be. That will be part of our discussions with the rating agency as well as the board this spring to talk about how to finance what the size of those investments are and how we finance that. Certainly the ATM program has been a very good program for us. But depending on the timing and size of those investments, the financing program will have to match up. And we expect that we will provide more details later in the year round that plan.
Shar Pourreza: Got it? Thanks, guys. I will jump back in the queue. Appreciate it.
Donald Brown: Thanks Shar.
Operator: And your next response is from Michael Weinstein of Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, good morning.
Joseph Hamrock: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein: So when you say that you have an estimate the loss on the sale. Is there any goodwill recovery factored into your expected retention of proceeds?
Joseph Hamrock: So we had goodwill on the book that we wrote off as of 12-31, as well as there was an intangible asset on our books related to the safe state gas purchase by NiSource back in 1999 or 1998. Both of those amounts are written off. It is about $415 million write off that we did take a 1231 this year.
Michael Weinstein: Got you and just to follow-up on shores question, is there any corporate overhead retained, I mean, I know you are talking about the synergies going forward. Is there any quantification you can put on the corporate overhead?
Joseph Hamrock: Not at this point. I think what we are trying to do is develop a plan to help mitigate those synergies. Obviously you can't eliminate them all because we have lost, we will lose scale in our business, but what we are attempting to do is build a plan that offsets and mitigates that.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. And can you just briefly review the additional, I guess investigations that are still pending seeing that you are still liable for any liabilities that are in connection with the incident.
Joseph Hamrock: That is right. So if you look at the, there is still ongoing investigations in Massachusetts with the DPU that we are working with the DPU. Our hope and goal is to help those investigations resolved by the close of the transaction with Eversource. Got you, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next response is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So let me come back to this if I can just in brief, when you think about the timing related issues on 2020 versus the full-year run rate on 2021, let's just focus on 2021 here. How do you think about the puts and takes here? Because without interjecting a specific earned, are we on the Massachusetts business directly? It would seem as if roughly excluding the synergies the equity would seem to offset the loss of earnings from the core business. That is my words. I just want to see how that reconciles with you. Just as we think about puts and takes off of the way this street and ourselves are already positioned on that.
Joseph Hamrock: Think about it. I don't know if there is exact offset, but it is pretty close.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. So when you say limited, so if I can put this back to you, so if it is pretty close and I get it, there is some slight dis-intermediate or something. When you talk about 2021 being similar to 2020, was that the say that it was similar originally and that you are only now disposing it for the first time. Do you get what I'm saying?
Joseph Hamrock: No, I'm sorry. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I apologize. Let me, let me try this again. So when you are talking about 2021 now, and you are saying that it will be a similar or above 2020, was that originally the case under the prior plan and or, is this transaction somehow actually resulting in a net negative to your 2021 estimates if it roughly nets out on 2021 to begin with?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. So if you take the premise that you stated around the loss of the CMA earnings offset by the dilution, and then so both offset and then we have got some disengages from the loss of scale. There is a potential net negative from this transaction. And then that is, as I said, is part of what we are working through to develop a plan, and it is really too early to give specific guidance around 2021. But otherwise we would have expected to me, our 5% to 7% earnings per share and dividends per share growth guidance off of 2020.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Or if I may one more time, 2020 into 2021 would have otherwise achieve the five to seven. And the only delta that were at least publicly aware about today is the slight dis-synergy on the sale the business assuming there is a broadly netting of one versus the other.
Joseph Hamrock: That is correct.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you for clarifying. I will leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next response is from Greg Gordon of Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon: Hey guys, good morning. 
Joseph Hamrock: Good morning, Greg. 
Greg Gordon: I'm going to be in dead horse here. So please humor me, I apologize in advance. You guys based on the very articulate guidance your team has given the street have been earning very low equity return in Massachusetts. If we assume that the equity return was practically speaking sort of 50% of the authorized, and that is the net income that you are shedding when you sell the asset then it does make complete sense that foregoing the equity issuance would offset that dilution. But that just doesn't fit with you saying that your earnings in 2021 could potentially be at the guidance range for 2020 because if you then grow a 5% to 7% off of that, it implies 2022 is anywhere from $0.07 to $0.10 below where it otherwise would have been based on prior guidance when this just based on basic algebra should be a nick or less resolute. So you are implying that that this synergy to be fairly meaningful. And you have to understand pulling the guidance gives investors quite a bit of logic around what they are missing that may be problematic in the underlying business away from just to puts and takes in this transaction. So if you can, could you please articulate a little more detail how you are coming up with that notional at 2020 levels and 2021.
Joseph Hamrock: Greg, what other detail to give without giving you exact numbers that at this point we don't have we are working through those details. But again, we look at where we committed to for 2020net guidance, our plan all along 5% to 7% off of that. As you stated in Julian and think others, we are under earning in Massachusetts we lose that. That was that full run rate earning allowed return about 8% to 10% of our business not earning Matt. That dilutions does all said most of the impact of losing those earnings, but there is certainly the impact of the synergies that we have got. That will remain with the business that for the for the mouth that we can't mitigate for offset through other ways. And so it is for me, that is the simple math in terms of the growth and the opportunity to grow going forward. Because otherwise our operating companies are strong. They are earning their allowed returns. we are continuing to make the investments and that is actually why we didn't change our capital investments guidance. We continued to invest, in our program about one point $9 billion in that will continue going forward and ultimately that is what drives our earnings growth.
Greg Gordon: Okay. So we don't have to worry about there being some significant change in your assumptions with regard to the financial or operating profile of the rest of the business. I just wanted to be a hundred percent clear on that. It really is about what are you losing the offsetting benefit of not issuing the equity and whatever we think you the underlying disc synergy will be and we don't have to worry about anything else if we are trying to figure this out. Is that fair? 
Joseph Hamrock: That is very fair. Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Your next response is from Steve Fleischman of Wolf Research. Go ahead.
Steve Fleischman: Yes. Hi. I just wanted to clarify prior questions, cause a few of the questions said that you stated similar 2021 versus 2020, but if I heard you correctly, I thought you said a minimum of at or above the prior 2020 guide for 2021. So is that just clarify? Is that what you said and then also, yes. Is that correct?
Donald Brown: Correct. At a minimum 2020 guidance.
Charles Fishman: At or above that. 
Donald Brown: At or above.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And would you say being added would be a very conservative assumption.
Donald Brown: Well I don't want to start providing sensitivity around that. I would say that we are comfortable at that range for 2021, which is why we have given it. But at the same time we think there is ability to be above that range and have growth off of that 2020 range.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then just in terms of looking forward, so you know this transaction will close and you will be kind of focused back to all the rest of the 93% of the company. And just is there any kind of, if we kind of focus on that 93%, is there any kind of community things to watch this year outside of just really the probably the big, the big event of where of is the RFP outcomes.  But is there any other kind of key things to watch in your space?
Joseph Hamrock: This is Joe. I think you hit the big more than the work we are doing with the generation replacement. The RFPs that are well underway, is the key item that will drive our longer term guidance, particularly beyond 2021. And we do expect to see more clarity on that quarter by quarter, probably as we step through this year. The other thing I would say is the important point, overarching and underpinning what Donald's been talking about is the resilience of the nicer, worse business plan. When you look at all the other States and the capital deployment there and the strong regulatory mechanisms we are in that sort of season of looking at the regulatory cycle rate cases, and that would be the space to watch as we go through the remainder of 2020 just the regulatory actions that we would expect to see a bill that will kind of set the stage for 2021 and beyond.
Operator: Thank you. Your next response is from Charles Fishman of Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Charles Fishman: If we could just move to CapEx for a minute, If I have the numbers, right, you have actually moved up the CapEx rays for 2020 $100 million. Is that correct I got that right.
Donald Brown: That is correct. That is correct. 
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then you pull 2021 and 2022 or at least you are going to wait a quarter. And then you will give us some guidance. But I would think, with the kind of long term programs you have with pipe replacements, and things, and the frameworks you have in place and actually probably Massachusetts was your weakest we should be confident that that $1.7 billion to $2 billion annual EBIT was the old guidance for 2021 and 2022. It is not going to be through different from that.
Joseph Hamrock: I agree. We work through our safety management program and start to look at investments across our system and how to prioritize those investments. We are confident that that overall CapEx guidance range is not going to change. Again, we will provide more clear guidance and direct guidance, probably around the third quarter of this year. But certainly we have resiliency and strength in our remaining states to continue this growth.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then one sort of related investment question. A year ago I think are after the first round of RFP in Indiana, the big surprise was the cheap solar. And yet obviously, you are moving forward to wind. Is solar storming arising here getting out five years. You still see him as a viable option in Indiana. 
Donald Brown: Yes, Charles definitely. We see if you look at the current RFP and the team just did a public meetings, a virtual meeting on that and shared some of the indicative bid ranges around that and you can see from that that solar is very much in the hunt for the future portfolio here. Solar and storage, both.
Charles Fishman: And then related to that. I don't have in front of me, but the pull closings that you accelerated. That is still on-track.
Donald Brown: Yes, that is still on-track. And we had from the IURC the final approval, if you want to call it that of the directors report in the IRP that supports the overall plans, as well as the rate case outcome that accelerated depreciation of the existing coal fleets consistent with the early retirement. So we have seen all of the right regulatory support for the plan that we have put forward.
Charles Fishman: Got it. That is all I have. Thank you.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Charles.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your next response is from Andrew Levi of ExodusPoint. Please go ahead.
Andrew Levi: Hey, guys. How are you.
Joseph Hamrock: Hey good morning Andy, good.
Donald Brown: Hey Andy.
Andrew Levi: Obviously most of the questions have been asked and answered well. Just on the categories of things that you can mitigate, to help 2021 and beyond. Can you just give us like a very high level what categories are talking about?
Joseph Hamrock: As you think about it Andy, it is really our shared costs across our corporate services and customer services that we need to develop a plan to help offset those dis-synergy as that we have got. Operating across seven states both from the gas side, we have got some shared gas services as well as just our typical accounting finance IT corporate services, that we allocate the costs across to our seven operating companies.
Andrew Levi: So I guess it is more O&M related and I guess reallocating a portion of that to the other operating companies and getting it to flow through your trackers, I guess for the better way to put it. And then at the same time try to cut costs.
Joseph Hamrock: I think that is all of the above, both from a recovery from other States as well as continuing to find opportunities to be lower cost and more efficient.
Andrew Levi: And at the same time I guess be able to allocate, the CapEx that you had at base days was based eight years ago with a total I up into your other businesses, which you kind of have really begun to do it anyway. It is currently released today.
Joseph Hamrock: That is right. Yes. We will be looking at that as well at the opportunity to do that and have that capital go into those other States into their tracker programs.
Andrew Levi: Got it. Okay I understand it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. I’m showing, no further questions at this time. I would like you him the conference back over to Joe Hamrock, our CEO.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you Detamora, and thank you all for joining us. In closing, I would like to reiterate that our deep focus on providing value for our customers and our shareholders through comprehensive investments and programs that drive safety and risk mitigation remains at the center of our focus. And we appreciate your support and ongoing interest in NiSource and we look forward to engaging with you in the weeks and months ahead. Have a safe day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the NiSource Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Randy Hulen, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead, Sir.
Randy Hulen: Thanks, Skyler, and good morning, everyone and welcome to the NiSource third quarter 2019 investor call. Joining me today are Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer; and Donald Brown, Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource's financial performance for the third quarter of 2019 as well as provide an update on our operations, growth drivers and financing plans. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call to your questions. Slides for today's call are available on nisource.com. Before turning the floor over to Joe and Donald, just a quick reminder, some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some of the statements made on this recording relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and segment information, including our full financial schedules available at nisource.com. With all that out of the way, I'd like to turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Hamrock: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our NiSource teams continue their relentless focus on our core commitments of safety and customer satisfaction and our long-term utility modernization programs that enhance safety and reliability while driving our financial results. We've also made significant progress on our electric generation strategy in Indiana with the approval of the Rosewater wind project and the filing of a second joint venture wind project Indiana Crossroads. Our execution through the third quarter has positioned NiSource to meet our financial commitments for 2019 and today we're initiating guidance for 2020. There's much to cover, so let's turn to Slide 3 which summarizes our key accomplishments through the third quarter and early fourth quarter. Consistent with our long-term growth commitments, we expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings per share in the range of $1.36 to $1.40 and to make capital investments of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in 2020. As we've stated before, we expect to grow our non-GAAP earnings per share and dividend by 5% to 7% annually and to make capital investments of $1.7 billion to $2 billion each year through 2022. Our third quarter 2019 non-GAAP net operating earnings were $0.00 per share versus $0.10 in 2018. Donald will address the drivers for the quarter in a few minutes but I will emphasize that NiSource remains well positioned to deliver net operating earnings per share within our $1.27 to $1.33 guidance range for 2019. We expect to complete $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in capital investments in 2019, slightly above our initial forecast for the year. We're making solid progress on our foundational commitment to safety including accelerated implementation of a Safety Management System or SMS. Our SMS is aligned with the framework, developed for pipeline operators by the American Petroleum Institute. SMS is a comprehensive approach to managing safety, emphasizing continual assessment and improvement in identifying and mitigating potential operational risks proactively. As part of our SMS work, enhanced risk management processes have been introduced at each of our Gas Distribution companies. Our SMS team has completed its first set of risk asset analysis which will help inform our maintenance priorities and investment decisions. The team has also introduced a Corrective Action Program or CAP, which offers a simple way for our employees and contractors to report safety concerns and provides a systematic process to review, prioritize, address and track progress to reduce risk. This program is available across our gas business in support and corporate functions. In addition to SMS implementation, safety enhancements to our low-pressure Gas Distribution systems remain a priority. Teams have installed more than 1000 automatic shutoff devices across the NiSource footprint this year, including completing all installation of these devices in Massachusetts and Virginia. These automatic shutoff devices operate like circuit breakers to provide an additional level of control and protection. When the device senses an operating pressure that is too high or too low, it is designed to immediately shut down natural gas to the system, regardless of the cause. Our teams have also located and mapped all of our nearly 2,100 low-pressure regulator station control or sensing lines. We use this information to add new details into our electronic mapping systems. Earlier this month, we named Chuck Shafer to the newly created position of Chief Safety Officer. Reporting directly to me, Chuck is accountable for driving our long-term multiyear outlook and roadmap to reduce risk, providing an independent view and source of safety expertise and risk analysis across all NiSource companies. He is leading a centralized safety function to provide structured oversight and expertise in assuring rigorous emphasis on safety. Our electric generation strategy continues to advance in Indiana. We've issued our second request for proposals for replacement capacity. The RFP is consistent with our 2018 integrated resource plan, which calls for the retirement of nearly 80% of our remaining coal-fired generation by 2023 and all coal generation to be retired by 2028 to be replaced by lower-cost cleaner options. The Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission has approved the joint venture agreement for our Rosewater wind project and we recently filed a CPCN application for a second joint venture wind project, Indiana Crossroads. The hearing in our electric base rate case concluded in August and we expect an IURC order in the fourth quarter with new rates effective in January 2020. Turning now to Massachusetts. The National Transportation Safety Board or NTSB, last week issued a final report in its investigation of our September 2018 event in the Merrimack Valley. Last month, the NTSB also closed two open urgent safety recommendations issued last year. The NTSB had made four such recommendations to NiSource in November 2018 and has now deemed our responses to these urgent recommendations as acceptable. With the NTSB investigation now complete, the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities announced its own investigations of the incident in our emergency preparedness and response. In mid-August, we completed our restoration efforts in the Merrimack Valley. This restoration included the replacement of all customer equipment impacted by the event and fulfilled our commitment to have that work completed by September 15. We also repaired outdoor areas affected by our fall 2018 construction work, including residential lawns, irrigation systems, walkways, driveways and state roads throughout the impacted communities. A dedicated team remains in place, providing support to impacted customers, assisting with claims processing and providing repair support on appliances and heating equipment. As announced in September, we launched a verification process which involves inspections of gas service lines abandoned as part of the fall 2018 recovery work in Greater Lawrence. These verifications as required by the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities are confirming that the service lines were abandoned, consistent with legal requirements and in compliance with our procedures and protocols. As we find any service line abandonments that didn't meet those requirements, we are correcting the situation immediately. We completed the initial set of 700 verifications by the required deadline of October 18. The second set of approximately 2,200 verifications is well underway and expected to be complete by November 15. And as announced late yesterday, we are planning to verify the remaining approximately 2,000 service lines by year-end. These verifications are being done on abandoned service lines which are not connected to an active gas system and therefore will not disrupt gas service to our customers. We know that recent events in the Merrimack Valley have led many to lose trust in Columbia Gas of Massachusetts and the customers in the affected communities are worried about whether they're safe in their own homes. We take responsibility for that loss in security. And as part of our comprehensive efforts to rebuild confidence and trust, we brought in an experienced safety leader who knows Massachusetts. Earlier this month, we named Nick Stavropoulos as Chief Safety Advisor at Columbia Gas of Massachusetts, reporting directly to me. Nick has led several of the country's largest gas companies, including PG&E, National Grid and KeySpan and has the judgment experience and relentless safety focus to help us through these challenging times. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Donald, who will discuss our financial performance in more detail. Donald?
Donald Brown: Thanks, Joe, and good morning everyone. Looking at our third quarter results from slide 4, we had a non-GAAP net operating loss of about $2 million or $0.00 per share compared to net operating earnings of about $35 million or $0.10 per share for the same period in 2018. The biggest drivers of our third quarter non-GAAP financial performance compared to a year ago were higher net revenues, due to the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investment, which were offset by increased safety-related spending and higher financing costs. Our 2019 year-to-date net operating earnings are in line with our plans, which puts us on track to achieving our 2019 guidance of $1.27 to $1.33 per share. Before turning to our liquidity and financing plan, I'd like to address Greater Lawrence incident expenses. Our total estimate, which is detailed on slide 9 has remained unchanged from our Q2 earnings release. Going forward with the restoration work complete and the service line verification work nearing completion, we continue to not expect any significant future adjustments to the estimate. However, as a reminder this estimate excludes any amounts we may incur for potential fines and penalties. Also as we previously stated, we expect to recover a substantial portion of our Greater Lawrence incident costs through the $800 million of casualty insurance coverage and $300 million of property insurance in place at the time of the event. We started submitting claims in December 2018 and have collected casualty insurance recoveries of $670 million through September 30th and expect to collect the remaining $130 million for early next year. We also have filed proof of loss with our property insurer for the full cost of the $255 million to $260 million capital investment that we made in replacing the 45 miles of pipe following the event. As the insurance recovery process moves forward, we'll continue to provide quarterly updates on our progress. Now turning to slide 5. I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Following the August issuance of $750 million of 10-year notes at 2.95% interest, our total debt level as of September 30th was about $9.5 billion, of which about $7.7 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity of our long-term debt was approximately 17 years and weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.4%. At the end of the third quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $1.4 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization program. Our credit ratings from all three major rating agencies are investment grade and we're committed to maintaining our current investment grade ratings. I'd now like to turn to slide 6, which covers our financing plan for our long-term growth investments. Our current plan is approximately $500 million of long-term debt in 2020 and continue to include annual equity in the range of $200 million to $300 million from our at-the-market or ATM equity issuance program, as well as $35 million to $60 million from our Employee Stock Purchase and other programs. Our ATM continues to be consistent with our approach to provide balanced predictable financing for our ongoing infrastructure investments. The primary change to our financing plan is that we now expect a block equity issuance in the range of $500 million to $700 million in 2020. This change is driven by the need to permanently finance the Greater Lawrence event, which excluding the capital investment is estimated to cost approximately $1.4 billion. This total cost estimate is offset by casualty insurance recoveries that are expected to total $800 million and that leaves approximately $600 million to be financed. We evaluated several different approaches to this incremental financing needs and determined that the best option to maintain our credit profile and to achieve our 5% to 7% annual non-GAAP EPS growth commitment is to pursue a common equity issuance in 2020. In our analysis, we believe common equity is less costly than hybrid security alternatives therefore we are no longer planning to issue any hybrid securities such as preferred equity in 2019 or 2020. As Joe mentioned earlier in the call we expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings per share in the range of $1.36 to $1.40 in 2020, which includes the impact of this updated financing plan. This is consistent with our long-term forecast to grow our net operating earnings per share and dividends by 5% to 7% annually through 2022 and we expect to make $1.7 billion to $2 billion at annual capital investments each year from 2020 through 2022. Now I'll turn the call back to Joe for a few infrastructure investment and regulatory highlights.
Joe Hamrock: Thank you, Donald. Now let's turn to some specific highlights for the third quarter and early fourth quarter of 2019 from our gas operations on slide 7. In Maryland our base rate case request remains pending before the Maryland Public Service Commission. Filed in May, the request supports continued replacement of aging pipelines and adoption of pipeline safety upgrades. If approved as filed the request would increase annual revenues by approximately $3.7 million including $1.2 million of current infrastructure tracker revenue. A commission order is expected by the end of 2019 with rates in effect in January 2020. In Ohio, the Public Utilities Commission in August approved its first annual adjustment to our Capital Expenditure Program rider. The CEP rider, which was first approved by the PUCO in 2018, allows us to recover capital investments and related deferred expenses that are not recovered through our infrastructure modernization tracker. The approved adjustment allows us to begin recovery of approximately $122 million in capital invested in 2018. New rates became effective in September. In Indiana, our latest tracker update request in our long-term gas infrastructure modernization program remains pending. The request covers $12.4 million in incremental capital investments made between July 2018 and April 2019. An Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission order is expected in the fourth quarter of 2019 with rates effective November 2019. I would also note that we filed a notice to terminate our current program in anticipation of filing a new plan application by year end. Also in Indiana, the IURC last month approved our PHMSA compliance plan, covering approximately $230 million of capital expected to be invested between 2019 and 2023. In Kentucky, we filed our annual rider update application in our accelerated main replacement program, covering approximately $40 million in planned capital investment. Included in that filing is a request to recover capital that will be spent on our low-pressure systems safety enhancement work. Now let's turn to our Electric Operations on slide 8. In August, the IURC approved the joint venture and ownership agreement for Rosewater, one of three wind projects that NIPSCO announced in February 2019. The IURC in June approved Power Purchase Agreement applications for the other two projects Jordan Creek and Roaming Bison. And earlier this month, NIPSCO filed an application with the IURC for a fourth wind project, Indiana Crossroads, a joint venture with EDP Renewables North America LLC, which will have an aggregate nameplate capacity of 302 megawatts. It is expected to be in operation in the fourth quarter of 2021. As I mentioned earlier, NIPSCO on October 1 announced the opening of its second request for proposals to consider potential resources to meet the future electric needs of its customers. Consistent with the 2018 Integrated Resource Plan, we will consider all sources in the RFP process, which closes November 20. Our goal is to transition to the most economical, cleanest electric supply mix available while maintaining reliability, diversity and flexibility for technology and market changes. The hearing concluded in August in our electric base rate case, which remains pending before the IURC. Prior to the hearing, we filed two partial settlement agreements in the case. The April settlement addresses our revenue requirement, federal tax reform and depreciation schedules related to the early retirement of our coal-fired generation plant called for in our 2018 IRP. If approved as filed, the partial settlement is earnings neutral and allows for a return on equity of 9.9%. In May, we reached a settlement with the industrial group, which resolves many issues related to implementing a new service structure for industrial customers. An IURC order is anticipated in the fourth quarter of 2019 with new rates effective in January 2020. We continue to execute on our seven-year electric infrastructure modernization program, which includes enhancements to our electric transmission and distribution system designed to further improve system safety and reliability. The IURC approved TDSIC program represents approximately $1.2 billion of electric infrastructure investment expected to be made through 2022. Our latest tracker update request covering $131.1 million in incremental capital investments made from December 2018 through June 2019 remains pending before the IURC. An order is expected in the fourth quarter 2019 with rates effective in January 2020. Before revisiting our key takeaways for the quarter, I'd like to highlight a couple of milestones. In September, NiSource was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index for the sixth consecutive year. We were one of three U.S. multi-utility companies on the list, and it reflects advancements we continue to make on our sustainability strategy, which includes aggressive greenhouse gas reductions and executing against more than $30 billion of long-term infrastructure investments. Customers and investors alike expect our companies to deliver energy safely, reliably and in an environmentally responsible and sustainable way. We continue to focus on delivering on all of these dimensions. And if you haven't seen it, I encourage you to read our 2018 climate report, which we published on nisource.com in August. The report incorporates recommendations from the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures or TCFD to disclose governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics around climate-related risks and opportunities. We've taken an industry-leading approach to addressing climate change by developing plans that result in a project in 90% reduction of our greenhouse gas emissions by 2030, including a projected 50% reduction in methane emissions from natural gas distribution mains and service lines by 2025. Before we turn to the Q&A portion of the call, I'll share and reiterate a few key takeaways. Consistent with our long-term growth commitment in 2020 we expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings per share in the range of $1.36 to $1.40 and to make capital investments of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion. NiSource remains well positioned to deliver net operating earnings per share within our $1.27 to $1.33 guidance range for 2019. We expect to complete $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in capital investments in 2019, slightly above our initial forecast for the year. Our long-term investment-driven growth plan is intact and resilient. Inclusive of the adjustments made to our financing plans, we continue to expect to grow both net operating earnings per share and our dividend by 5% to 7% annually through 2022. And we expect to maintain our current investment-grade credit ratings. Safety remains the foundation for all that we do and we're advancing that commitment with our accelerated SMS implementation across our seven-state footprint. Through SMS, we're increasing our rigor to identify risks and taking action to keep our employees, contractors, customers and communities safe. And we continue to execute on safety enhancements to our low-pressure system. Our electric generation strategy is advancing with three wind projects approved and the fourth one proposed and the second RFP issued to identify additional sources to replace our coal capacity. Our electric base rate case is on track with partial settlements in place and the hearing on contested issues complete and an IURC order expected this quarter. Significant milestones have been achieved in our recovery from the Merrimack Valley event with the NTSB issuing its final report, and the second phase of the restoration completed. We continue to work to rebuild confidence and trust in the community. We're working diligently to assure the quality of last fall's construction work and we brought in an experience gas safety leader, who knows Massachusetts. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We're now ready to take your questions. Skyler?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning to you.
Joe Hamrock: Good morning, Julien.
Donald Brown: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, howdy. So perhaps just to kick things off. Just on the capital front. I know you guys have been talking a good bit about gas safety over the year prospectively continue to talk about it. We'd be curious how you think about this CapEx of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion relative to that kind of longer-term trend through 2022. How do you think the cadence is? How do you think even that guidance through the 2022 period meshes with the potential further spend or effort on gas safety holistically?
Donald Brown: Thanks, Julien and good morning. We look at that our long-term guidance on capital both the $1.7 billion to $2 billion that we've got there. There's a lot of focus on the gas side. We certainly haven't seen significant changes on the investments, because of the SMS approach. We're still early in that process. And I think it won't necessarily change that guidance level, but will change the components of the investments we make in each state there. When you look at the increase to $2 billion over the next couple of years we've got a couple of significant projects. One in Ohio that's really a looping project in Central Ohio where we've had some significant growth which runs through a tracker program. So that's the real increase that you'll see over the next couple of years in our guidance.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And then perhaps, if I can ask you with respect to the incremental equity financing in 2020, how do you think about perhaps some of the puts and takes against reaffirming the longer-term 5% to 7% EPS CAGR? I understand there's a range for reason. I understand that this is a discrete item against the longer-term outlook. But I would be curious, if you perceive other items here whether in 2020 or onwards that might otherwise mitigate the dilutive impact of the incremental equity here.
- Donald Brown: Yes. When we look at the long-term, certainly the plan for next year, but also as we build out the long-term plan that our infrastructure investments and as you see on one of the charts in there there's a significant portion of our investments that are going into trackers. And so we're getting pretty quick returns back on those investments and that really does support the $500 million to $700 million of equity that we've outlined for next year. So we're confident in our ability to meet those commitments and think that we've got certainly levers on the infrastructure program, but our overall operating plan with continued investment in safety and the gas business.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. I’ll leave it there. Thank you, guys.
Donald Brown: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is now open. 
Shar Pourreza: Hey, good morning, guys.
Joe Hamrock: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. Can you just real quick -- sticking with Massachusetts, can you just touch on sort of the second gas leak we saw with the restoration project? Is there, sort of, any status or updates? I think the formal investigations have started? And is -- the moratorium that's on non-emergency work do you see any long-term impact in that?
Joe Hamrock: Yes, thanks Shar. That's an important topic to update on. So as we have noted that gas leak did not result in any damage to property or any significant consequences, but it has indeed struck some erosion of confidence and trust and concerns in the community and across the state. So the moratorium as it relates to that is we agree with and we are aligned with the DPU a part of our comprehensive efforts to restore confidence and restore trust. That leak as you know relating to work that was done last year on the rebuild. So we've taken a hard look at the rebuild itself and we are continuing to verify the service lines that were abandoned throughout that not in any way related to the leak in September. But our efforts there are comprehensive and focused on restoring trust and confidence. The moratorium itself does two things. It helps to marshal resources for the service line investigations, but also gives us an opportunity to work with the DPU to build assurance of safe operations across the state. We're confident and optimistic that as we work through the remaining phases of the service line abandonment verification and begin to work with the DPU on the audit that we expect to be implemented that we will be on a path to rebuild that trust and confidence and that the moratorium would ultimately be lifted. We don't have a date for that right now, but that's certainly our goal. In terms of long-term impact, we are factoring in some impacts into our 2020 guidance, but on a fairly moderate basis. We expect the suspension of our modernization work the GSEP work to have an impact in 2020. That's inside the guidance. It's a relatively modest impact on CMA and offset to a degree with capital allocation in other states. So it's something we're navigating through and adjusting to as we go through these steps with the DPU. Yes that's exactly it.
Shar Pourreza: And then just around the rate case. Can we just get a sense on timing? Are you still assuming first quarter? It doesn't seem like, sort of, this moratorium or -- is going to impact the timing. So I guess are you still expecting to file a GRC in the first quarter?
Joe Hamrock: No. We haven't set a date for filing. I think what we've said consistently is we'd look at that early next year we'd start to take a look at that. We have a number of steps we need to work through including the investigations with the DPU. They announced as we noted on the call earlier two investigations. One into the incident last year and the other into the response to the incident. And so working through those will be an important part of the overall process with the DPU as we contemplate future rate case activity.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just lastly on a follow-up on the SMS question from the prior caller. You guys are -- it's preliminary. You're very early in the process. Do you have a sense maybe on the cost of O&M and how that profile can shape as we look to model that on a go-forward basis as you get further into the SMS program?
Donald Brown: Yes. I mean, we've certainly seen some higher cost this year and part of that is really the startup as we look at our process and procedures and roll that out across seven states. I'd say going forward we'll see -- it's a lower increases in the gas segment. We're certainly -- expect that the gas segment will grow 1% to 2% over the next year or so. But the real change comes in our process and procedures and the rigor that we apply to those practices versus increased costs that would drive our overall O&M for the gas segment.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay. I will pass this. Thanks guys.
Donald Brown: Thanks, Shar.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. In regards to the equity issuance, any thoughts or comment you could give on potential timing of that as we head into 2020? Are you potentially thinking about maybe doing a forward in the fourth quarter this year for 2020? And then related to that what weighted average share count should we assume when you're providing the 2020 EPS guidance?
Donald Brown: So, we've got some flexibility on the timing of that equity. We need it by the end of next year to make sure that we hit our rating agency credit targets. So, we haven't determined or decided the timing or how we'll do that including looking at forwards. But we are -- as you would expect those are all the things that we're looking at and trying to determine what makes the most sense. But we've got some flexibility and certainly don't need it until the end of next year to meet our targets. Randy you have the--?
Randy Hulen: Yes, I think as far as the weighted average share count for this year, it's largely going to be about where the share count is today because we've done most of the activities under a forward that that closes in December of this year that won't really add to the share count on a weighted average basis.
Insoo Kim: So, just to clarify that the $500 million to $700 million that you're assuming at some point in 2020 that's not necessarily embedded in the share count when you're giving the $1.36 to $1.40?
Donald Brown: It will be embedded for next year's guidance, absolutely.
Insoo Kim: Okay. So, that's part of that. And I guess if I'm assuming the midpoint then if I'm spreading that across the year that would probably be relatively a safe assumption of how you're getting to the midpoint?
Donald Brown: You can certainly take that approach.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Just away from that in Indiana with the 300 megawatt Indiana Crossroads wind farm. I assume that was part of the last round of RFPs and kind of separate from the October filing that you guys just made where you're filing for a lot more solar wind and/or storage. Was that the JV in the partial ownership of Indiana Crossroads part of your growth base growth plan into 2021? And then when it comes to the current round of RFPs, does that satisfy the -- would that satisfy the capacity that -- and the energy necessary for the 2023 timeframe for the coal reductions?
Joe Hamrock: Let me take the last piece first. It's part of the overall solution for the 2023 capacity replacement. The Crossroads filing that we just made mirrors the model that we pioneered earlier with the Rosewater project. The Rosewater was 100 megawatts, Indiana Crossroads is 300 megawatts. As you know Rosewater approved by the IURC, pending at FERC, and we do have private letter ruling support from the IRS. So, we think we have got a good model in place to follow with the Crossroads project and it is consistent to your first question with the RFP from last year. It follows from that it's not related to the new RFP. Most of this is beyond the current CapEx guidance. So, most of what we're talking about with these projects falls beyond 2022. So, our new RFP that's out now we would expect to have into our forecast and planning early next year which should put us in a position sometime next year to extend the guidance beyond 2022. And at that time, we'll be in a much better position to lay out how these projects and any that come out of the current RFP set up for CapEx beyond 2022 and our overall gross guidance beyond 2022.
Insoo Kim: Understood. Thank you very much.
Joe Hamrock: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Fleishman: Yes, hi. Thank you. Just wanted to clarify -- hey guys -- the additional equity in the 2020 guidance that -- you're not just assuming it goes in at the end of the year 2020, that's it's kind of average through the year or something like that?
Donald Brown: Let me clarify. We have not determined the timing of that equity. But what I would say is we don't need it until the end of the year. So, it certainly gives us some flexibility to do it during the year or at the end of the year.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And in the guidance range -- maybe to ask a different way, in the guidance range for 2020, it's not going to really move it much if you do it earlier than right at year end? Is that fair?
Donald Brown: That's fair.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just in terms of the decision. Because back a few months ago you've been reviewing things like preferreds and hybrids and could you maybe just give a little more clarity on why you decided to do -- this is all equity just to be overly conservative or how did you come to that conclusion?
Donald Brown: Just looking at our current stock price, our expectations of what that cost of equity is and issuance costs versus what we're seeing for preferred -- both the preferred equity and the subordinated debt. And since you don't get the 100% credit from the agencies for those subordinated notes the overall cost to us appears to been lower to issue the equity.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then on the property insurance decision, is there any way to gauge when you might get a decision from the insurers on that?
Donald Brown : It's still early. So we filed in July with the property insurer. The NTSB report came out in late September. And so we really just started at the process with the insurer that now they have access to the pipe and the report that they can do their due diligence on the claim. And so at this point we don't have any recovery in our plan, but certainly going to go through the process to seek to recover all that we filed for.
Steve Fleishman: Do you have recovery though in Massachusetts in your plan?
Donald Brown: Recovery? What do you mean? In terms of….
Steve Fleishman: Like all the way some kind of a rate recovery for that, if not property recover rate recovery? Or are you just assuming no recovery?
Donald Brown: So from an insurance standpoint, we would wait for the insurance process to fully finish before requesting any type of recovery on the investments we made last year and early this year in Merrimack Valley. So that timing will matter there on how we seek to recover that through customers.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Donald Brown: Thanks, Steve.
Joe Hamrock: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Turnure with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Christopher Turnure: Good morning Joe and Don. Most of my questions have been answered, but I wanted to just go back to 2020 drivers. I think you mentioned that O&M would only go up by 1% or 2% in the gas segment. But are there any other kind of major drivers there besides what you've already talked about with potential Massachusetts rate release, interest expense reduction or cost cuts elsewhere? Can you guys hear me?
Donald Brown: I'm sorry. I was muted. So, yes, I do expect that the gas segment will be up slightly year-over-year from an O&M standpoint. But between the corporate segment and the electric segment that will offset an overall O&M should be about flat.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. And then any other kind of major rate relief or other drivers that we might be missing there?
Donald Brown: Well, we're going through that planning now to determine which rate cases if any we would file for next year. As you expect, we're typically in a couple every year across our seven states, but we haven't publicly announced if and when we would file the next rate cases.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. That's all I had. Thanks guys.
Donald Brown: Yeah.
Joe Hamrock: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys.
Donald Brown: Good morning, Michael.
Joe Hamrock: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Weinstein: Hey, good morning. On the 5% to 7% growth rate going forward at this point with the extra equity that's out there, are we -- are you expecting to -- that that's going to be the permanent trajectory of $1.30 from 2019 based on that going forward? In other words, there won't be any catch up to the original pre-Lawrence guidance going forward as a result of the additional equity. Would that be fair to say?
Donald Brown: Yeah. I'd really say it's 5% to 7% of off this year's 2019 guidance.
Michael Weinstein: Right, right. So it doesn't -- there's no acceleration coming out of -- from pension asset recovery or faster than expected insurance recoveries or any of that going forward?
Donald Brown: No, not that we're guiding to at this point.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, great. All right. That's all I have. Thank you.
Donald Brown: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Greg Gordon: You know what guys, you guys have answered all my questions. Thank you. Have a good day.
Donald Brown: Thank you. See you soon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Levi with ExodusPoint. Your line is now open.
Andrew Levi : Hey, guys. How are you?
Donald Brown: Good morning, Andy.
Joe Hamrock: Good morning.
Andrew Levi : Hey, just a few questions. Just on Mass. What percent of your total earnings come from Mass?
Donald Brown: It's about 8% to 9%.
Andrew Levi: 8% to 9%, okay. And your CapEx is about $100 million to -- $80 million to $140 million out of your $1.7 billion CapEx budget?
Donald Brown: It's in that range.
Andrew Levi: Okay. So it's really a small piece of your total business and obviously you've taken quite a ding there as far you're -- what you had to put out. But as you stated that seems to be kind of done now. So it seems there's a -- do you guys feel there's an overemphasis on the financial impact going forward not what it was on this part of your -- this segment of your total business, which I guess the rest is 75% tracked? Your earnings are fairly predictable.
Donald Brown: No, I think it is a very good point financially Andy. It is a smaller portion of our business from an earnings standpoint and so it does have less of an impact going forward. But I also understand the concerns and questions that investors and other stakeholders have on that business and how that impacts overall NiSource. But yes it is a smaller portion of our earnings and our capital going forward and that does allow us because we're in six other states to have some flexibility to meet our earnings and growth commitment.
Andrew Levi: And as far as the timing of the equity issuance which is again not that big of an issuance, is that going to happen this year? Or will it not be issued until next year?
Donald Brown: No, we will not do it this year. Certainly with the insurance recoveries coming in faster than expected, we're confident that we'll meet our credit targets for 2019 and so it's definitely a 2020 issuance.
Andrew Levi: Okay. That's helpful. And then the last thing is for Joe. If you kind of look at where the stock is trading whether it's on 2020 guidance or 2021 or 2022 consensus earnings or whether they are a $0.01 higher or lower whatever. They're fairly ballpark I think. The stock trades from anywhere between an 8% to 50% discount to the regulated electric group. Could you kind of just address that and what your thoughts are that they're relative to where you've traded in the past and how as the CEO you plan to fix that?
Joe Hamrock: Yes, thanks, Andy. I think that some of that goes to your earlier question. The core value of the business is intact resilient. We laid out a lot of the investment and regulatory profile even on this call for this year and looking ahead to next year with our guidance. So if you kind of follow the long trajectory here and add to that the work we're doing with our risk analytics and SMS, we see the same if not an enhanced pipeline of the infrastructure investment activities through the foreseeable future then supplement that with the work we're doing to position generation investments in our generation portfolio repositioning work. I'd say we're in a strong, if not a stronger position than we were a year ago set aside Massachusetts and the impact of the Greater Lawrence incident, which as we've talked about today much of the cost of that is now well defined and well accounted for in our plan. So I think it really becomes that core execution strategy and that core execution story that we've always had with a much enhanced level of rigor and risk analytics driving that as we go forward.
Andrew Levi: Okay. Thank you for that. And then just a clarification on the equity timing. So even if -- you're not going to even do a forward this year right? It won't be issued until sometime next year. Is that correct? Or you're just saying as far as when you will actually reflect it?
Joe Hamrock: Exactly. I think we've got some flexibility to do a forward this year. We haven't determined if we will or not, but certainly have flexibility to push equity needs to the end of next year if that's what makes the most sense.
Andrew Levi: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Joe Hamrock: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Charles Fishman with Morningstar Research. Your line is now open.
Charles Fishman: Thank you. Donald, can I impose on you to repeat a comment you made? I don't think I understood it. You were talking about the sizing of the block equity issuance next year $500 million or $700 million. And I thought you said, I suspect I got this wrong the logic of it was directed towards Merrimack Valley, $1.4 billion of cost. You're assuming $800 million of recovery of insurance, which left $600 million. That's what was driving the sizing of the block equity issuance did I get that right?
Donald Brown: That's exactly right. Yes, we need to finance that difference long-term and to meet our credit rating targets we need to issue equity for that difference.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And obviously, there's a lot of other costs associated with SMS and other things you're doing outside of Massachusetts that was maybe in part driven by the events in Merrimack Valley, correct?
Donald Brown: I'd say it was accelerated. That's the mass work where we really started about nine months before Merrimack Valley event in September. But we certainly accelerated that activity post the event to make sure that we started to implement those processes and procedures across all seven states.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then the $100 million increase in CapEx this year, was that SMS just general gas, general -- electric work or all of the above?
Donald Brown: I'd say it's not SMS. I'd say the big change that we had in this past year, was the low-pressure system work, that we started in 2019 to install the devices across all seven states.
Charles Fishman: This was just an acceleration of that.
Donald Brown: That's right.
Charles Fishman: Okay.
Donald Brown: So that's a big portion of the change, but I'd say, it's kind of across the seven states including electric. That $100 million increase.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Last question, slide 11, I think it's consistent with the slides in the past, where you show what the -- recovery timing of your CapEx. There's a big drop down between 2019, 2020 and then going forward as far as the percentage that you have to go for a -- just a general rate case. Was that driven by Ohio? Or what drove that drop that ledge right there?
Donald Brown: Going forward into 2020 and 2021, it really is Ohio, with the CEP tracker that we have now that most of the capital or all of the capital expense in Ohio is going through the tracker program as well as just increases in Indiana and some other states.
Charles Fishman: And then, you said that -- I assume then it was this change in Ohio that really drove this big transmission project there that you got coming up?
Donald Brown: That's right. That's right.
Charles Fishman: Okay.
Donald Brown: I think -- to think about is, as you look at the difference between 2018, 2019 and going forward is the investment we made, in Greater Lawrence. Yeah until the $255 million to $260 million is reflected in those two numbers and so you've got that switch of significant rate case investment that we wouldn't have going forward.
Charles Fishman: Okay. That's all I have. Thank you very much.
Donald Brown: Yeah.
Operator: And at this time, I'm showing no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Joe Hamrock, CEO for any closing remarks. Joe Hamrock Thank you, Skyler. And thank you all for your engagement today and for your thoughtful and insightful questions. We look forward to seeing many of you at the upcoming EEI Conference. And until then please make it a safe day. And I appreciate your continued support and engagement. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2019 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Randy Hulen, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Mr. Hulen, you may begin.
Randy Hulen: Thanks, Josh, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the NiSource second quarter 2019 investor call. Joining me today are Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer; and Donald Brown, Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource's financial performance for the second quarter of 2019 as well as provide an update on our operations, growth drivers and financing plans. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call to your questions. Slides for today's call are available on nisource.com. Before turning the call over to Joe and Donald, just a quick reminder, some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some of the statements made on this recording relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and additional segment information, including our full financial schedules available at nisource.com. With all that out of the way, I'd like to turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our NiSource teams continued in the second quarter to execute on critical priorities across our business, driving results for investors and all our stakeholders. These priorities include our long-term utility infrastructure modernization programs, safety enhancements across our gas distribution system, our electric generation strategy in Indiana and completing the restoration in the Merrimack Valley. With the progress we've made in these area through the first half of 2019, we remain confident that we’ll deliver on our commitments for the year. Let's turn to Slide 3, which summarizes our key accomplishments through the second quarter and early third quarter. We delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of $0.05 per share versus $0.07 in 2018, in line with expectations and positioning us to deliver net operating earnings per share within our $1.27 to $1.33 guidance range for 2019. We expect to complete $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion in capital investments in 2019, consistent with our forecast for the year. We remain confident in our long-term forecast of 5% to 7% annual growth of our non-GAAP earnings per share and dividend from 2019 through 2022 and expect to make capital investments of $1.6 billion to $2 billion annually from 2020 through 2022. Gas system safety enhancements are advancing across our seven-state footprint, including accelerated implementation of a Safety Management System or SMS. Our SMS is aligned with the framework developed for pipeline operators by the American Petroleum Institute. SMS is a comprehensive approach to managing safety, emphasizing continual assessment and improvement, and identifying and mitigating potential operational risks proactively. As part of our SMS work, enhancing risk management processes have been introduced at each of our operating companies. We've added additional safety expertise to our Quality Review Board, the independent entity overseeing our SMS implementation. Cynthia Quarterman, former administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration joined our QRB in June. The now six-member board chaired by former Transportation Secretary, Ray LaHood, includes experts with diverse backgrounds spanning the aviation, energy, and nuclear industries. In addition, Deborah Hersman, former chair of the National Transportation Safety Board was appointed to the NiSource Board of Directors in June. Having these widely respected safety experts on our team is of great value as we focus on continuously improving our safety practices. We are also making significant progress on installing over pressurization protection, automatic shut-off devices on our low-pressure systems. Teams have installed more than 800 of these devices across our footprint, including all necessary work in Virginia. These devices operate like circuit breakers. They are designed so that when they sense operating pressure that is too high or too low, they immediately shutdown gas to the system, regardless of the cause. This work remains a top priority. Our gas team continues to execute on regulatory initiatives with the approval of the settlement in our Virginia base rate case and filing of a new base rate case in Maryland. In Indiana, the hearing began last week in our electric base rate case and is expected to continue until August 7. We filed a partial settlement in April with key stack holders which addresses our revenue requirement, federal tax reform and depreciation schedules related to the early retirement of our coal plants. We expect an order in the fourth quarter. Also in Indiana, the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission last month approved Power Purchase Agreements in two of our wind project applications. We remained focused on the restoration and customer support in the Merrimack Valley. We are nearly done replacing heating equipment for approximately 875 customers, whose furnaces or boilers were repaired in the weeks following the September 2018 event, and we expect to be 100% complete by September 15. In May, we reached a settlement with the three impacted municipalities in which we agreed to pay $80 million to cover municipal property restoration, including road repair and to resolve all other municipal claims. And as announced on Monday, we reached an agreement in principle to settle all class action lawsuits resulting from the Greater Lawrence event. With that agreement, which is subject to court approval, we've now resolved four major civil claims against the company. Does that reflect on this? I'd like to add that we will always be mindful of the impact this tragic event has had on our customers and everyone in these communities. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Donald, who will discuss our financial performance in more detail. Donald?
Donald Brown: Thanks Joe, and good morning, everyone. Looking at our second quarter results on Slide 4, we delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $19 million or $0.05 per share compared with about $26 million or $0.07 per share for the same period in 2018. The biggest driver of our non-GAAP financial performance continues to be the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investments, supported by constructive regulatory outcomes and established infrastructure trackers. Before turning to our business segment financial results, I'd like to address the Greater Lawrence incident expenses. Our total estimates which is detailed on Slide 10, is somewhat higher due to the class action settlement and other expenses as described in our 10-Q for the second quarter. Going forward with four major civil claims related to the event now resolved and the restoration work near completely, we don't expect any significant future adjustments to the estimate. As a reminder, this estimate excludes any amounts we may incur for potential fines and penalties. Also as we've previously stated, we expect to recover a substantial portion of our Greater Lawrence incident costs through the $800 million of cash and insurance coverage and $300 million of property insurance in place at the time of the event. We started submitting claims in December, 2018 and have recorded casualty insurance recoveries of $670 million through June 30 and have collected $535 million in cast to-date. We have also filed our claim with our property insurer and discussions around this claim and recovery have begun. As insurance recovery process moves forward, we plan to continue to provide quarterly updates on our progress. Let's turn now to the non-GAAP financial results for business segments. Our Gas Distribution Operations segment had operating earnings of about $47 million for the quarter compared with about $36 million for the same period in 2018. The increase was driven primarily by new rates from base rate cases and infrastructure replacement program execution. Our Electric Operations segment reported operating earnings of about $86 million for the quarter compared with operating earnings of about $77 million for the comparable period in 2018. The increase was driven primarily by infrastructure replacement program execution. Looking at our consolidate year-to-date O&M expenses are non-tracked O&M is essentially flat compared to our 2017 baseline. But slightly higher than 2018 due to increased safety related spending in our Gas segment. Looking forward, we expect a slight increase in expenses related to safety enhancement programs we're implementing across the Company. We believe the safety enhancements are prudent benefit of our customers and the communities we served. Our financial results coupled with our solid execution on the regulatory front through the first half of the year strengthens our confidence in reaffirming both our 2019 non-GAAP net operating earnings per share guidance of a $27 to $33 as well as our long-term earnings and dividend growth forecast. We also expect to maintain our current financing plan. Now turning the Slide 5. I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our total debt level as of June 30 was about $9.2 billion – about $6.9 billion was long-term debt. The weighted-average of maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 18 years in the weighted-average interest rate was approximately 4.6%. At the end of the first quarter, we maintain net available liquidity of about $1 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under a credit facility and our accounts receivable securitizations. Our credit ratings from all three major rating agencies are investment grade, and we're committed to maintaining our current investment grade ratings. I'd now like to turn to Slide 6, which covers our financing plan for our long-term growth investments. Our current plan continues to include annual equity in the range of $200 million to $300 million from our at-the-market or ATM equity issuance program and $35 million to $60 million from our employee stock purchase and other programs, plus incremental long-term debt. Our ATM is consistent with our approach to provide balanced, predictable financing for our infrastructure investments. In execution of our financing plan is expected to enhance our credit profile by strengthening our funds from operations to debt metric to the 14% to 15% range over the long-term. Before I turn the call back to Joe for a few infrastructure investment and regulatory highlights, I wanted to note that we plan to provide 2020 non-GAAP earnings and capital investment guidance on our third quarter call, consistent with our practice in recent years. Joe?
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you, Donald. Now let's turn to some specific highlights for the second quarter and early third quarter of 2019 from our Gas Operations on Slide 7. In Virginia, we received regulatory approval in June of the settlement agreement in our base rate case. The approved settlement supports ongoing infrastructure investment programs, addresses the impacts of federal tax reform and increases annual revenues by $9.5 million, including $8.2 million in revenues currently collected through our infrastructure tracker. Final approved rates went into effect in July 2019. In Maryland, we filed a base rate case request in May with the Maryland Public Service Commission to support continued replacement of aging pipelines and adoption of pipeline safety upgrades. If approved as filed, the request would increase annual revenues by approximately $3.7 million, including $1.2 million of current infrastructure tracker revenue. A commission order is expected by the end of 2019, with rates in effect in January 2020. In Ohio, our first annual application for adjustment to our Capital Expenditure Program rider remains pending before the Public Utilities Commission. The CEP rider, which was first approved by the PUCO in 2018, allows us to recover capital investments and related deferred expenses that are not recovered through our infrastructure modernization tracker. The application seeks to begin recovery of approximately $122 million in capital invested in 2018. A PUCO order is expected in August 2019 with rates affected in September 2019. In Indiana, we filed our latest tracker update request in June and our long-term gas infrastructure modernization program, covering $12.4 million in incremental capital investments made between July 2018 and April 2019. An Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission order is expected in the fourth quarter of 2019 with rates effective November 2019. Also in Indiana, our PHMSA compliance plan, covering approximately $230 million of capital expected to be invested between 2019 and 2023, remains pending before the IURC. We expect an order in the second half of 2019. Now let's turn to our Electric Operations on Slide 8. In June, the IURC approved Power Purchase Agreement applications for two of the three wind projects; Jordan Creek and Roaming Bison that we announced in February. The application for the joint venture and ownership agreement for the third project Rosewater remains pending before the IURC, with an order expected in the third quarter of 2019. The three projects have nameplate capacity totaling 800 megawatts. Jordan Creek and Rosewater are expected to be in operation by late 2020, and Roaming Bison by 2021. The wind project filings are consistent with 2018 Integrated Resource Plan, which calls for the retirement of nearly 80% of our remaining coal-fired generation in the next five years, and all coal generation to be retired by 2028. We expect to issue a second Request for Proposals in the fourth quarter of 2019. Our goal is to transition to the most economical, cleanest electric supply mix available while maintaining reliability, diversity and flexibility for technology and market changes. The hearing is underway in our electric base rate case, which remains pending before the IURC. As we mentioned on our first quarter call, we filed partial settlement agreement in April, which addresses the revenue requirement, federal tax reform and depreciation schedules related to the early retirements of coal-fired generation plans called for in our 2018 integrated resource plan. If approved as filed, the partial settlement is earnings neutral and allows for return on equity of 9.9%. I would add that in May, we reached a settlement with the Industrial Group, which resolves many issues related to implementing a new service structure for industrial customers. The hearing is addressing cost allocation and rate design, and IURC order is anticipated in the fourth quarter of 2019. We continue to execute on our seven-year electric infrastructure modernization program, which includes enhancements to our electric transmission and distribution system designed to further improve system safety and reliability. The IURC approved TDSIC program represents approximately $1.2 billion of electric infrastructure investments expected to be made through 2022. In June, the IURC approved or latest tracker update request covering approximately $59 million an incremental capital investments made from June 2018 through November 2018. Before revisiting our key takeaways for the quarter, I'll share a couple of quick updates. Our NIPSCO subsidiary was named one of the most improved brands nationally in the latest J.D. Power Residential Natural Gas Customer Satisfaction Survey and we had the highest satisfaction among Indiana energy companies. This strong performance is evidence that our team is focused on delivering for our customers is paying off. I mentioned earlier the progress we are making on our accelerated SMS implementation. We were pleased to see the American Gas Association Board recommend in May that all AGA member companies adopted a Pipeline Safety Management System modeled after the API framework. As AGA noted, safety is at the core of what our industry does and adopting SMS is another way gas utilities go above and beyond to protect our employees, customers, and the communities we serve. As we turn to the Q&A portion of the call, I'll share a few key takeaways. Our teams are executing well on our critical priorities across the business. As a result, we're confident in reaffirming our 2019 non-GAAP net operating earnings guidance range of a $1.27 to a $1.33 per share and our financing plan. Our long-term investment driven growth plan is intact and resilient. We continue to expect to grow both net operating earnings per share and our dividend by 5% to 7% annually from 2019 through 2022, and we expect to maintain our current investment grade credit ratings. Safety remains the foundation for all that we do for our customers and the communities we serve and we're advancing that commitment with our accelerated SMS implementation across our seven state footprints with strong independent oversight by our Quality Review Board. Our electric generation strategy is advancing with our wind project PPA's approved and our electric base rate cases progressing with settlements in place addressing key issues and the hearing underway. We're making substantial progress in the Merrimack Valley restoration with heating system replacements, nearly complete and settlements reached in our largest civil cases. Again, I'll note that all of this reinforces our ongoing commitment to residents and businesses impacted by the event. We remain mindful of the impact of this tragic event and we're dedicated to finishing the restoration. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We're now ready to take your questions. Josh?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. You may proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning.
Joseph Hamrock: Good morning, Julien.
Donald Brown: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, pleasure. So a couple quick items. First, maybe a little bit more housekeeping. How are you thinking about strategic avenues here with respect to Massachusetts? I know that there's a lot going forward here. Just if you can comment at all, I’d be curious. And then I've got a couple of others.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks Julien. It was a matter of policy. We do not comment on M&A rumors or speculation. Our focus in Massachusetts is on delivering safe and reliable natural gas and high-quality service to our over 300,000 customers there. And continuing the restoration and rebuilding that we've talked about here this morning, and those efforts in the Merrimack Valley continue. And our focus remains on that level of service across our entire seven state footprint.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And then moving to a more substantive matters I suppose, when you think about Indiana, are you talking about an RFP coming up? How do you think about some of the challenges that we saw this spring in Indiana, maybe at the legislature, et cetera, we've got perhaps a little bit of a follow through on that front as well. Can you comment how you evaluate or think about some of the pressures there relative to sort of an economic pursuit of resources with respect to your RFP process? I'm just curious how you balance both of those, especially in the decarbonization trajectory you talk about?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. I mean there's obviously going to be a bit of a tail on the policy agenda there, especially with the taskforce setting up and we'd expect to see continued discourse around the transition of electric generation, not just in our portfolio, but in the state and in the region. As we all know, that's a pretty high profile discussion in many of the states across the Midwest. So we're front and center in that. I think that the thing neutralizes that or makes it kind of more objective and transparent is the very approach that we've taken that being to issue RFPs at every step along the way. So that everyone can see what's available in the market and what the straightforward economics and the alternatives are. And as we noted, we'll continue to use that approach with another round of RFPs this fall. So that that discussion can be informed by objective market data and we'll continue with that policy. And we don't know what we'll see in the next round. So we'll continue to keep an open mind as well as we step through this.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Quick housekeeping or last item here. With respect to – I think I heard a 3Q update on CapEx, is that when we'll get a little bit more detailed on what this new approach with respect to gas, risk assessments, playout more materially with respect to both cost and CapEx?
Joseph Hamrock: Absolutely. We're planning and expect to provide guidance both from an earning standpoint as well as a capital standpoint. And at that point, we'll be able to provide some perspectives on how SMS may have shaped our portfolio both from an O&M standpoint as well as a capital standpoint.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And inclusive of the RFP expectations or is that would be later on?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. I would say the RFP expectations will be later on in 2020.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, great. Thank you, guys. Really appreciate the time.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Weinstein of Credit Suisse. You may proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys.
Joseph Hamrock: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Weinstein: On the RFPs and the IRP at NIPSCO, I think you and I have talked to before about the use of tax equity, possibly being proposed to regulators for regulated projects. And just want to give you comment on that and whether that mitigates future financing needs in terms of equity needs and going forward?
Joseph Hamrock: So we have started the conversations with our regulators in Indiana. We have the one project that is a joint venture project. It's new to Indiana and its news across the country. In terms of that type of structure in a regulated business, we think we are progressing on that and expect to get an order in the third quarter around that joint venture investment. From a financing standpoint, look at it up front. There certainly is the opportunity for an equity investor to take most of the investment upfront. How we are looking to structure these transactions though is that on the backend, in some future period, five years, 10 years, we would end up having ownership, most of that ownership of those projects. So I'd say it's a short-term period where we wouldn't have to put in the amount of investment for the full project. But at some point, we would want to have the bulk of that investment within the utility.
Michael Weinstein: Right. That makes sense. With the risk of the investor purchasing the tax credits, so that that would in theory reduces the cost of the project?
Joseph Hamrock: That is correct, yep. And provide the tax savings to our customers.
Michael Weinstein: Correct. Right, and then on the NTSB investigation, do you have any indication about timing on that when it's supposed to come out and what are your expectations in terms of what it might say?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. As you might imagine, Michael, we can't speak for the NTSB and their process and their discourse. We've been working very closely with them literally from day one, and remain in that mode of working with aligned objective that to understand everything that led to the incident and how we can work to prevent those incidents in the future. They have said that they expected within a year or so of the incident to have a report, but again we don't have any specific details on that.
Michael Weinstein: Gotcha. And on insurance recovery and pace of recoveries, has that coming in a little faster than expected on exactly as you expected? How is that affecting the – I guess the drag on earnings as a result of having to finance the cost, while you await recovery?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. The insurance progress has progressed as you see we brought in $535 million of cash and both the receivable of $670 and so it's going really well, our insurance policy holders are working very constructively with us we've done. I think a very good job of providing them a lot of information to support the claims process. And so I think that has helped move the process along and obviously that has helped us from a financing standpoint and reduce the financing needs really short-term debt here this year. So we still have more to go to get the $800 million and we do continue to expect to get a substantial portion of that $800 million between the end of this year and next year. Having said that – with the – more than half of those proceeds coming through this year, we do expect that we'll be in the market here in the third quarter to help finance the company long-term. So working on that plan, so it won't give out any details yet, but we expect that we'll be in for a long-term financing in the third quarter.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Gotcha. Thank you.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Christopher Turnure with J.P. Morgan. You may proceed with your question.
Christopher Turnure: Thank you. Don, maybe you could just go back in time a little bit and remind us of the last time you did a kind of junior subordinated note and the cost there and your overall experience and how that fit into the capital structure?
Donald Brown: Yes, thanks. So we've done two preferred equity issuances both last year through did a June issuances $400 million of 5.65%, and then a December 2018 issuance $500 million at 6.5%. So we're looking at structures like that that preferred equity structure allowed us to have about 50% equity credit with the rating agencies. So we do like that. We've also got a structure in place that allows us to call that that note in five years. And so it gives us some flexibility there as we look forward. So that's one of the items that we are looking at potentially going forward. We've seen others in the industry take advantage of hybrids and prefer to in particular. And so it seems like the pricing as well as the understanding from investors says I think become a lot more clear in looks – continue to look like a viable opportunity for us.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. So kind of within the realm of different types of convertible debt or non-convertible kind of subordinated debt and preferred equity. It sounds like you're happy with the experience last year and investors are kind of well receiving of those types of issuances?
Donald Brown: Yes, absolutely. I'd say we continue to get investor support and questions of if we do it, please give them a call. And that's what we're trying to balance and understand as we look forward for our cash flow needs as well as ensuring we hit our credit targets.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. And I guess, I just wanted to confirm, based on this slide and your message in the script today that kind of all elements of the 2019 and 2020 funding needs are reiterated. In other words, the ATM, the internal programs, the debt, et cetera. Even though part of that to TBD like no pieces of that have changed given your progress so far on the insurance?
Donald Brown: That's correct. That's correct.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. And then just my other question is, given that progress, is there kind of any reason to waiver at all on your 5% to 7% EPS growth target of the 2019 base waiver as in kind of within the range or around the range?
Donald Brown: No. And as I said, we plan to give guidance for 2020 and beyond on our third quarter call.
Christopher Turnure: Okay, great. Thanks Don.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. You may proceed with your question.
Steven Fleishman: Yes. Hey, good mornings. So just a brief question. In the past you've talked about potentially shifting maybe if we needed to a little bit of the equity ATM in the 2019 versus 2020, but I'm wondering now with the insurance money coming in pretty good, how are you feeling about whether you need to do that or not?
Donald Brown: Thanks Steve. I think it's something we're still looking at. It is still early, but certainly the insurance progress that we've made has been positive. And I think it's less likely that we would pull forward, but I think it's a little early for us to commit for this year. But as you said, if we were to do that, it would be a pull forward from 2020, so that on an average basis it's $200 million to $300 million a year.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then just one thing just want to check is, I know you'll give 2020 guidance I guess on the Q3 call, but just your 5% to 7% growth rate is already kind of in place for the next several years. So unless something dramatic changes, we should generally just assume that is the rough growth rate?
Donald Brown: That's correct. Yes, that is our guidance.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Donald Brown: Thank you.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you, Steve. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed with your question.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. First question is in Indiana, I know you'd be giving your CapEx guidance in the third quarter earnings, but given the HB1470 legislation that was passed this spring on the TDSIC mechanism, any update on how much incremental investment exists beyond the base plan? Is it just more incremental in nature or do you see potentially bulkier opportunities there?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. Insoo, thanks. Insightful question. As you noted and we sort of already answered it, we'll guide 2020 on Q3, whether we have that level of specificity at that point in time remains unclear. As you noted, that mechanism is a TDSIC related mechanism. And so the more likely moment that we would talk about those capital plans would be when we file the next TDSIC filing, which maybe a little bit later than that. We're still working through that planning. All of that said, we do see an opportunity there for enhanced grid modernization investments and some key technology investments that our teams are working through as we go through this planning cycle.
Insoo Kim: Understood. And then more broadly, when you look at your overall portfolio of utilities and just longer term growth opportunities overall in the industry, is your preference to remain more exposed to gas versus electric? Whether it's organically or inorganic?
Joseph Hamrock: We like our mix. We always evaluate the performance and potential of not just the mix, but the individual companies and that's what drives our investment and our regulatory cycle and guides such decisions as what we'd like to mix to look like. But we like the position that we're in.
Insoo Kim: Great. Thank you very much.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. You may proceed with your question.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Joseph Hamrock: Good morning, Shahriar.
Shahriar Pourreza: Sorry, I hopped in couple of minutes late. Don, you specifically called out any sort of potential O&M update as a result of the SMS program as we head into the third quarter. Without going into specifics, do you kind of envision the O&M growth profile changing as a result of the programs?
Donald Brown: So the way I’ll answer it, it's too early to provide any specific perspective, but we've certainly have kicked off SMS in a much more accelerated way this year. We've got a team looking at – I think there is 18 or 19 different work streams looking at our assets and our procedures and our risk management programs. And we're learning a lot about how we can enhance our operations. And so I expect we will have some changes that come through and are delivered through across our seven states. Too early to say whether that changes our overall O&M program and profile, but certainly there will be some enhanced investment in our Gas Operations as we continue to implement SMS across the seven states.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. That's helpful. And Joe, I obviously appreciate that you can't come around Maryland – Massachusetts in any kind of strategic things, but what sort of costs coming to light around expenditures and capital. Can you just remind us how you're thinking about the rate case in Massachusetts?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. We've talked about that throughout the year, Shahriar. It's a little early to set up the plans for the rate case or regulatory strategy more generally in Massachusetts. We've remained focused on restoration. We've remained focused on a positioning the company to move forward and the communities to move forward. And the property insurance claim in particular relates to any potential regulatory strategy related to the capital investments in the Merrimack Valley. So there's a number of steps that would need to set up before we're able to talk about specific regulatory strategies. Of said before and would continue to say that that we wouldn't expect that to be any sooner than late this year or early next year before we're in a position to talk about that strategy.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it, thanks. That was it. Thank you, guys.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore. You may proceed with your question.
Gregory Gordon: Hey, good morning, guys. A lot of my – if not all my questions were answered, but just to clarify, one thing. Your insurance recoveries have been pretty good. You show on that slide that you've gotten a significant portion of a $670 million of the $800 million of casualty already in the door.
Joseph Hamrock: That's correct.
Gregory Gordon: Are you thinking about sizing your financing needs against your assumed insurance recoveries? Are you assuming that you're ultimately going to be able to recover the full $1.1 billion of casualty and property insurance? Or are you assuming some risk adjustment against the property portion when we think about that in light of the total costs that you've currently incurred for the Greater Lawrence event today?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. So on the casualty insurance that the $800 million, and as you noted, we've booked about a $670 million receivable. We are certainly well into that process and conversations with our remaining insurance providers, so very confident in getting substantial portion of that, if not all of that $800 million. The property insurance claim, we just filed a few weeks back. So it's very early in the process to talk about recovery, amount of recovery and timing of recovery. And so they are just now our provider having an opportunity to review the claim. It also note that part of that claim that we're working through that our insurance provider is looking for is to have more information about the assets that were damaged in the Merrimack Valley incident, and that's subject to the NTSB investigation right now. So timing wise, this one is going – was always going to be a little slower. And we've got to work through that process with them. But as I said, through my notes earlier, we'll continue to provide updates quarterly on our overall insurance progress, including the property insurance.
Gregory Gordon: Okay, because as I think about the – your financing needs, which you've also been very clear on and gave us the update on incremental long-term debt. I mean with $1.68 billion to $1.69 billion of current estimated costs that that could theoretically create a $300 million swing factor, which I presume would be caught up in the non-convertible subordinated debt or preferred equity portion of the financings is that's the independent variable at this point. Is that fair or unfair?
Donald Brown: Yes. Absolutely that figures into our long-term financing needs, the amount and timing of the property insurance claim. But also looking at just our overall plan both capital and our operating plan. And so that's the process that we're in right now to really understand what are the different levers and how things are shaping up for 2020 and beyond. But property insurance figures into that and will impact financing obviously.
Gregory Gordon: Okay. But when you flex assumptions for different recoveries on the insurance, you still feel like you're comfortable inside that 5% to 7% earnings growth aspiration based on a reasonable risk adjustment for recoveries on the remaining insurance. That it's fair reason why you're still confident in the growth rate.
Donald Brown: Absolutely. Yes.
Gregory Gordon: Okay. Thank you.
Donald Brown: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Charles Fishman with Morningstar. You may proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: Good morning. I kicked this around with Randy a couple of weeks ago and if I got any of the numbers wrong, blame me, not them, but to replace the coal plants who are retiring, a little over 2,500 megawatts of capacity. You've got three big wind projects, roughly 800 megawatts so you still have around 1,700 megawatts there'll be future RFPs, I assume. What piece of that would you anticipate being from in probably gas of that 1,700 megawatts. I'm just assuming all of it can't be intermittent solar or wind.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. Insightful question, Charles. And the best place to start would be to look back at the IRP from last year. And that reflected a long-term view based off of the RFP we took last year, which was from memory about a 65, 35, 65 renewables, 35 natural gas from capacity. And keep in mind in the MISO market, we're about three gigawatts out of 102 or so gigawatts. So it's a bigger equation than our own standalone portfolio is another way to think about that with transmission. The strength of the transmission system there. All of that said, the key driver in the way we've set this up is that we can step through time and reevaluate the market and the planning portfolio as we stepped through time. So that 800 is nameplate that is not the credit you get in the capacity market for that. And so it's a relatively small portion of the overall portfolio and it's a way to start the process, kind of fills in for the loss of Bailey, the retirement of Bailey and doesn't really yet start the progression to replace the plants we would retire in 2023 and ultimately in 2028. So it's a pretty dynamic step through time approach to this that will answer that question iteratively as we go.
Charles Fishman: So roughly of the 2,500 megawatts of coal retirements, roughly you're saying one-third would have to be natural gas. Would any of that be a combined cycle or do you think it'd be all peaking at this point?
Joseph Hamrock: And I'm not saying would have to be then I want to be careful about what you're hearing. It's not would have to be, it's the IRP that we ran last year showed about that makes and that accounted our existing Sugar Creek combined cycle station. So I'm talking about the total portfolio, not the replacement portfolio.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Interesting Times. Thank you.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Joe Hamrock for any further remarks.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks Josh. And thanks to all of you for tuning in today on a bit what I know is a busy day for you. And thanks for your ongoing interest and support. We look forward to continuing engagement with you as we step through the remainder of the year. Make it a good and safe day. Have a good one.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the First Quarter 2019 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will be given at that time [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Randy Hulen, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Sir you may begin.
Randy Hulen: Thanks, Deranda and good morning, everyone. And welcome to the NiSource first quarter 2019 investor call. Joining me today are Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer and Donald Brown, Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of this presentation is to review NiSource's financial performance for the first quarter of 2019, as well as provide an update on our operations, growth drivers and financing plans. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call to your questions. Slides for today’s call are available on nisource.com. Before turning the floor over to Joe and Donald, just a quick reminder, some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some of the statements made on this recording relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and additional segment information, including our full financial schedules available on nisource.com. With all that out of the way, I would like to turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks Randy. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to report on our first quarter 2019 results, which reflect our team’s continued execution of our long-term utility infrastructure modernization program. These programs are the foundation of our focus on safety and enhancements to our GAAP distribution system across all seven states. In addition, we continue to advance our electric generation strategy in Indiana and our dedicated team continues to support customers and communities in the Merrimack Valley during Phase II of our restoration work. With the progress we have made thus far, NiSource is well positioned to deliver on its commitments for 2019. Let’s turn to Slide 3, which summarizes our key accomplishments through the first quarter and early second quarter of the year. We delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of $0.82 per share versus $0.77 in 2018 in line with expectations and positioning us to deliver net operating earnings per share within our $1.27 to a $1.33 guidance range for 2019. We also continue to expect to complete $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion in capital investments in 2019 in line with our guidance. We remain confident in our long-term forecast of 5% to 7% annual growth of our non-GAAP earnings per share and dividend from 2019 through 2022 and capital investments of $1.6 billion to $2 billion annually from 2020 through 2022. Gas system safety enhancements remain a key focus across our seven state footprint. We are executing on our accelerated safety management system or SMS implementation. Our SMS is aligned with a framework developed for pipeline operators by the American petroleum institute. SMS is a comprehensive approach to managing safety, emphasizing continual assessment and improvement and identifying and mitigating potential operational risks proactively. To provide independent review and oversight of our SMS implementation we have established the quality review Board Chaired by former U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray Lahud. In addition to Mr. Lahud the five member QRB includes experts with diverse backgrounds spanning the aviation, energy and nuclear industry. I'm honored that Secretary Lahud agreed to Chair our QRB, which has begun its work and is providing significant benefits through the experience and expertise of all five members. I can also report progress on our commitment to install over pressurization protection, automatic shut off devices on low pressure systems. Initial pilot projects have been completed and work has begun across all of our operating areas. These devices operate like circuit breakers, they are designed so that when they sense operating pressures that is too high or too low they immediately shut down gas to the system, regardless of the cause. This work remains a top priority. Our gas team continues to execute on the regulatory initiatives with the unanimous settlement filed in our Virginia base rate case, approvals of modernization tracker update in Ohio and Massachusetts and the first annual update application filed in our new capital expenditure program in Ohio. In Indiana we filed a partial settlement last week with key stakeholders in our electric base rate case which addresses our revenue requirements Federal Tax Reform and depreciation schedules related to the early retirement of our coal plants. And our electric team continues to advance our generation strategy with our wind farm applications filed and awaiting regulatory approval. Customer support efforts continue in the Merrimack Valley as well, with the end of the winter heating season work has begun to replace heating equipment that was repaired in the weeks after the mid September event. Approximately 875 customers are receiving new finances or boilers with installations expected to be completed by September 15th of this year. Our team continues to process customer claims, provide repair support on appliances in heating equipment and restore private and community property effected by last fall’s restoration work. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Donald, who will discuss our financial performance in more detail. Donald.
Donald Brown: Thanks Joe, and good morning, everyone. Looking at our first quarter results on Slide 4. We delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about, $308 million or $0.82 per share compared with about $260 million or $0.77 per share for the same period in 2018. The biggest driver of our non-GAAP financial performance continues to be the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investments supported by constructive regulatory outcome and established infrastructure trackers. Before turning our business segment financial results, I would just like to address Greater Lawrence incident expenses. Our estimates which are detailed on Slide 10 are higher than what we have provided with our fourth quarter 2018 results. This increase was driven by final billings for construction and emergency response expenses as we as adjustments made to reserves for legal liability and settlement expenses. Despite this upward adjustment, our strong first quarter financial results coupled with our solid execution on the regulatory front has of confident in reaffirming both our 2019 non-GAAP net operating earnings per share guidance range of $1.27 to $1.33, as well as our long-term earnings and dividend growth forecast. We also expect to maintain our current financing plan. As we have previously stated, we have $800 million of cash for the insurance coverage and 300 million of property insurance that we expect will recover a substantial portion of our Greater Lawrence incident cost. We have started submitting claims in December 2018, and have recorded casualty insurance recoveries of $235 million through March 31st. We have also provided notice to our property insurer and discussions around the claims and recovery have begun. As the insurance recovery process move forward we will continue to provide quarterly updates on our progress. Let's turn now to the non-GAAP financial results for our business segment. Our gas distribution operation segments has operating earnings of about $398 million for the quarter. Compared with about $320 million for the same period in 2018. The increase of $78 million was driven primarily by regulatory outcomes and infrastructure replacement program execution. Our electric operation segment reported operating earnings of about $95 million for the quarter compared with operating earnings of about $86 million for the comparable period in 2018. This increase driven primarily by tracked infrastructure investments and lower O&M expenses offset slightly by reduced customer usage. Now turning to Slide 5. I would like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our total debt level as of March 31st was about $9.2 billion of which about $7 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 18 years and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.6%. At the end of the first quarter we maintained net available liquidity of about $1 billion consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitizations. Our credit ratings from all three major rating agencies are investment grade and we are committed to maintaining our current investment grade ratings. I would now like to turn to Slide 6, which covers our financing plan for our long-term growth investments. Our current plan continues to include annual equity in the range of $200 million to $300 million from our aftermarket or ATM equity issuance program and $35 million to $60 million from our employee stock purchase and other programs, plus incremental long-term debt. Our ATM is consistent with our approach to provide balance predictable financing for our infrastructure investments. The current ATM program allows us to issue up to $500 million in equity through the end of 2020. Execution of our financing plan is expected to enhance our credit profile by strengthening our funds from operations to debt metrics to the 14% to 15% range in 2019 and beyond. Now, I will turn the call back to Joe who will discuss a few infrastructure investments and regulatory highlights.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you Donald. Now let’s turn to some specific highlights for the first quarter and early second quarter of 2019 from our gas operations on Slide 7. In Virginia we filed our unanimous settlement agreement last months with parties to our base rate case, which remains pending before the Virginia State Corporation Commission. Filed in August 2018, our request seeks to recover costs associated with ongoing infrastructure investment programs and to incorporate changes from Federal Tax Reform. If approved is filed the settlement is expected to increase annual revenues by $9.5 million including $8.2 million in revenues currently collected through our infrastructure tracker. New rates went into effect subject to refund with the February billing cycle. We expect to commission order in the second half of 2019. In Ohio we received regulatory approval last week of our infrastructure replacement program tracker annual adjustments allowing us to begin recovery of approximately $200 million of infrastructure investments made in 2018. This well established pipeline replacement program authorized through 2022 covers replacement of priority mainline pipe and targeted customer service lines. Also in Ohio, we filed in February our first annual application for adjustments to our capital expenditure program writer. The CEP writer which was first approved by the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio in 2018, allows us to recover capital investments and related deferred expenses that are not recovered through our infrastructure modernization tracker. The adjustment application seeks to being recovery of approximately a $122 million of capital invested in 2018. A PUCL order is expected in August 2019. In Indiana our PHMSA compliance plans covering approximately $230 million of capital expected to be invested between 2019 and 2023 remains pending before the Indiana utility regulatory commission. We expecting an order in the second half of 2019. And just yesterday, we received regulatory approval of our 2019 Gas System Enhancement Plan and not the chooses. This order authorizes recovery of incremental 2019 capital investments of $64 million and new rates take effect this month. I would note that this order recovers capital investment and priority pipe replacement that will be done this calendar year and does not include cost recovery related to the Greater Lawrence incident. Now let's turn to our electric operations on Slide 8. As I mentioned earlier, we filed a partial settlement agreement on April 26th in our electric base rate case, which remains pending before the IURC. The settlement addresses our revenue, requirement Federal Tax Reform and depreciation, schedules related to the early retirement of our coal-fired generation plants called for in our 2018 integrated resource. If approved is file the settlement is earnings neutral and allows for return on equity of 9.9%. An IURC order is anticipated in the second half of 2019. Our filings seeking approval to develop three wind farm in Indiana in partnership with experienced renewable energy developers remain pending before the IURC, with orders expected in the third quarter of 2019. The three projects, Jordan Creek, Roaming Bison and Rosewater, have nameplate capacity totaling 800 megawatts and are expected to be in operation by late 2020. These filings made February 1st are consistent with our 2018 Integrated Resource Plan, submitted to the IURC last fall. The IRP calls for the retirement of nearly 80% of our remaining coal-fired generation capacity in the next five years, and all coal generation to be retired by 2028. The replacement capacity portfolio is still being fully defined and options point toward lower-cost renewable energy resources, such as wind, solar and battery storage technology. We expect to announce additional renewable projects and issue a second round of our RFPs later this year. Our goal is to transition to the most economical cleanest electric supply mix available, while maintaining reliability, diversity and flexibility for future technology and market changes. Our coal combustion residuals capital projects are substantially complete with the last of the three units placed into service in the first quarter. These projects represents an investment of approximately $193 million and include environmental upgrades at generating facilities to meet current EPA standards. The IURC in December 2017 approved its settlement authorizing these projects and recovery of associated cost. We continue to execute on our seven year electric infrastructure modernization program, which includes enhancements to our electric transmission and distribution system designed to further improved system safety and reliability. The IURC approved key disc program represents approximately $1.2 billion of electric infrastructure investments expected to be made through 2022. Our latest tracker update request filed in January and covering approximately $59 million of incremental capital investments made from June 2018 through November 2018, remains pending before the IURC. And order is expected in the second quarter of 2019. I should note that there is new legislation in Indiana, which make several constructive changes to the T DISC Statue. The law which underlies and further supports our gas and electric infrastructure modernization programs at NIPSCO. For legislation House Enrolled Act 1470 provides some clarity around what can be included in T DISC plans. Our team is putting together a proposed timeline for filing a new gas T DISC plan with a filing day expected in the third quarter of 2019 and we are determining next steps resulted to the electric plan. We will continue to execute on the current approved gas plan through 2020 as well as the current electric plan approved through 2022. Before I touch on our key takeaways for the quarter, I will share a few quick updates. I'm pleased to report that last month NiSource was named for the fourth consecutive year to Forbes Magazine’s list of Americas Best Large Employers. Inclusion on this list, which is based on an independent employee survey reinforces that our 8000 plus employees recognized the Company as a great place to work, grow and build a career. Our team is dedicated to building value for our customers, our communities and our investors. If you haven’t already done so, I encourage you to check out our 2018 integrated annual report, which we published last month and is available at NiSource.com. The report shares how we are continuing to invest in safety upgrades and infrastructure enhancements, deliver on our financial and environmental commitments build our culture and enhance the sustainability of NiSource for years to come. I would also like to recognize and thank Rich Thomson who is retiring this month from the NiSource Board of Directors after having served on the Board since 2004 including the last six years as Chairman. His thoughtful and inspiring leadership will be missed and we wish Rich the best in his well in retirement. We are just about ready to open the line to your questions, but let me share our key takeaways. We are off to a strong start in 2019 both in terms of our financial results and our solid execution on the regulatory front in each business segment. As a result, we are confident and reaffirming our 2019 non-GAAP net operating earnings guidance range of a $1.27 to a $1.33 per share and our financing plan. Our long-term investment driven growth plan is intact and resilient. We continue to expect to grow both net operating earnings per share and our dividend by 5% to 7% annually from 2019 through 2022 and we expect to maintain our investment grade credit ratings. Safety remains a foundation for all that we do for our customers and the communities we serve and we are advancing that commitment with our accelerated SMS implementation across our seven state footprint and strong independent oversight from our Quality Review Board. We are making significant progress in our electric business with partial settlement of our base rate case and advancing our generation strategy with our wind projects. We are committed to finishing the restoration in the Merrimack Valley the right way as we continue to support our customers and communities there. Thank you for participating today and for your ongoing interest in support of NiSource. We are now ready to take your questions. Deranda.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Weinstein from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Michael Weinstein: Hi this is Mike, how are you doing, good morning. I’m wondering, if you could discuss a little bit about the differences between the IRP in Indiana that you guys filed and one that Vectren recently field and had a rejection of their CCGT certificate of need. You know how does your IRP differ from that and maybe what are the lessons learned from the combination of the two processes that have happened here?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. Thanks Mike. I won't opine on the Vectren IRP, but I will talk about our approach and for us the first principle throughout the entire process have included a transparent evaluation of all of the viable options that we saw for replacement capacity in particular and then tested that through an RFP a transact able RFP last year with the broadest possible stakeholder participation. And we believe this approach stands up well as the IURC evaluates our filings our CPCN filings, that of course follow that IRP and are consistent with that strategy. And we will continue to move through this process embracing those principles including later this year as I noted earlier our expectation for an next round of RFPs to continue to show what is available in the market and what the best solutions will be for our replacement capacity going forward. I think the IURC and all of our stakeholders value that approach and have been very engaged in that approach throughout.
Michael Weinstein: And on the same subject the seed of SP472, what do you think that says about the political lobby of some state and I guess the power of the coal industry in particular going forward?
Joseph Hamrock: You know I would say it's not surprising, it's not unexpected that various groups would try to protect their interest and we certainly welcome that this course and welcome the opportunity to discuss that and again it all risks on our approach of putting all the options on the table and making sure that we can all see as objective and transparent picture as possible. And I think that stands up well as we move forward through what by any measure the pretty dynamic and complex transition in Indiana in particular, but in general across the country.
Michael Weinstein: Do you think we will see a new type of replacement builds for that that try to achieve the same thing or do you think that this issue of a moratorium is dead for the time being?
Joseph Hamrock: I think it's too early to try to predict all that. It does appear that the more moratorium is off the table right now, we are proceeding on the course that we were on before, all of those activities, but we will continue to monitor that and we will continue to look forward attractive one on here and we expect that to be the case.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, great. Thank you very much. That is all I have for now.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey good morning. Excellent. So I just wanted to be actually clear about Michael was just asking about. So again just to come back to this whole process in Indiana here on the electric side. At the end of the day the issues they are very discreet and legislative and peer companies out there and any implications with respect to your settlement that you have just filed and or future procurement plans are not existing or present. And maybe if you can talk about - let's go and talk a little bit more about what the remaining issues are that weren’t settled here, just to go through sort of the remaining items as you look to close that out?
Joseph Hamrock: Sure thing. Yes again I don’t see significant implications for us. We have said all along that each company really is going to see a unique set of factors and circumstances that drive our IRP process in general, the retirement of our assets, the evaluation of that is unique to the age and the operating conditions of our assets, you can’t transpose that on any other company. I think we would all agree with that. We did as I noted earlier test the market, so I think we have given a pretty clear and transparent picture of all the options available to us and so I wouldn’t expect the process that is in front of us to substantially change that. And as I said earlier, we will continue to commit to that kind of transparency to ensure that we are looking at all the options as we step through this progression of sequence of retirements and replacement capacity overtime. So I think we are in a really good position here. I don’t expect the review and the stakeholder process to setup at the legislature to substantially change our outlook. And as we noted earlier, a lot of this is further out on the horizon for us, so we have time to navigate the dynamics of this situation. As it relates to the rate case, I would remind us that for us this was a policy case at its core, at the very beginning designed to align with our IRP and our generation strategy. The core issue being depreciation of the generation assets as it relates to the retirement schedule. With the partial settlement that we have setting revenue requirements that effectively sets that piece of the puzzle in place, which is not the most important point, but the key for us as it relates to the overall strategy. The open issues are related to allocation of revenue requirements among the customer groups, which has not solved and is always complex. We will continue to facilitate and support parties communicating in that that may ultimately result in litigated case. And that is okay, that is something that is what the process is for. And then the other piece for us is within the revenue allocation the question of the industrial tariff that we set up for the large industrial is a part of that puzzle. We continue to work with parties on that as well. So we feel good about the position that we are in on all fronts here as it relates to IRP, the wind CPC and in the rate case the relationship with the rate case settlements that we have. Donald anything you want to add to that?
Donald Brown: Yes. I would add that think about the process we ran last year for the IRP including that RFP the current projects that we have contracted with and have filed for approval on those projects, they were really to fill a gap we had on our Bailey plants that we shut down last year. And so as we think about going forward on retiring the Schahfer units in 2023, we will need to go through another IRP process and we plan to issue another RFP to seek supply resources to replace that generation when we close out. So, it’s an opportunity for us to give feedback on our old process, the process last year as well as Vectren and others in the state so that we structure our next IRP and RFP to make sure that all of our stakeholders understand and have clarity around our plans in the markets going forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. If I can follow-up just on the basic side of the equation. Can you elaborate a little bit more on your confidence level on just the latest round of increases in total cost of that. If you can I know this is a little bit difficult and then separately progress on any strategic decisions, rate case, timing and or financing implications for me in the latest increase. I imagine just that financing is most far?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, Julien let me take the first part of that now and I will ask Donald to touch on the financing. I will note and Donald touched on this in the earlier remarks, but several factors drove the change to the cost estimates this quarter, which were up approximately 20% from prior estimates. Those factors include finalizing emergency response and construction cost, billing as well as adjusting legal liability and settlement reserves based on our current view. And despite these adjustments, we are confident in reaffirming our 2019 guidance our long-term annual growth rate and maintaining our current financing plan. And I think it's important to note that key drivers for us is always include regulatory timing and out outcomes and financing cost and timing and in the cycle that we are in were also drivers within our range include timing of insurance recoveries as it relates to the cash flows here. So we will continue to provide updates each quarter as it relates to all of these factors, but I do feel like we continue to put more of this in the rearview mirror than not. Donald.
Donald Brown: Yes. I think Joe said it, as we look forward and look at the estimates that we have got, the items that we are working on are around settlements with parties, in having started those discussions between the different parties third-party claimants, we have got more information, but certainly as we continue having those discussions those estimates could be updated and will be updated in future quarters. And to Joe's comment around the insurance recovery, we continue to progress there and it's steady, weekly conversation that we were having with all of our insurance providers in the tower is very constructive and were just progressing up the tower. So we have got confidence that we continue to move in that path to get recovery on the insurance side and on other side from a claims and reserves on our litigation we are moving forward there as well.
Joseph Hamrock: And Julien, you asked about the regulatory. We haven't made any decisions at this point about regulatory plans in Massachusetts, as it relates to the investments in pipeline replacement in the Merrimack Valley. As we have noted before, and as it is noted here, we are working with our property insurance on that side and we will go to that process before we make any determination on the regulatory front.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Alright, I will leave it there. Thank you very much for your patience.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you. Have a great day.
Operator: Our next question comes from Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. Just going back to the cost estimates from that shift, it's acknowledging that the larger increase did come from the third-party claims could potentially fluctuate based on negotiations and what not. Could you elaborate on why it seems to be a bit difficult to get to more comprehensive estimate at this time just given the quarter - the increase from fourth quarter that you guys had estimated. And just up really from the settlement that has been failed, does any has been filed on the claims, have they been a face value or some level below that?
Joseph Hamrock: So let’s start with the insurance cost and recovery there. Certainly there is a process to go through each claim, understand the claims, how we made decisions on the claims process. The first couple of insurance providers and our tower has been very constructive and consistent. We haven’t seen at this point any significant concerns about the cost that we incurred for the restoration events and the construction events last year. And so at this point we are confident in that process and certainly we will continue to have conversations as we walk through each of those claims. But we have provided the full amount of the costs and our estimates to all of our insurance provider and so they are all seeing that information and now it’s really the process going through provided-by-provider as they work through their process to get comfort with the costs. On the other third-party claims and litigation reserves, I would say the big change really is the timing of having conversations. You think about where we were at year end, at the time we were still finishing up the restoration and so it really have allowed us here in the first quarter to start having conversations with the different third-parties, whether that is the municipalities or other claims that - larger reserves and litigation reserves that we have had here in the first quarter. So it did have the announcement earlier this week about one of the significant injury claims that we were able to settle and so that is certainly in our reserve estimate and we will continue to have more conversations with the different third-parties.
Insoo Kim: Understood and then on the financing front, I know that plan hasn’t really changed, but is there any clarity you could give or any level you could give on the preferred equity front, I know it’s always kind of a TBD amount for 2019 and 2020.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes it’s still early, as we said the amount of preferred equity that we may need will depend on the cash flow this year and in particular the timing and amount of the insurance recovery. So it’s too early at this point, but it’s still something that we are looking at as an opportunity this year.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Thank you very much.
Joseph Hamrock: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Turnure from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Christopher Turnure: Thank you. Most of my questions have been answered, but I wanted to follow-up I think Joe on your comments on HP1470 and kind of how that impacts your longer term plans, how your filing will kind of come together on the gas side there in end of sell with the exploration of the existing T DISC?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. So thanks Chris good morning. The T DISC statue that is now passed brings substantial clarity for all of us regarding eligible investments, it also provides opportunities for advanced technology investments on the electric side, as well as targeted economic development investments on the electric side, which is a great feature. So as we look at the new gas plant, we are in a cycle where we would want to be updating anyways, since the current plan runs through 2020. So it will just set us up to file for the next plan, so to speak. On the electric side, we are evaluating the opportunities that might exist or the options that might exist as a result of the legislation. And we may or may not file a new plan there. We are continuing to evaluate that, because the electric plant runs through 2022. So it's more about the clarity that it brings in how much value that might provide for all stakeholders as we step through the next couple of years.
Christopher Turnure: Okay, great. That's all I had. Thank you Joe.
Joseph Hamrock: Alright. Thank you, Chris. Have a good day.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steven Fleishman: Hi, good morning. Hey, so just maybe you could just kind of tie us back to the - you do have couple of $100 million insurance increase, but really no change in your comfort level on financing plan and credit. Is that kind of a reflection that the rest of the business is doing a little better or you are getting a little more confident on timing of the insurance recoveries?
Donald Brown: Thanks Steve. Good morning. I think that's right, I think as we continue to progress both from conversations with our insurance providers having the NIPSCO electric rate case, having that partial settlement in especially the acceleration of the depreciation for the closure plants that has a positive cash impact annually to our business, as well as we look forward at the different regulatory items, we have got. That, ultimately, we have got confidence in our long-term plan. But at the same time, we will continue to work with our insurance providers on really the timing of those cash flows and getting the initially 800 million back and then also seeking recovery on the property insurance side, which helps offset the higher costs that we have incurred.
Steven Fleishman: Okay, and I guess, do you have enough certainty with a risk of future increases to the point where you - what is the risk, I guess that we come in future quarters and certainly have to add more financing or other stuff to deal to preserve credit? Or do you have enough visibility now that's unlikely?
Donald Brown: Yes, I think it's always possible. I'm not going to say that our reserves could not change as we continue down settlement discussions with third-parties. But from the information we have now, we are confident in the reserves we have got and estimates we have at this time. If you think about financing, again, it's really going to change depending on the timing of insurance recoveries. And so that might impact needing more equity content in 2019 to ensure we hit our targets for this year, but that's really a timing between, 2019 and 2020 and doesn’t impact our long-term financing plan.
Steven Fleishman: Okay thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shahriar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey guys. So I think you touched on most of it, but let me ask I'm still trying to get a sense on how you are thinking about the rate case in Massachusetts, because you guys obviously have a higher - the claims have jumped up so the lag is increasing. With sort of some of the increase in confidence level you guys have around your discussions and insurance recoveries, I guess what is holding you back from filing a rate case?
Joseph Hamrock: I wouldn’t say that we are being held back, we are progressing through a series of restoration activities. As it relates to some of the claims there is really no relationship between the claims issues and the rate case itself, except we on the properties side, which I noted earlier where we are looking at the investments we made there. And we do want to make sure we proceed through the insurance process before we establish a strategy for the regulatory. So I wouldn’t call that holding it back, I think it’s just order of operations so to speak before we determine what the best course of action would be on the regulatory side. Any other thing I would note is we did pull a settlement last year so we have got some work to do to get back to where we were before we even put the replacement investments into the rate base last year. So we have got some things to work through, but it’s not about being held back, it’s really about an orderly process to get to the best strategy.
Shahriar Pourreza: And then just are you still - from a timing perspective we should be thinking about for modeling Q4 maybe early 2020 for a filing?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. I think what we have said before is it will be late this year early next year before we make decisions. So it wasn’t about the timing of a case, but it was about the timing of a decision.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay got it. Thanks guys that was my main questions.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks Shahriar. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Gregory Gordon: Thanks. You know what guys I think you have been pretty thorough and my questions have been answered. Have a good day.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you too.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Charles Fishman from Morningstar Research. Your line is open.
Charles Fishman: Yes thank you. Just one quick one Joe, does this pending legislation in Indiana move the needle as I'm looking at your Slide 12, in other words that 24% of your infrastructure investment 2020 to 2022 comes from periodic rate cases. Is it material enough to lower that number 100 or 200 basis points or is it really insignificant?
Joseph Hamrock: Hi good morning Charles. That is a great question I think it’s too early to tell. I think it’s back to the point I made a few minutes ago about evaluating some of the new features in the TDISC statue, especially around economic development and advanced technologies. So grid modernization in particular, some advanced grids investments might be a good opportunity that would have been in traditional rate cases where not for this legislation. We will evaluate that it could move that line, but right now it’s too early for us to say that with any clarity.
Charles Fishman: Okay, got it. That is all I had thank you.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you. Have a great day.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Levi form ExodusPoint. Your line is now open.
Andrew Levi: Hi guys, and I apologize for asking this because I haven't really been on the cost, but just on the liabilities, what were you guys saying as far say Europe is like billion dollars now, is the likelihood of that increasing significantly not likely or likely just kind of - everything kind of around that? I'm sorry that I missed it so.
Donald Brown: Good morning Andy, no problem. I think what I stated was that it's certainly possible that as we continue to have litigation settlement discussions that the reserves could be adjusted in the future, but based upon the information we have got, as well as our progress and discussions this quarter we are confident and where those reserves are.
Andrew Levi: So you say you have taken access beyond what has been claimed I guess is what you are saying, is that right? So whatever you took this quarter and you have taken is an estimate of where it may go, not what has actually been filed.
Donald Brown: Yes. It would be our estimate of where were going - what settlement amount would be for the major third-party claims.
Andrew Levi: Right okay and that is higher than what is been already filed or not.
Donald Brown: The filed - what do you mean by filing?
Andrew Levi: Well, I mean you know like whether lawsuits or claims or things like that those amounts relative to what you have reserved.
Donald Brown: Well they are higher than what we had in our fourth quarter results. In some cases there hasn’t been a filing of cases, but we started having discussions with third-parties. So it depends on really with the third-party, kind of what the status is from a legal standpoint as well as our discussions.
Andrew Levi: Okay. And then my last question is just in general, I don’t know if you want to answer this, but is it possible that some of the claims could be inflated or not real, have you experienced that or has there been a discussions around that.
Donald Brown: We are having constructive conversations, we are trying to understand the third-parties and their claims and how they have made up their claims and that's part of the process of settlement discussions its really understanding how they have made up their claims.
Andrew Levi: Okay. I will follow-up Randy offline.
Joseph Hamrock: Its Joe here. The other things I would note is the adjustments this quarter are not all related to claims and litigation, there is a number of other factors driving it. So I just don’t want you to walk away thinking that whole adjustment was based on claims alone. As I noted earlier, and as Donald noted, it was also true ups to some of the restoration costs from last year, some of the mutual assistance cost, so there is a lot of different things moving inside that adjustment that we have booked this quarter.
Andrew Levi: Okay. I will follow-up with Randy. Thank you very much guys.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks. Have a good day Andy.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey guys, sorry just to come back very Quickly, the TDISC plan that you expected to file later this year. I would imagine that doesn’t change your near year CapEx for instance based on the reasoning for it, but I suspect that adding greater than you - adding back potentially some of the CapEx that might have been pushed out given the ambiguity earlier and the reason for the legislation itself, you could actually see that reintroduced and increased. I just want to understand what your current assumption is relative to the baseline in TDISC and how that could be updated as you think about it later this year?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. Are you talking about the gas side Julien?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Admittedly both sides.
Joseph Hamrock: Okay, yes. On the gas side, possibly I don’t think we have enough clarity to go back and sort of back cast what we originally filed. Keep in mind those are pretty small changes in the original plan as we adjusted through the various filings. So even if it was kind of a back to where we were it’s not a significant shift there. On the electric side it’s possibly a little more interesting as we look at advanced technologies and some of those, but too early to say that with clarity.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Alright. I will leave it there. Thank you.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Joe Hamrock, CEO for closing remarks.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you Deranda and thanks all of you for your participation today and your continued interest in, in support of NiSource. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today’s conference this concludes the program. You may disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Fourth Quarter of 2018 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Randy Hulen, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Mr. Hulen, you may begin.
Randy Hulen: Thanks, Muriel and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the NiSource fourth quarter 2018 investor call. Joining me today are Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer and Donald Brown, Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of this presentation which has slides available on nisource.com is to review NiSource's financial performance for the fourth quarter and full-year of 2018, as well as provide an update on our operations, growth drivers and financing plans. Following our presentation, we'll open the call to your questions. Before turning the floor over to Joe and Donald, just a quick reminder, some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. In addition, some of the statements made on this recording relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and additional segment information, including our full financial schedules available at nisource.com. With all that out of the way, I'd like to turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Hamrock: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 2018 was one of the most challenging years in NiSource's history. Recovery from the tragic event in the Greater Lawrence, Massachusetts area has been our major focus since September 13th. Additionally, 2018 was a year of continued execution on our core business plan across our entire service footprint, which I'll touch on later. First, I'd like to provide a progress report on our continued recovery efforts in the Merrimack Valley. I am deeply grateful for the dedication of the thousands of people who came together to carry out our restoration efforts. And for the resilience and spirit of the people of the Merrimack Valley, who have been tremendously gracious to all those who came to aid in the restoration. We reached a major milestone in mid-December with gas service restored to nearly all customers. And our focus on supporting our customers in those communities continues. Once gas service was restored, we immediately moved into phase two of the effort with long-term commitments to restoring property in streets and continued engagement with the Greater Lawrence community. We continue to have resources in the area to provide support and services to customers in the three municipalities. And we put in place a new leadership team dedicated to support our ongoing restoration efforts. We remain humbled by the events and we're engaged in extensive efforts to further enhance the safety and reliability of our gas distribution systems, not only in Massachusetts but across our seven states footprint. As I mentioned on our third quarter call, we have committed to install over pressurization protection, automatic shut-off devices on every low-pressure system across our seven state operating area. These devices operate like circuit breakers. They are designed so that when the sensor operating pressure that is too high or too low, they immediately shut down gas to the system regardless of the cause. We've started installing these systems and this work initially estimated at a $150 million is a top priority. We've also committed to adding additional remote monitoring capabilities on all low-pressure systems. These will allow us to see more comprehensive details on how our systems perform and will alert us immediately in the event of abnormal system performance. By integrating these advanced tools, our team will have a more precise view into the current status of our system, allowing employees in our gas control center to better coordinate with employees in the field and enabling us to respond more quickly in the event of any irregular system activity. As part of our continuing damage prevention efforts, we further enhanced our damage prevention practices around low-pressure regulator stations, including field inspection and monitoring of third-party excavators. These enhanced work practices were implemented across all of our states by the end of 2018 to help reduce the risk of facility damage. And we took other steps immediately following the September 13th event, including a field survey of all low-pressure regulator systems to identify all options to enhance safe; reliable operation and engineering design review of all regulator stations; and the addition of new details to our electronic mapping systems, which is easily accessible to all our field and engineering employees. Our efforts to guard against future incidents extends beyond the work we're doing with our low-pressure systems. We're accelerating implementation of the safety management system or SMS across our seven states. Safety management systems have been used successfully by the airline industry to achieve a continued decrease in accidents despite a significant increase in flight hours since the 1990s. Our SMS is aligned with the framework developed for pipeline operators by the American Petroleum Institute. This framework helps identify and manage risks, communicate with stakeholders, ensure effective operation of key processes, promote a learning environment and continuously improve pipeline safety and integrity. We launched SMS in Virginia and Indiana well before the Lawrence incident and we since accelerated its implementation across the NiSource footprint. The scope of our SMS deployment is substantial. We have assembled a cross functional team of employees across NiSource with consultants and advisors who provide expertise and safety management systems in the gas industry and other industries. Hundreds of people are involved and we have appointed a Senior Executive to a new position dedicated to SMS implementation. We're also standing-up a quality review board to provide independent review of our SMS implementation. The board will include highly experienced professionals from diverse backgrounds in gas operations and other industries, including aviation and nuclear generation. We expect to announce the members of the quality review board, as well as additional details about our SMS implementation in the coming weeks. Let's now turn to Slide three, which outlines some of the ways NiSource delivered on key objectives in 2018. Our non-GAAP net operating earnings were $1.30 per share for the year versus $1.21 in 2017, which was in the top half of our 2018 guidance range. We began repositioning our Indiana electric business with submission of a long-term plan to transition our generating fleet away from coal to lower cost renewable energy resources beginning in 2023 and becoming call free by 2028, saving customers an estimated $4 billion over the long-term. We invested $1.8 billion in our regulated utility infrastructure in 2018, including accelerated mainline replacement in the Greater Lawrence. NiSource replaced more than 430 miles of natural gas pipelines, including 302 miles of priority pipe, as well as 64 miles of underground electric cables and more than 1,300 electric poles to enhance system safety and reliability. We added approximately 27,000 net new gas customers, driven by increased convergence to natural gas from other fuels and healthy housing markets. We successfully implemented Federal Tax reform with all customers now enjoying savings made possible by lower corporate income tax rates. Our state-of-the-art training centers opened in Massachusetts and Virginia completing the four centers we announced in 2016, and enhancing training for our gas operations employees and local first responders. A new capital expenditures program rider was approved in Ohio, allowing for cost recovery to begin on significant capital investments not being recovered through the existing infrastructure modernization tracker. And our team continued its solid execution of regulatory initiatives, including gas base rate case settlements in Indiana, Maryland and Pennsylvania, and filing a gas base rate case in Virginia and an electric base rate case in Indiana. As you can see, NiSource continued to execute on planned investments and initiatives in 2018, and we're taking prudent steps to ensure the sustainability of our business for years to come. Turning our focus to 2019, we're initiating non-GAAP net operating earnings guidance at $1.27 to $1.33 per share for the year, and we expect to make $1.6 to $1.7 billion in capital investments. Our 2019 earnings guidance, which falls short of our long-term earnings growth forecast, reflects the near-term impact of financing the Greater Lawrence restoration, expenses associated with accelerating the enterprise wide SMS implementation and increased pension costs related to market volatility in late 2018. From 2019 forward, we expect to grow our non-GAAP earnings and dividend by 5% to 7% annually through 2022, a two year extension of our prior long-term growth forecast. We expect to make capital investments of $1.6 billion to $2 billion annually from 2020 through 2022. We're confident our resilient infrastructure investment programs will continue to deliver value for all our stakeholders with safety enhancements to our customers and communities and long-term financial growth for investors. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Donald who will discuss our financial performance in more detail. Donald?
Donald Brown: Thanks Joe, and good morning, everyone. Before talking about our non-GAAP earnings, I just like to note that our 2018 GAAP results include our emergency response, system restoration and other expenses associated with the Greater Lawrence incident. Additionally, our current total estimates are significantly higher than estimates we provided with our third quarter results. We now estimate the total expense related to the greater Lawrence incident is approximately $1.1 billion. We also estimate $220 to $230 million in capital costs related to the distribution system replacement and associated restoration in the impacted communities. I would note that the prior estimates we provided were compiled in the early weeks after the incident before the complexity of the in-home restoration process was fully known. With service restored to substantially all customers in mid-December, we believe a bulk of the restoration costs are behind us. We have $800 million of casualty insurance coverage and $300 million of property insurance that we expect will recover a substantial portion of these costs. We started submitting claims in December and have recorded insurance recoveries of $135 million, which includes $5 million already collected during 2018.  As insurance recovery process moves forward, we plan to provide quarterly updates on our progress. More details of our current estimates are available on Slide 12, as well as schedule two of our earnings press release. Looking at our 2018 results on Slide 4, we delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $463 million or $1.30 per share compared with about $398 million or $1.21 per share in 2017. The biggest driver of our financial performance continues to be the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investments, supported by constructive regulatory outcome and established infrastructure trackers. Let's turn now to non-GAAP financial results for our business segments. Looking at Slide 6, our gas distribution and operations segment had operating earnings of about $565 million for 2018 compared with about $591 million in 2017. Operating earnings excluding the regulated revenue impact of tax reform were about $84 million more than a year, driven primarily by regulatory outcomes. Our electric operations segment, covered on Slide 7, reported operating earnings of about $369 million for 2018 compared with operating earnings of about $379 million in 2017. However, excluding the regulated revenue impact of tax reform, electric segment operating earnings were about $39 million more than a year ago, driven primarily by lower O&M expenses offset somewhat by lower industrial usage. Now turning to Slide 8, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level, total debt level as of December 31st, was about $9.1 billion, of which about $7 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 19 years and weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.6%. At the end of the fourth quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $1 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility in our accounts receivable securitizations. Our credits rating from all three major rating agencies are investment grade and we're committed to maintaining our current investment grade rating. I'd now like to turn to Slide 9, which covers our financing plan for our long-term growth investments. I would note that our current financing plan can change based upon the timing of cash proceeds of insurance recoveries expected in 2019 and 2020. Our current plan continues to include annual equity in the range of $200 million to $300 million from at the market or ATM equity issuance program and $35 million to $60 million from our employee stock purchase and other programs, plus incremental long-term debt. As you know, we filed an ATM program with the SEC on November 1st. This is consistent with our approach to provide balanced predictable financing for our infrastructure investments. The current ATM program allows us to issue up to $500 million in equity through the end of 2020. Execution of our financing plan is expected to enhance our credit profile by strengthening our funds from operations to debt metric to the 14% to 15% range in 2019 and beyond. I would note that adjusting for the Greater Lawrence event we would have exceeded our 13% FFO to debt metric target in 2018. Now, I'll turn the call back to Joe who will discuss a few infrastructure investment and regulatory highlights.
Joe Hamrock: Thank you, Donald. Now, let's turn to some specific highlights for the fourth quarter of 2018 and the early 2019 from our gas operations on Slide 10. In Ohio, we received regulatory approval of our new annual capital expenditure program rider, which took effect with the December billing cycle. The approved $75 million rider allows us to begin recovering capital investments and other deferred expenses made between 2011 and 2017 that are not recovered under our infrastructure modernization tracker. Rates will be adjusted annually. The approved settlement benefits customers through reduced rates and bill credits related to federal tax reform. In Pennsylvania, we received regulatory approval of our base rate case settlement, and new rates took effect in December. The settlement supports continued system upgrades and replacement of natural gas distribution pipeline, provides customers with the benefits of tax reform and is expected to increase annual revenues by $26 million. In Indiana, on March 1st, we'll implement the second of three steps in new gas distribution rates authorized by the IURC in our gas base rate case. The first step took effect on October 1st, following IURC approval of the settlement, which supports continued investments in system upgrades, technology improvements and other measures to increase pipeline safety and system reliability. When new rates are fully implemented in January 2020, annual revenues are expected to increase by approximately $107 million, reflecting the benefits of federal tax reform. Also in Indiana, we continue to execute on our long-term gas modernization program with investments planned through 2020. We received regulatory approval of our latest tracker update request in December. And consistent with our long-term capital plan, on December 31st, we filed with the IURC, a FIMSA compliance plan covering approximately $230 million of capital expected to be invested between 2019 and 2023. We expect an order in the second half of 2019. In Maryland, we received regulatory approval of the settlement in our base rate case. The new rates took effect in November. The settlement is expected to increase annual revenues by $3.8 million, including $1.6 million of current infrastructure tracker revenue and supports continued replacement of gas pipelines and pipeline safety upgrades. In Virginia, new rates went into effect subject to refund with the February billing cycle in our base rate case, which remains pending before the Virginia State Corporation Commission. Filed in August 2018, our request seeks to recover costs associated with ongoing infrastructure investment programs and to incorporate changes from federal tax reform. If approved is filed, the request is expected to increase annual revenues by $22.2 million, including $8 million in revenues currently collected through our infrastructure tracker. We expect the commission order in the second half of 2019. Now, let's turn to our electric operations on Slide 11. On February 1st, we made filings with the IURC seeking approval to develop three wind farms in Indiana in partnership with experienced renewable energy developers. The three projects, Jordan Creek, Roaming Bison and Rosewater, have nameplate capacity totaling 800 megawatts and are expected to be in operation by late 2020. These filings are consistent with our 2018 Integrated Resource Plan, submitted to the IURC in October. The IRP calls for the retirement of nearly 80% of our remaining coal-fired generation capacity in the next five years, and all coal generation to be retired by 2028. The replacement capacity portfolio is still being fully defined and options point toward lower-cost renewable energy resources, such as wind, solar and battery storage technology. We expect to announce additional renewable projects and issue a second request for proposals later this year. Our goal is to transition to the most economical cleanest electric supply mix available, while maintaining reliability, diversity and flexibility for technology and market changes. Our electric base rate case remains pending before the IURC. Filed in October 2018, the request seeks changes to our depreciation schedules related to the early retirements of coal-fired generation plants called for in the IRP, as well as changes in tariffs to provide service flexibility for industrial customers. It also reflects the impact of federal tax reform. If approved is filed, the request would increase annual revenues by approximately $21 million. An IURC order is anticipated in the third quarter of 2019 with rates effective in September 2019. Our approximately $193 million coal combustion residuals capital projects are progressing. Two of the units with the largest CCR projects are in service with the last unit scheduled to be in service in the first quarter of 2019. These projects include environmental upgrades at are generating facilities to meet current EPA standards. The IURC, in December 2017, approved this settlement authorizing these projects and recovery of associated costs. We continue to execute on our seven-year electric infrastructure modernization programs, which includes enhancements to our electric transmission and distribution systems designed to further improve system safety and reliability. The IURC approved program represents approximately $1.2 billion of electric infrastructure investments expected to be made through 2022. We received regulatory approval in November of a settlement in our July 2018 tracker update request, which included a base rate refund to customers related to federal tax reform. We filed our latest tracker update request in January, covering approximately $59 million in incremental capital investments made from June 2018 through November 2018. Before we turn to your questions, I'd like to leave you with some key takeaways about NiSource. We remain steadfast and our commitments to our customers in the impacted communities in the Merrimack Valley. We have a dedicated team and resources in place to complete the next phase of restoration, and we have a more complete picture of the total restoration costs. Safety remains the foundation for all that we do for our customers and the communities we serve. We're engaged in extensive efforts to enhance the safety and reliability of our gas distribution systems across our entire seven-state footprint. We expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings in the range of $1.27 to $1.33 per share and to make $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion in capital investments in 2019. Our long-term growth plan is intact and resilient. While we face some near-term headwinds in 2019, we expect to grow both net operating earnings per share and our dividend by 5% to 7% annually from 2019 through 2022, a two-year extension of our previous long-term forecast, and we expect to maintain our investment grade credit ratings. We remain focused on executing our core investment driven business plan across all seven states. Thank you all for participating today, and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We're now ready to take your questions. Muriel?
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Michael Weinstein: My first question just has to do with the capital expenditures Slide number 14 showing that you have additional spending out in the 2020 to 2022 range of $1.6 billion to $2 billion. So the capital spending, is that reflective of where you think the IRPs are going to land and how the spending will turn out as a result for that process?
Donald Brown: So if look at the capital and the growth up to $2 billion annually is really around two things. Part of it is in the electric business where we need to invest in transmission as we transition from the coal plants to the renewable plants in 2023 when those projects go online. I think the other large part is around some infrastructure investments to increase our gas line capacity in Ohio, so it's really transmission lines on Columbia Gas of Ohio over a couple of years, because we've had customer growth and we need to increase the capacity there. And then the third item is around some infrastructure or IT systems that we plan to modernize, really our core operating systems, our billing, our work management and asset management systems. So that's really the three big drivers of the growth and annual CapEx over that time period.
Joe Hamrock: So what I would add though is if you think about the actual generation investments in wind and in solar that we're expecting that really is 2023 timing. What we're doing now that we've executed on three agreements on renewables, two of those are PPAs, the third is a joint venture that we would make an investment in. Because of our NOL, current status of our NOLs, we can't take advantage of the wind tax credit and so we have entered into tax equity type structures. And that would allow us, our customers to enjoy the tax benefits from an equity investor. And then our investment would come later in 2023, which is after our guidance. So as we get more projects signed up for the ultimate investments in 2023, we'll be able to provide guidance on what the total investments would be then.
Michael Weinstein: Maybe you can just comment about how the higher spending levels after 2020 will affect both equity issuances, expected equity. Can you maintain this through the ATM? Can you continue to fund through the ATM and internal programs? And then also how it might affect where you will land in the 5% to 7% growth range after 2020?
Donald Brown: So the financing plan we've got here through 2022 to $200 million and $300 million annually, it includes all those assumptions around this financing, as well as the higher CapEx included in our plan. The ATM program as you know $500 million program. And so if you think about it $200 million to $300 million a year that really would afford us for a couple of years of our equity needs to establish another…
Michael Weinstein: But how about the earnings growth rate 5% to 7%, is that -- would it be reasonable to conclude that you might be in the upper end of that, because of the higher spending rates?
Donald Brown: I think, it's too early. We certainly are -- we've talked about earnings guidance being and annual current earnings guidance, and so the 5% to 7% is off of 2019. And when we get the 2020, we will be able to guide there. But there is certainly potential within that range. If you think about what drives our earnings, its regulatory outcomes and infrastructure programs. And so I can't guide beyond where we are.
Michael Weinstein : And just one last question and I'll let you go to other people. In Massachusetts, what's the timing you think on how you're making a decision on when to file a new rate case there, or any other strategic considerations being considered at this time at the board?
Joe Hamrock: Our ultimate regulatory plan for CMA will be developed after we ensure full restoration and recovery in Merrimack Valley. So I'd expect to hear more on that later this year, possibly even in the next year. And it is important to note that the interplay between resolution of claims and restoration activity is going to be important to resolve before we fully contemplate regulatory activity related to our work in CMA.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually Ritchie here for Julien. I just had a quick question, more of a housekeeping question. But are you going to still be hosting the Analyst Day sometime this year?
Joe Hamrock: We're likely not going to do the mid-year Analyst Day that we had previously talked about. We'll to work our way through the 2019 activities, and look for an update on that later this year.
Donald Brown: And that was one of the reasons that we wanted to provide longer term guidance here on this call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Paul Ridzon: I know you guys always tend to do pretty conservative, and seem like some of the things that caused this dip below your prior trajectory are temporary. Is there a chance you could get back-up to that EPS trajectory before March?
Joe Hamrock: You're right that some of what we're working through is temporary in nature, a lot of it related to financing the claims, the investments in our safety initiatives this year. We'll stick to the 5% to 7% guidance off of 2019 that we've talked about here today and not try to get into longer-range projections of how that might play out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Subbing in for Insoo here. One or two questions I want to make sure I understand a few things. First of all, the 5% to 7% and this maybe a little piggy tacky, but you mentioned in as earnings growth rate. Historically, you would always say earnings per share or EPS growth rate. I assume you're referring to EPS growth when you use that data. Or is there going to be a difference between the net income growth rate and the earnings per share growth rate?
Donald Brown: Thank you for clarifying that. That is 5% to 7% earnings and dividends, so it's EPS and dividends growth rate.
Unidentified Analyst : The other thing is just curious related to Greater Lawrence. Third-party claims obviously make-up the largest percentage of the $1.1 billion or so of costs. Just how are you guys thinking about when you will have certainty around that? If I remember correctly, and customers have an extended period of time before they hit a deadline when they have to file claims. Can you remind us of what is that timeline and when will that timeline and therefore, you will have greater certainty about the total claim level?
Donald Brown: So customer have a couple of years, and I don’t know exactly what their time period is to file claims from the event. We've certainly have restored nearly all of our customers to have gas service. So the bulk of our expenses are behind us. We've got some restoration to do this summer once the winter end around streets and savings. There is also some appliances that we need to replace that we only fix some of the customers' appliances in the fall and winter time period, and promise them we would come back and replace those appliances in the summer. So as I look at what's left, it really is a much smaller part of our total expected $1.1 billion in expenses.
Unidentified Analyst: Meaning you don’t think that one point here over $1 billion expense number changes a lot relative to what's already been filed by customers?
Donald Brown: No, I don’t expect that number to change significantly.
Unidentified Analyst : And then just last item, of all those senses that you outlined on Page 12, how much of those have you actually paid out in cash versus our future cash payments you might make down the road?
Donald Brown: So we've paid out most of it. I want to say that we are probably close to $1 billion -- 75% of the expenses have been paid out already.
Unidentified Analyst: So that $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion outlined on Page 12, you've paid our 75% of that number since the August and September event?
Donald Brown: That's correct. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Shahriar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is now open.
Shahriar Pourreza: Just need to -- just on Michael's question addification. The insurance, so if you look at amounts that you can under recover versus your policies and that's how that impacts potential incremental equity needs and what you guys are assuming and your growth plan, you guys have around $800 million in liability insurance, $300 on for property. Your total expenses at roughly 1.1, part of those expenses may not be applicable to the property insurance. So there is a potential that you could under recover a little bit versus what you guys have access to. And then there are the arguments that the insurance companies can make from a defense standpoint. So I guess what are the pushes and takes around incremental equity if you see any a few under recover? And then as you guys are thinking about your growth rate. What are you embedding as far as recoveries and amounts that are not able to be recovered?
Donald Brown: So based upon our conversations with our insurance providers, and we're working through it. And as you can expect, we've got a tower of insurance providers in the $800 million and one insurance provider in the $300 million property. We've got to work through each one of them to submit and substantiate claims, and that's going to be a lengthy process. So it’s hard for me to at this point given exact estimate of what we will recover through that process. However, we did hire an outside firm who specializes in claims. And they were actually on-site in early September to help make sure we have the right information in the right format to really expedite this process. So as I think about that from a financing standpoint and our expectations that's embedded in our financing plan, which includes the $200 million to $300 million of equity a year. The only caveat to that is part of that timing of recovery of the insurance proceeds could impact the timing of when we need equity to ensure that we hit our target ratings or target metrics. But on average the $200 million to $300 million is what's our expectations are for equity needs.
Shahriar Pourreza: And then under any scenario at least through 2020, you don't see the need to have to issue any block deals?
Donald Brown: No, there is no block deals plan at all.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Greg Gordon: So can you repeat what you said the updated estimates are for -- you've laid out very clearly what the costs -- estimated costs are here on Page 12 directly related Great Lawrence, but you also commented on what you're doing across the entire gas system to make sure that you're operating safely and reliably. So there were operating cost increases across the system as well as capital costs increases across the system. Can you just go through again what those incremental costs are please?
Joe Hamrock: Yes, that’s correct, Greg. In the 2019 guidance, not only do we reflect the financing costs related to the cash flows from the Greater Lawrence incident but incremental spending to accelerate our safety management systems implementation, that's an effort that have started. Over a year ago, we have accelerated that substantially, brought in outside experts. So you see a few cents inside that guidance that’s related to the one-time startup costs to accelerate that. And those won't stick for the long-term, but they really do have an impact in 2019 as it relates to the acceleration. We do expect as we've noted before, flat O&M across the board. But if you look below at the segment level, you will likely see some incremental O&M on the gas segment related to the safety initiatives. Of course, our electric business is repositioning, so that that O&M and profile will change as well. And then at corporate, we continue to look for opportunities to consolidate platforms. And Donald mentioned some incremental IT spending in the out years of the plan here related to modernization of those systems as well. So number of different moving pieces inside all that but that's the biggest one in 2019.
Donald Brown: So really it's around pension expense being higher because of the lower returns in 2019.
Greg Gordon: So O&M is or isn’t -- I'm a little confused. I think it's absolutely the right thing to do to make sure you get your safety and reliability up to where you needed to be. And spending more on that in the short run is obviously appropriate if you need to do that. But that means higher O&M in the short-run but flat O&M in the long run. Or are you moving things around so that it's flat, because you just told me that there's a few pennies in the new guidance for that, which would be mean O&M is up not flat?
Joe Hamrock: We were expecting and guiding flat O&M across our planning horizons. And so there is some offsets within our corporate and electric business that will have lower O&M that will offset some of the investments we're making on the gas side.
Greg Gordon: So I know that you've gives us the 5% to 7% guidance for growth on earnings and the dividend, and that's based off of the '19 guidance range. But '19 guidance is basically flat with where '18 guidance was a year-ago. And you were giving a 5% earnings growth rate off of that '18 guidance then. So we basically lost a year of earnings growth as it relates to the impact of the Greater Lawrence event. Unless what you're telling us and this is why I'm asking this is that the things depressing '19 are temporary. So just want to be clear is it performer or is it the latter?
Donald Brown: So earnings growth, the 5% to 7%, is off of the new 2019 guidance of $1.27 to $1.33. There are costs around financing. The insurance receivable recovery process that are impacting 2019 and will flow into 2020, similarly as Joe said on our safety investments and SMS, those are costs that we are incurring in 2019. And we'll be to some extent going forward costs and safety and reliability in the gas business ability in the gas business going forward. And so we hopefully helped clear it up. I agree that we have lost the year, because of the incremental costs and investments that we are making, but long-term we get back to our 5% to 7% annual growth.
Greg Gordon: And also just last question on that front. The updated guidance reflects some estimates for convertible subordinated debt or preferred equity, because you have TBD there on Page 9, as it relates to financing these costs. So Shahriar asked you about common equity, which you said is absolutely not in the plan, and I appreciate that. But some of the incremental convertible subordinated debt or preferred equity is in the plan, and that will be sized based on your cash flow needs as you work through these the payments and recovery of insurance claims. Is that a fairway to summarize it?
Joe Hamrock: So yes, certainly we'll continue to evaluate the use of preferred equity or junior subordinated debt. We have not in the past done convertibles and that's not something that we are currently looking at to include in our capital plan or our financing plan?
Greg Gordon: I misread the slide, this is non-convertible. I apologize. Thank you guys, have a great morning.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Your line is now open.
Charles Fishman: If I could ask a question on your reconciliation of adjusted operating income to GAAP. In the fourth quarter, you had $3.9 million due to the Greater Lawrence incident. Looks like it's just non-billed sales for customers. And I assume that that's not covered by any business interruption, insurance, or anything like that. And then related to that is the $10.4 million in the fourth quarter for charitable contributions. Will that continue in the 2019 expenses like that that are going to be considered special incident or special expenses related to Greater Lawrence incident?
Joe Hamrock: So, let's with the charitable contributions. We'll continue to evaluate our terrible investments that we make in communities right now. We don't have anything significantly planned to discuss and breakout. And so that will continue as we progress with our efforts in the Merrimack Valley. Your other question was around insurance on -- business interruption insurance. So no, there is no business interruption insurance for loss revenues for the customers that we weren't charging during the event.
Charles Fishman: So even if those numbers continue, the numbers we saw in the fourth quarter are likely to be a peek and they'll head lower?
Joe Hamrock: No, we wouldn’t expect to see that going forward.
Charles Fishman: And then another second question, capital expenditures I'm looking at Slide 14, those bars or the segments in those bars moved upward. In other words you're getting faster recovery. I'm assuming that's the impact of the Ohio legislation. Is that correct?
Joe Hamrock: Yes, we were always about 75% in that 70% to 80% range being recovered within 12 months. The 2018 chart includes the investments in the Merrimack Valley and so that one is a little bit higher going through a rate case the 31% there. Going forward we're back in that range around 75% and that is helped by the Ohio CEP program.
Charles Fishman: Well, in 2022 on Slide 14, you're now about 19% of your investment is collected within three months, your long-term used to be about 16%. That's driven by Ohio correct?
Joe Hamrock: Not that, it's really growth. If you think about that green bar is customer growth. And so we do continue to see progress on our customer growth efforts and seeing that those investments grow overtime to get us to our 1% net annual net customer growth.
Charles Fishman: So it's more shifting of what the investment, the CapEx is?
Joe Hamrock: That's right.
Operator: And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Joe Hamrock, CEO for any further remarks.
Joe Hamrock: Thanks Muriel and thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Randy Hulen - NiSource, Inc. Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc. Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.
Analysts: Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Insoo Kim - Goldman Sachs Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3, 2018 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Randy Hulen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please begin.
Randy Hulen - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the NiSource third quarter 2018 investor call. Joining me this morning are Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer; and Donald Brown, Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of today's call is to review NiSource's financial performance for the third quarter of 2018, as well as provide an update on our operations, growth drivers and financing plans. Following our presentation, we'll open the call up to your questions. Before turning the floor over to Joe and Donald, just a quick reminder; some of the statements made during this presentation will be forward looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. In addition, some of the statements made on this recording relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and additional segment information, including our full financial schedules available at nisource.com. With all that out of the way, I'd like to now turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As most of you know in the period since our last investor call NiSource and our customers in the Greater Lawrence, Massachusetts, area experienced an event of unprecedented proportions. This tragic event has been a humbling experience for all of us at NiSource and Columbia Gas, and we realized that much work lies ahead of us to finish our service restoration in Greater Lawrence, and regain the trust of our customers and the communities we serve. In Greater Lawrence, we continue to stay keenly focused on helping our customers and restoring the impacted communities. We are committed to restoring service to customers there safely and as quickly as possible. Safety and the care of our customers is the very foundation of our business. Although, the reviews of this incident are not complete, we are taking steps across our seven-state footprint to enhance system safety. Those measures include procedures and protocols that help guard low pressure systems from the risks that can lead to overpressure incidents with emphasis on enhanced project designs, controls and risk management and enhanced damage prevention protocols. In addition, the plan includes responsive measures such as designs that would automatically shut down an infected system or otherwise protect customer property in the event of an overpressure situation. Across NiSource, our teams continue working to enhance safety for our customers and communities and our team in Indiana is taking significant steps to advancing our long-term electric business strategy. Let's now turn to slide 3, which outlines some of our key accomplishments in the third quarter and early fourth quarter. Our non-GAAP net operating earnings, which excludes the impact of the Greater Lawrence event were $0.10 per share in the third quarter versus $0.07 in 2017, which keeps us on plan to achieving our net operating earnings per share guidance of a $1.26 to a $1.32 for 2018. And we remain on plan to invest $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in our regulated utility infrastructure in 2018. We are also reaffirming our long-term guidance of $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion in annual capital investments and 5% to 7% annual growth in net operating earnings and dividends per share through 2020. As of Tuesday, we've replaced all 45 miles of distribution pipeline and all of the service lines necessary to restore service to the impacted communities, in Lawrence, Massachusetts. Additional work is necessary to make homes and businesses House Ready in order to restore service to all the impacted customers. We're working diligently with our business partners to marshal the resources necessary and adjust our approach to meet our customers' needs and finish this important work safely and as quickly as possible. Meanwhile our teams have continued their disciplined execution of our infrastructure modernization programs and regulatory initiatives across all our states. Just yesterday, we achieved two milestones in our electric business in Indiana. We submitted our latest Integrated Resource Plan to the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission and also filed a base rate case, which supports the plans we outlined in the Integrated Resource Plan. And we continue to execute on both, our environmental investments and our long-term transmission and distribution system modernization program. In our gas business, we received approval of our rate case settlement in Indiana, and settlements are pending in our Maryland and Pennsylvania base rate cases. We've filed a new rate case in Virginia and withdrew our pending rate case in Massachusetts. In Ohio, we've reached a settlement agreement in our Capital Expenditure Program rider case. We continue to execute on our infrastructure modernization programs across our footprint and our application for a long-term program extension in Maryland was also approved. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Donald, who will discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Joe, and morning, everyone. Before talking about our non-GAAP earnings, I'd just like to note that our third quarter GAAP results include our current estimates of the emergency response, system restoration and other expenses associated with the Greater Lawrence event, and we will likely see additional incident-related expenses in subsequent quarters. However, we do expect to substantially recover these expenses through insurance, but as of yet have not recorded any insurance recoveries as of September 30th. Excluding this impact, we continue to expect to deliver on our net operating earnings per share guidance for 2018, and deliver on our $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion capital investment plan. On slide 5, you'll see our non-GAAP net operating earnings were approximately $35 million or $0.10 per share in the third quarter, compared with approximately $23 million or $0.07 per share in the same period of 2017. Through the first nine months of 2018, our net operating earnings are approximately $321 million or $0.91 per share, putting us right on track to deliver on our guidance commitment for 2018, which is $1.26 to $1.32 per share, excluding the impact of CMA event. Let's turn now to the non-GAAP financial results for our business segments. Looking at slide 6, our Gas Distribution Operations segment had an operating loss of about $3 million for the quarter, compared with an operating loss of about $9 million in the same period of 2017. Operating earnings, excluding the regulated revenue impact of tax reform were about $25 million higher than a year ago, driven primarily by increased infrastructure investment revenue and lower employee and administrative expenses. Our Electric Operations segment, covered on slide 7, reported operating earnings of about $123 million for the quarter, compared with operating earnings of about $130 million in the same period of 2017. However, excluding the regulated revenue impact of tax reform, our Electric segment operating earnings were about $7 million higher than a year ago. This increase was primarily due to lower O&M, increased infrastructure investment revenues, offset slightly by decreased industrial usage. Now turning to slide 8, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our total debt level as of September 30th was about $8.8 billion of which about $7 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity and our long-term debt was approximately 19 years and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.6%. At the end of the third quarter, we maintain net available liquidity of about $1.1 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitizations. I'd now like to turn to some additional details about our financing plan and recent actions, which are covered on slide 9. As you know in May, we sold approximately 25 million shares of common stock in a private placement with proceeds of approximately $600 million. And in June, we initiated a long-term debt refinancing, which included issuing $400 million of preferred stock and $350 million five-year notes, the proceeds of which were used to acquire certain outstanding notes totaling $760 million through tender offers and redemptions, and these transactions were completed in mid-July. These steps address the cash and credit impacts of federal tax reform, we improved our credit metrics and strengthened our balance sheet, and it put us back on track with our previous financing plan to fund our long-term growth investments. This plan includes annual equity in the range of $200 million to $300 million from an ATM program and $35 million to $60 million from our employee stock purchase and other programs. Consistent with this plan, we filed an ATM equity issuance program with the SEC earlier this morning. This is consistent with our approach to provide balanced predictable financing for our infrastructure investments and the ATM program filed today allows us to issue up to $500 million in equity through the end of 2020. This year's financing activity and execution of our financing plan going forward is expected to enhance our credit profile by strengthening our funds from operations to debt metric to 13% by the end of 2018 and improve to a 14% to 15% range in 2019 and beyond. Now I'll turn the call back to Joe, who will discuss a few infrastructure investment and regulatory highlights.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you, Donald. Now let's turn to some specific highlights for the third quarter and early fourth quarter of 2018 from our gas operations on slide 10. New gas distribution rates took effect October 1st, in Indiana following IURC approval of the settlement agreement in our base rate case. The settlement supports continued investments in system upgrades and other measures to enhance pipeline safety and system reliability. The settlement is expected to ultimately increase annual revenues by approximately $107 million once new rates are fully implemented. Also in Indiana, we continue to execute on our long-term gas modernization program with investments planned through 2020. Our application for a new seven-year program was dismissed without prejudice by the IURC due to pending legal matters, and we're reviewing options to re-file our application at a later date. In Pennsylvania, we filed a settlement agreement in our base rate case on August 31st. The settlement supports continued system upgrades and replacement of natural gas distribution pipelines and reflects the implementation of tax reform legislation. If approved this filed, the settlement is expected to increase annual revenues by $26 million. A Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission order is expected in the fourth quarter of 2018, with new rates effective in December. In Ohio, we filed a settlement agreement on October 25th, with parties to our application for an annual Capital Expenditure Program rider. The initial approximately $75 million rider would allow us to begin recovering capital investments and other deferred expenses made between 2011 and 2017, that are not currently recovered under our infrastructure modernization tracker. The settlement also benefits customers by reducing base rates by approximately $23 million to reflect the impact of federal tax reform. In Virginia, we filed a base rate case with the Virginia State Corporation Commission on August 28th, seeking to recover costs associated with ongoing infrastructure investment programs and to incorporate changes from federal tax reform. If approved as filed, the request would increase the annual revenues by $22.2 million, including $8 million in revenues currently collected through the infrastructure tracker. We've requested that new rates go into effect on February 1, 2019, and we expect a Commission order in the second half of 2019. In Maryland, we're awaiting a Commission decision on our base rate case settlement, which calls for new rates to be in effect later this month. The settlement filed July 31st resolves all, but one issue in the case, and is expected to increase annual revenues by $3.7 million, if approved as filed. The Maryland Commission has approved our application for a five-year extension of our Strategic Infrastructure Development and Enhancement investment plan, or STRIDE, which is our modernization program in the state. In Massachusetts, we have withdrawn our base rate case application, so that we can remain focused on our system rebuild and service restoration efforts in Greater Lawrence. Now let's turn to our Electric Operations on slide 12. As I noted earlier, NIPSCO submitted its 2018 Integrated Resource Plan to the IURC yesterday. The IRP calls for the retirement of nearly 80% of our remaining coal-fired generation capacity in the next five years and all coal generation to be retired within 10 years. The replacement capacity portfolio is still being defined and options point toward lower cost renewable energy resources such as wind, solar and battery storage technology. The plan is consistent with the company's goal to transition to the most economical cleanest electric supply mix available while maintaining reliability diversity and flexibility for future technology and market changes. Also yesterday, we filed an electric base rate case. The request seeks changes to our depreciation schedules related to the early retirements of coal-fired generation plants called for in the IRP as well as changes in tariffs to provide service flexibility for industrial customers as they seek to remain competitive in the global marketplace. It also reflects the impact of federal tax reform. If approved as filed, the request would increase annual revenues by approximately $21 million. And IURC order is anticipated in the third quarter of 2019 with rates effective in September 2019. Investments in our Coal Combustion Residuals capital projects are progressing and expected to be completed by the end of 2018. These projects include environmental upgrades at our generating facilities to meet current EPA standards. In December 2017, the IURC approved the settlement authorizing these projects and recovery of associated costs. We continue to execute on our seven-year electric infrastructure modernization program, which includes enhancements to our electric transmission and distribution system designed to further improve systems safety and reliability. The IURC-approved program represents approximately $1.25 billion of electric infrastructure investments, expected to be made through 2022. A settlement was filed October 25th in our latest tracker update request, which remains pending. It benefits customers with an approximately $14 million base rate refund for the January through May 2018 period, reflecting new federal tax rates. Before we turn to your questions, I'd just like to leave you with some key takeaways about NiSource. Our team is as focused as ever on safety and delivering for our customers across our system. We're executing well on our investment programs and regulatory initiatives and we're managing the impacts of tax reform in a way that sustains our growth plan, maintains all of our financial commitments and provides savings to our customers. We continue to expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings in the range of $1.26 to $1.32 per share, and to complete $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in capital investments in 2018. With our robust investment plans, we continue to expect to grow, both net operating earnings per share and our dividend by 5% to 7%, annually, through 2020, while maintaining our investment grade credit ratings. We expect to provide 2019 earnings guidance on our fourth quarter call and provide an updated look at our long-term business plan in mid-2019. As we work through the weeks ahead, our focus remains on restoring service in Greater Lawrence, and thereafter continuing to support the needs of our customers in the area. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We're now ready to take your questions. Mark?
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning, Joe. Good morning, Don.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning, Paul.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just a quick question. I looked at your second quarter deck and the third quarter, the financing plan slide really hasn't changed with regards to the ATM. I think there's some confusion in the market that this announcement today is incremental to the prior ATM. Can you just clarify if that's not the case?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Paul. Good morning. No, this $200 million, $300 million that we outlined in Q2 is still the plan, the ATM that we filed. The new ATM we filed this morning is consistent with that. As you recall, we had used up all of the previous ATM and needed to file a new one.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then looking at slide 12, that's like the cost estimate on the Lawrence incident. How much of this is covered by insurance or what's not going to be covered by insurance?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: So our insurance coverage is fairly broad to cover this type of event and incident. We got total liability coverage of about $800 million and expect substantially all of these costs to be recovered through the process. However, we did not book a receivable at our September 30th close, because it's early in the process. We really are in Q4, incurring most of these expenses and felt that it was prudent to really get through seeing the claims and the cost before booking a receivable, which we'll do as Q4.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Okay. Thank you very much.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: And Paul, just to clarify slide 12 also includes the capital expenditures related to the system rebuild. Those obviously would not be insurance-related costs.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Understood, understood.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning ,Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, just to clarify the last one real quickly. So when you said substantively all of it would be recoverable from insurance, that's under the additional incident-related expenses of $415 million to $450 million and the $180 million to $210 million?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: That's correct Julien. It's both of those categories really from an accounting perspective and how we need to book show that from an accounting perspective, we put it into two categories around third-party claims and other expenses. But they are all event expenses that we expect to be recovered through insurance.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, excellent. And then just a follow-up on that, in terms of the rate case timing, obviously, withdrawn (00:23:39) it. What's the expectation with respect to going back in Mass, once this is said and done and filing for recovery of whatever you deem appropriate. And then at the same time, how are the rating agencies viewing and how are you viewing your balance sheet given the cash flow timing issues, perhaps related to insurance here.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah, Julien. It's Joe. I'll take the first part. Our focus is on the restoration effort and getting customers back in service. Those are questions for another day related to the ultimate regulatory plan for the investments we've been making.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: From a financing standpoint, obviously, it's a large event that we are financing now. We have significant liquidity to finance this event. However, we are looking at ensuring that we hit our metrics that we've promised at year-end here 2018 and assessing any needs to make sure we hit that. But, again, it's all timing around financing, because we do expect to recover the claims expenses through insurance.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: One quick clarification on capital spend with the IRP, when do you expect to more fully delineate some of the timeline for generation associated with that NIPSCO filing, specific investment (00:25:06).
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. That's a work in progress. Julien, that's one of the areas that we expect to update when we do further look probably mid-2019.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, excellent. Thank you all very much.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Christopher Turnure of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, Joe and Don. You guys clearly talked about the expenses related to the incident in Massachusetts and definitely we appreciate the details there, but is there a way to think about costs that might not directly be related to that and perhaps other parts of the company, or perhaps corporate costs outside of what you've outlined here that could spill into 2019 or future years?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. It's a good question, Chris, and good morning. It's a little early for that. That's the area that we would expect to delineate more in our 2019 guidance on our Q4 call.
Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. But we should assume that there might be some pressure there that wouldn't necessarily be able to be offset by cost discipline in other areas. Is that fair?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: I don't know that, I'd go to that extent. You know we've got work to do to pull all those details together, but I don't see it that way at this point.
Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Okay.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: And I'd say – I'd add that, we don't expect that this changes our long-term guidance of 5% to 7% earnings and dividend growth. As we came out last year committing to flat O&M expense after 2017, and we still expect to be able to meet that commitment.
Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then in Massachusetts specifically clearly out of the gate there were a plenty of negative headlines directed toward the company and I think the DPU even came out with some sort of suspension of work request for you – and since that time, could you characterize how your dialogue has been with both, the political and regulatory community there?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. You recognize some of the issues that we've worked through over the last several weeks since the incident. We worked day-by-day with the leaders in the state and the community and our partners across this to all stay focused on restoration of service to the community and the customers in the community. And I would say that is a very collaborative effort working very closely together. We will have work to do as we get beyond service restoration as well with the ongoing effort to replace some of the equipment that we'll repair immediately. So this has got this has got a longer tail on it than just service restoration and we've, we've made a long-term commitment to rebuild trust and confidence in the community and with the leaders in this state.
Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Would you say that there has been an ongoing dialogue there since the initial incident?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Oh yeah we're, we're day-to-day working very closely together.
Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Insoo Kim - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning.
Insoo Kim - Goldman Sachs: Just on the financing side, it seems like you're leaving some room open for potentially more preferred equity or subordinated debt, is that kind of an option for this as well as next year as a financing vehicle away from additional equity or file ATMs (00:28:54) to support your credit metric guidance for 2019 and 2020?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you. Yes. It was certainly a good transaction, the preferred equity that we did in May, we continue to look at that option as a long-term lower cost way to provide equity content versus issuing common equity. So absolutely. However we will continue to compare that versus issuing through the ATM program as well as regular debt financing.
Insoo Kim - Goldman Sachs: Understood. And then, given what's happened in Massachusetts, do you see as you look forward to the next few years, the mix of your future, CapEx and rate base items, leaning a bit more towards gas versus electric or does that not really change that much?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: So I wouldn't think at this point, the mix is going to change in any significant way. I think we're certainly working through our electric generation plan and we'll be able to provide an update on that in mid-2019. But at this point, I don't see a significant departure from the current mix.
Insoo Kim - Goldman Sachs: Understood. Thank you very much.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good morning. Just...
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Just to clarify better on – you mentioned the rating agency commitments. So, what are some of the options? You mentioned kind of options to make sure you meet them for this year. Is it just kind of timing of your ATM or is it other things that you might do if you need to?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. I really think it's certainly timing if we were to do any type of transaction with equity content, it really is timing to support the restoration efforts in Massachusetts. But the ATM program that we filed as well as if we were to issue any type of preferred or equity content security that would support hitting our metrics at yearend.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: (00:31:27) we're looking at as we evaluate cash flows in metrics.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And as you kind of step back and look at your whole system, are you reviewing kind of timing of replacing pipes or other operational changes kind of more broadly as a company in your other states?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. Steve. We're always reviewing that. It's always a risk-based evaluation. We do that on an ongoing basis. As I noted earlier in the call, we have also reviewed the other profile around low pressure systems and we expect to make some investments along that line of assets as well in the near-future, but we're still working through the details on that and would expect to share more on that in the near-future.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: But, I would add that, if you think about our programs in each state, we'll typically have five- and seven-year commitments around our infrastructure investments. And so, I would not expect a material change state-to-state as we are – do intend to hit those commitments on those programs.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks. Have a good day.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Your line is now open.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning, Shar.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Don, do you have – just around the ongoing O&M expense? I mean, presumably you are doing a lot more inspections through your system given sort of the design failure. Do you have sort of an estimate of what could be ongoing in the near-term at least?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: So, no. That's something that we are evaluating right now as we look at our operations and the needs. Joe, outlined some of the steps that we're taking around low pressure systems and we'll be able to provide more information in the future on that. But at this point, don't expect there to be significant O&M that would change our long-term O&M plan.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Perfect. And then just on Massachusetts. When do you expect sort of everyone to sort of come back to their homes right. And then, again, just remind us how many are still outside of their homes?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. We announced last week a revision to the original schedule that now has the ultimate return between December 2 and December 16, though we work every day to accelerate that schedule and we're still pushing for earlier than those dates with resource redeployment of additional resources bringing in additional contractors. So it's an urgent focus across the entire team to work towards an accelerated return home for those affected customers. It's very disruptive for them. In terms of the number who are out right now, subject to check. I need to look at the most recent, but we have – we provide daily stats on the number of folks that are in alternative housing and a number of folks that are affected by this and still not able to function in their homes normally. So, as we as we sit here today, we've restored about 20% of the affected customers and we work with each of the affected customers to be sure they're accommodated.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Excellent. Okay. Thanks, so much.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Good morning, Joe and Don.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning, Michael.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey. So just to be clear, the equity plan is unchanged essentially going forward, and that includes the expectation for an accelerated capital replacement program that's happening right now in Massachusetts. So that, you know, in other words, there's no additional equity that you think might be needed as a result of accelerating the program.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: That is correct. We executed on this work in Massachusetts. And just think about it from a resource standpoint, we brought a lot of resources over from other states to support this effort in Massachusetts. And so, we did balance out a little bit across the states, so that our overall capital plan doesn't change significantly. There were also I'd say some lower priority corporate and IT initiatives that we delayed that supported not really changing our capital plan and/or our financing need.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. And also for the guidance, the guidance is unchanged for EPS 5% to 7% growth, but is that – are you still also trying to say that you'll be in the middle of that guidance or is there any change or shift in that end of the range?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: For 2018, well, I would say...
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: ...just going forward, the 5% to 7%. Yeah.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. So, 5% to 7%, yeah, I think if you recall in thinking about the range of outcomes for our business, it's primarily driven by our infrastructure programs and 75% of that is tracked. And so, the movement within the range is really around regulatory outcomes and timing of those outcomes, O&M expense and financing costs. So, I think this doesn't change that. This event does not change that from a long-term standpoint.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got you. And has anything changed regarding your plan for an Analyst Day next year, maybe sometime around the end of the first quarter or?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. As I noted on the call earlier, we're now looking at mid-2019 for an Analyst Day, and an update on the longer range plan.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got you. I missed that...
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: That's all right.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman of Morningstar Research. Your line is now open.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc.: Thank you. I certainly admit I haven't looked at the IRP yet that you submitted yesterday, but it appears from your slides that there you're accelerating your coal plant retirements from what you had previously indicated, which is certainly not unique in the industry. Joe, I guess my question is, what drove you to that decision to accelerate coal plant retirements? Was it the more renewable energy or the cost of renewable energy was lower than you thought going into this, was it the discussions with the Commission? Was it just customer feedback, first that. And then I guess related to that is, do you have the ability to downsize your environmental upgrades at Michigan City in Schahfer, because it would appear that you'd be retiring those units earlier than you had originally planned?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, Charles. And thanks for the question. We did as you noted, accelerate relative to the last Integrated Resource Plan, accelerate the plan for coal retirements with now all of the Schahfer stations slated for retirement within the next five years, and the Michigan City unit within 10 years. And it was driven by I would characterize it as all of the factors that you noted, a rigorous economic analysis looking at the long run cost, expected cost of all available sources, including continuing to run the existing assets, providing for environmental retrofits known to comply with current regulations. And then to look at – we ran an RFP earlier in the year that we shared with stakeholders for and all of the above supply portfolio to replace capacity. And when we ran all of that analysis and looked at all of the options, what emerged as the best solution or the most viable solution is the plan that we put out yesterday with the IRP, with that further acceleration of coal retirement. And as we sit here today in expectation that renewables would be the most viable, most economic and cleanest supply portfolio for us. We will continue to evaluate that side of it as we step through time. We'll look at what's available in the marketplace now, and then we'll take another look as we get closer to the timeline of needing to replace capacity across the next 10 years. So, that's an ongoing evaluation. And so the rate case that was also filed yesterday is really designed to complement that Integrated Resource Plan to reset the depreciation rates, to now acknowledge the accelerated retirement plan. And with your last question, you may recall that we filed last year a CPCN and for both the CCR and the ELG, both the coal ash and the water rule compliance and we have proceeded with the CCR, but we'll continue that, because that compliance date is upon us. On the ELG side, the water rule, we'll continue to evaluate that and likely would not make those investments under this plan consistent with what you indicated in your question. So, it's a comprehensive look at all of the options, all of the economics. And coming up with the solution that best fits our expected needs and our customers' supply needs.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc.: So, it sounds like though the IRP is, you're coordinating that what your base rate cases, so there won't be any risk of a stranded investment here, where you recently made some environmental upgrades and you're stuck with the – you're prevented from recovering all of it, correct?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: That's the idea, to get the rate case to set the depreciation rates for the existing assets, so that we can move forward in time with other decisions based on having established that foundation.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc.: Okay. That's all I have. Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you very much.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And we have a follow up from the line Charles Fishman. Your line is now open.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc.: Okay. Well, since nobody else had one let me just pop in one more quick one. You've always included slide, something like slide 14 that shows roughly a 75% of your investments are recovered within 12 months. You had this tracker, I forget was it approved in Ohio or you're proposing it I guess in Ohio, or you reached a settlement? I'm sorry, that includes this new tracker. Would that increase the percentage of investments recovered under trackers, so you'd be going over 75% now?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. That is correct, Charles. That portion of our investment in Ohio typically would have gone through a base rate case. And so now, from the Ohio perspective, almost all of the investments would be recovered through a tracker or a rider.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc.: I mean, in Ohio significant, so it could conceivably be touching 80% of your investments covered by trackers now. Is that – my thinking about that correctly?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: I'd have to look at it. We can get back to you and we'll certain will update that....
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc.: Okay. But I got the...
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: ...once that order is approved. Yeah.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc.: I got the direction right.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yes. Thank you.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey guys, just wanted to follow up here on this IRP just a little bit more detail if you can. Curious, I mean, you have a pretty healthy amount of solar in that IRP, especially even in the near dated years for 2023. How are you thinking about your ability to own that, and do you have any constructs rate basing it, because obviously that has a – could have a potential meaningful impact?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. We are looking at opportunities to own that as well as PPA. When we ran the IRP or the RFP, this summer, bids came in for both, PPA as well as ownership. We're looking at what that opportunities are around ownership, and in firming up those bids. I mean what that structure would be to include that in rate base. So, that will be part of our plan and how we would come out next year to talk about the future investments and generation, but we think certainly opportunity to own.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right. And you would expect that given the 2023 timeline for that IRP that you'd be issuing RFPs in the 2019 and 2020 timeframe to take advantage of IT save (00:45:57)?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: I don't know if we've come out what a date yet on the next RFP, but certainly we would need to likely. I'd say you're probably right, it's probably in the 2021 timeframe to be in place by 2023.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just following up on that. My understanding is legislation in Indiana, I think it was Senate Bill 309 that kind of gives – basically prefers company-owned generation, do I have that right?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Paul, I'm not sure that's right. I'd have to check on that.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: But traditionally.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: I'll circle back.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Traditionally, Indiana has preferred utility ownership for generations.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back to Joe Hamrock, CEO for closing remarks.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you, Mark, and thank you, all again for joining us this morning and for your interest in and support of NiSource. We look forward to talking to you again soon. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. And you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Randy Hulen - NiSource, Inc. Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc. Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.
Analysts: Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to NiSource Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. And I'd like to turn the call to Mr. Randy Hulen, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Randy Hulen - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you, Victor, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to the NiSource second quarter 2018 investor call. Joining me today are Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer; and Donald Brown, Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of today's call is to review the NiSource financial performance for the second quarter of 2018 as well as provide an update on our operations, growth drivers and financing plans. Following our presentation, we'll open the call up to your questions. During this call, we will be referring to supplemental slides that are available on our website at nisource.com. Before turning the call over to Joe and Donald, just a quick reminder; some of the statements made during this conference call will be forward looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. In addition, some of the statements made on this recording relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and additional segment information, including our full financial schedules available at nisource.com. With all that out of the way, I'd like to now turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Randy, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. NiSource's strong momentum continued through the second quarter. Our team further executed on our long-term growth investments and we took steps in the financing arena that enhanced the sustainability of our plan. These steps in response to the new federal tax framework improved our credit metrics and strengthened our balance sheet. They included the $600 million common equity block offering that we discussed on our first quarter call, followed by long-term debt refinancing completed in mid-July, which included issuing $400 million in preferred stock and $350 million in five-year notes with the proceeds used to acquire $760 million of higher coupon notes outstanding. We believe these equity and debt issuances combined with our regulatory strategy, business initiatives and a proactive focus on cost management, have resolved the cash and credit impacts of tax reform. And we remain on pace to deliver on our earnings, capital investments and customer commitments. Let's now turn to slide 3, which outlines some of our key accomplishments thus far in 2018. Our non-GAAP net operating earnings were $0.07 per share in the second quarter versus $0.10 in 2017, which keeps us right on plan to achieving our net operating earnings per share guidance of $1.26 to $1.32 for 2018. We also remain on plan to invest $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in our regulated utility infrastructure in 2018. On the regulatory front, we're awaiting a final order on our gas rate case settlement in Indiana, and just yesterday we filed a settlement in our Maryland rate case. We've also continued to advance settlement discussions in our Massachusetts' base rate case. We continue to execute on our gas modernization programs across our footprint and have applications for a long-term program extensions pending in Indiana and Maryland. In our electric business, we placed our two major transmission projects into service and environmental upgrades are moving forward at our Michigan City and Schahfer generating stations. In addition, we continue to execute on our long-term electric transmission and distribution system modernization program and have received approval of our latest modernization tracker update. Our Integrated Resource Plan stakeholder process continues in Indiana with a robust response to our request for proposals that should provide diverse options to meet our customers' electricity needs for years to come. We continue to target an IRP submission by year's end with the complete generation and regulatory strategy coming together by early next year. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Donald, who will discuss our financial performance and financing plan updates in more detail. Donald?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. As always, the biggest driver of our financial performance continues to be the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investment, supported by solid regulatory outcome and established infrastructure trackers. On slide 4, you'll see our non-GAAP net operating earnings were approximately $26 million or $0.07 per share in the second quarter compared with approximately $33 million or $0.10 per share in the same period of 2017. Through the first half of 2018, our net operating earnings are approximately $286 million or $0.83 per share, putting us right on track to deliver on our guidance commitment for 2018 which is $1.26 to $1.32 per share. Due to financial statement impacts and the timing of federal tax reform implementation, our year-over-year consolidated results can be difficult to compare. However, I would like to highlight the approximately $20 million decrease in operating and maintenance expenses, driven in part by our overall expense management and decreased generation maintenance activities. I expect this trend to continue through the next two quarters, which will exceed our commitment of flat O&M expenses compared with 2017. Let's turn now to the non-GAAP financial results for our business segments. Looking at slide 6, our Gas Distribution Operations segment had operating earnings of about $36 million for the quarter compared with operating earnings of about $54 million in the same period of 2017. Operating earnings excluding the regulated revenue impact of tax reform were up approximately $6.5 million from a year ago, driven primarily by increased infrastructure investment revenues. Our Electric Operations segment, covered on slide 7, reported operating earnings of about $77 million for the quarter, a decrease of about $8 million for the same period of 2017. However, excluding the regulated revenue impact to tax reform, electric segment operating earnings increased by approximately $5 million compared to 2017. This increase is primarily due to higher infrastructure investment revenues and reduced O&M expenses, partially offset by slightly lower industrial usage. As I highlighted earlier, we're making continued progress on managing our annual operating and maintenance expenses, and we now expect our annual O&M expenses to be down approximately 4% in 2018 versus 2017. This progress is beginning to reflect the transformational efforts that strengthen our continuous improvement culture and will continue to enhance the value we deliver for our customers and the sustainability of our long-term plan. Now, turning to slide 8, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of June 30 was about $8.3 billion, of which about $7.6 billion was long-term debt. And the weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 18 years and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.7%. I would note the long-term debt balance today is $550 million lower than on June 30, due to the completion of the make-whole transaction in mid-July, and this puts our current long-term debt balance at approximately $7 billion. At the end of the second quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $2.2 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitizations. I'd now like to turn to some additional details about our financing position and actions, which is covered on slides 9 and 10. As you know, in May we sold approximately 25 million shares of common stock in a private placement with proceeds of approximately $600 million. And in June, we initiated a long-term debt refinancing which included issuing $400 million of preferred stock and $350 million of five-year notes; the proceeds of which were used to acquire certain outstanding notes totaling $760 million through tender offers and redemptions. And these transactions were completed in mid-July. As Joe mentioned at the start of the call, these steps address the cash and credit impacts of federal tax reform, improve our credit metrics and strengthen our balance sheet. And it put us back on track with our previous financing plan to fund our long-term growth investments. This plan includes annual equity in the range of $200 million to $300 million from an ATM program and $35 million to $60 million from our employee stock purchase and other programs. This year's financing activity and execution of our financing plan going forward is expected to enhance our credit profile by strengthening our funds from operations to debt metric to 13% by the end of 2018, and improving to a 14% to 15% range in 2019 and beyond. Now, I'll turn the call back to Joe, who will discuss a few customer, infrastructure investment and regulatory highlights.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you, Donald. Before we jump into our detailed operational and regulatory updates, I'd like to mention a couple items that speak to our progress in other areas. As I've mentioned before, our employees are key to meeting the needs of our customers and communities and creating value for all our stakeholders. To attract and retain the best team, we've strived to be recognized as the best place to work in all of our communities. That's why I'm so pleased that in May, for the third consecutive year, we were recognized by Forbes magazine as one of the top large employers in the country. When we provide the right training and development opportunities for our employees, they are more prepared to serve our customers and company well. To that point, I'm happy to say that we opened another state-of-the-art employee training center in Massachusetts this spring, completing the four centers we announced in 2016. The others are in Ohio, Pennsylvania and Virginia. Now, let's turn to some specific highlights for the second quarter and early third quarter of 2018 from our gas operations on slide 11. The settlement agreement in our gas base rate case remains pending in Indiana, with a decision expected in the third quarter of this year. The settlement supports continued investments in system upgrades and other measures to increase pipeline safety and system reliability. If approved as filed, the settlement is expected to increase annual revenues by approximately $107 million. Also in Indiana, a decision on our application to extend our gas modernization program is expected in the fourth quarter. The filing represents approximately $1.25 billion of gas infrastructure investments through 2025. NIPSCO has invested more than $400 million in the previously approved programs since 2014. The latest tracker update covering approximately $54 million of investments made in the second half of 2017 remains pending before the IURC, with a decision expected in the third quarter. Progress continues in our base rate case in Pennsylvania. Our request filed in March seeks to adjust rates to support continued system upgrades and replacement of natural gas distribution pipelines. The filing also reflects the implementation of tax reform legislation. A Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission order is expected in the fourth quarter of 2018. In Ohio, our application for a capital expenditure program rider is continuing before the commission. A commission ordered audit is well underway and expected to be completed in about a month. Following completion of the audit, a procedural schedule should be established. Also in Ohio, in May new rates went into effect under our current infrastructure modernization tracker, allowing us to begin recovery on approximately $207 million of infrastructure investments made in 2017. In Massachusetts, we continue to make progress on settlement discussions with the attorney general in the base rate case we filed in April. The request supports recovery of operating costs related to federal and state regulatory mandates and capital costs associated with upgrading our gas distribution infrastructure. As originally filed, the proposal would increase annual revenues by about $24 million net of infrastructure trackers. A decision is expected by the end of February. Also in Massachusetts, new rates took effect May 1 under our 2018 Gas System Enhancement Plan, starting recovery of incremental 2018 capital investments of about $84 million. And finally, in Maryland, the commission decision on our base rate case is expected by the end of 2018. As I noted earlier, we filed a settlement agreement yesterday covering all, but one issue in this case. The settlement, if approved, is expected to increase annual revenues by approximately $3.7 million. The Maryland Commission is also considering our application for a five-year extension of our Strategic Infrastructure Development and Enhancement plan or STRIDE, which is our modernization program in the state. Looking ahead, Columbia Gas of Virginia has decided to file a base rate case and expects to file the request with the Virginia State Corporation Commission by August 28. Now, let's turn to our Electric Operations on slide 12. As I mentioned earlier, our two major electric transmission projects went into service in June, culminating a six-year effort and a $600 million investment. The 100-mile, 345-kV Reynolds-Topeka and the 70-mile (sic) [65-mile], 765 kV Greentown-Reynolds line enhance region-wide system reliability, provide environmental benefits by increasing access to wind and solar energy and improved access to lower cost electricity for customers. NIPSCO's 2018 integrated resource planning process continues to advance. The results of our RFP for replacement capacity were reviewed at our recent stakeholder meeting. These results contained a very competitive robust response of 90 proposals totaling more than 20,000 megawatts, with several diverse fuel options. The next step is to fully evaluate all of these options to develop the right portfolio of generation to best serve our Indiana electric customers. Through this process, we are working constructively to develop a balanced plan to meet customers' long-term electric energy needs. Under the last IRP submitted in November 2016, we outlined a plan to retire 50% of our coal-fired generation capacity by 2023, including Bailly Generating Station Units 7 and 8, which were retired on schedule just this May. The 2018 IRP, which is expected to be submitted to the IURC by the end of this year, will contain additional details on NIPSCO's long-term capacity plans. I would also note that as the 2018 IRP comes together, we are planning to file an electric base rate case before the end of the year. The request will focus primarily on addressing the remaining useful life of our current generation assets, treatment of deferred taxes as a result of tax reform and creating a long-term model for generation capacity to best serve our customers. Investments in NIPSCO's Coal Combustion Residuals capital projects are well underway and expected to be completed by the end of 2018. These projects include environmental upgrades at Michigan City Unit 12 and R.M. Schahfer Units 14 and 15 generating facilities. In December 2017, the IURC approved a settlement authorizing these projects and recovery of associated costs. We continue to execute on our seven-year electric infrastructure modernization program, which includes enhancements to our electric transmission and distribution system designed to further improve system safety and reliability. The IURC-approved program represents approximately $1.25 billion of electric infrastructure investments expected to be made through 2022. In May, the IURC approved our tracker update request covering approximately $75 million in investments made from May 2017 through November 2017. Just yesterday we filed our latest request which includes an approximately $14 million base rate refund to customers for the January through May 2018 period, reflecting new federal tax rates. Before we turn to your questions, I'd like to leave you with some key takeaways about NiSource. Our team is executing well on our investment programs and regulatory initiatives and managing the impacts of tax reform in a way that sustains our growth plan, maintains all of our financial commitments and provides savings to our customers. We continue to expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings in the range of $1.26 to $1.32 per share and to complete $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in capital investments in 2018. With our robust investment plans, we continue to expect to grow both net operating earnings per share and our dividend by 5% to 7% annually through 2020, while maintaining our investment-grade credit ratings. As you've heard today, we have a number of significant initiatives in place including our electric generation strategy in Indiana plus rate cases and other regulatory proceedings in several jurisdictions. With most of those expected to be wrapped up or significantly advanced by the end of the year, we'll be in a position to provide you an updated look at our long-term business plan in early 2019. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We're now ready to take your questions. Victor?
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc. You may begin.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Joe, Donald, how are you this morning?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Doing well, Paul. Good morning.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just a couple questions on the O&M front. How should we think about the trajectory post 2018, given that you're now down 4% versus flat and what are the EPS implications for 2018 on that? And then just if you could review what the coupons on the new financings are versus those that were retired?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah, Paul, sure. So we're in our planning process right now, it's a little early to guide something as specific as O&M outlook beyond 2018. That said, the efforts that are underway that we refer to as customer value, drive performance improvements and affordability improvements for our customers. And we're confident that we're on a trajectory that's flat relative to last year, if not, better than that, and look for an update on that as we gear toward the end of the year here, especially as it relates to 2019 guidance and beyond. Let me ask Donald to refer to the financing question.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Hi, Paul. So I think you asked what were the coupons of the refinance debt and the new rate...
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Yes, kind of the relative interest savings here.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. So when you look at what we did, refinanced our maturities in 2019, 2020 and 2022 and they had about an average after tax interest rate of about 4.79%. And then when you look at the new securities between the five-year notes and the perpetual preferred stock, the weighted average after tax interest rate was about 4.36%. So there was absolutely some savings, but not to the same extent as last year because of the preferred notes that we issued to get the equity credit.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And just back on the O&M, we can expect that some of this is going to be sustainable?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Absolutely. Absolutely. I think we are certainly starting to see through our customer value efforts, opportunities in our gas and electric operations as well as on the corporate side. But to Joe's point, it's too early to guide too much into the future, but we're certainly seeing opportunities and starting to realize benefits.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Actually I have a couple of them. So can you rehash a little bit the need for the electric rate case at NIPSCO (24:52) what you anticipate as under-earning or is this being anticipated by future capital investments that may not be in your plan now, but might be in the future plan. And therefore, you want to make sure you get an adequate return and reduce lag as much as possible.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, Michael. Really as noted, it helps us to navigate and position for a number of policy issues, including changes in tax rates; we just filed that notice yesterday with the IURC relative to tax reform, also implementation of the long-term generating strategy as will be laid out in the IRP later this year, all part of a strategy to balance affordability, reliability and risks in our generation portfolio. And an important foundation there is dealing with the remaining useful life of our existing coal assets. So it's a myriad of issues, not specifically an under-earning concern as you alluded to.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And one other question thinking about the IRP process. Do utilities in Indiana, the electric ones, do you submit self-build alternatives or utility-owned alternatives as part of the IRP and RFP process? Or does anything you do have to be contracted via PPA?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: It's really more of an outlook for the type of capacity. We would, in all likelihood, follow with the CPC and outline, whether it's a self-build or a PPA or some combination of those two. So it's a bit less precise or less prescriptive regarding the form of the capacity in terms of whether it's contracted or owned. But we'll certainly look at all of those options including self-build as we evaluate all of the plans for the 20-year horizon we're planning for.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Last one just on kind of the thought about renewables or other types of generation. But when I think about Indiana as a state and I look at the state kind of generating capacity and not just for your service territory, but everyone's, Indiana relative to some of its neighbors especially to the west of you, has very little wind or solar capacity. Is that a resource issue, meaning that the resource qualification in Indiana is weaker than maybe in Southern Illinois or in other places? Or is that simply just due to a supply and demand issue and a little bit slower movement in kind of retrofitting the generation fleet over time?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah, it's a great question and it's probably a bit of all of the above. If you look at the energy cost profile, you're certainly going to want to be where the wind blows more frequently and the sun shines more hours of the year. So that's not always the only driver, RPS mandates can drive that as well. So it's a little hard to answer that with one of those factors being the driver. All of that said, that's why we did the RFP as a part of the IRP process, so that we could get an up-close look at what's available to us both in Indiana and outside in the MISO region. And we just shared a high level review of those results with the stakeholders last week or a week or so ago. So I think we're getting a really robust picture of that that we'll continue to evaluate and update in the upcoming IRP stakeholder meetings.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you, Joe. Much appreciate it.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Michael. Have a great day.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein from Credit Suisse. You may begin.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning, Michael.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey. So when the IRP is filed, that, what you said was going to be around early 2019 you think you'll be ready?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: IRP will be early in November; we expect it to be in November.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: November?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yes.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And what are you saying for the first quarter or early 2019, are you planning on an Investor Day at that point to talk about it or are we going to have – yeah.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah, date to be determined. We expect to be in a position to do an Investor Day and an update on our long-range outlook sometime in the first quarter ideally. So that – all of that comes together as well as other factors in our planning process that will give us much greater visibility and clarity after the IRP and the planning process that we're in, and work with our board that we do in January. So, sometime in the first quarter is what we expect.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Would you expect to have some kind of resolution in the electric rate case by that point or if some – maybe does that to be resolved before you do that?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: No. No. As I said earlier, the rate case is really more of a policy matter to set the foundation. One of the key areas on the generation side is the remaining useful life. That doesn't have to be resolved per se for us to provide that guidance. That'd be a nice thing to have, but it's not what we would expect.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Hey. One last question here. The adjusted FFO to total debt ratio is expected to improve 14% to 15% range 2019, 2020. What's the major driver of that? Is that, of the cash flow improvement, is that debt reduction that's improving that ratio, or is it more from cost savings and O&M as discussed earlier, or is it something else?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. It's really our earnings. If you think about our program, we're investing $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion a year that drives earnings and cash flows. And so, over time, our FFO to debt metric was going to improve anyway. So we don't need to necessarily do any other significant refinancing in our program. It just really does get us back on track including the $200 million to $300 million of equity through an ATM program.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI. You may begin.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning, team. It's actually Durgesh on for Greg.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning. I have two questions. First on the quarter for Donald. The revenue reserve that was booked, Donald, does that go – like in other words, was that a one-time charge and does that hit the bottom line or is that an offsetting income tax expense? Just trying to understand the quarter-over-quarter EPS drivers and that one sort of (31:58) for me.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. So, we started the revenue reserves really in the first quarter. And so, there's not – if you think about seven jurisdictions and most of our jurisdictions did require us to reserve the difference in the tariff rate between the 35% and the 21%. So that happens throughout the year. When you look at year-over-year and the impact of tax reform, there is some quarterly impact regarding how our pre-tax earnings on a quarter-to-quarter basis are impacted by the lower tax rate this year versus last year. But over the course of a year, it all evens out. Randy, you want to give a little bit more detail?
Randy Hulen - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. Basically, you book the impact of tax reform on your revenues based on your revenue curve, Durgesh, and you book the benefit of taxes based on your pre-tax income curve. And at the end of the year they converge, it will be a net zero on a regulated basis. But sometimes in the smaller quarters, it can throw off a bit of a variance. So we're seeing a little bit of that timing. In fact, if you add the impact of tax reform that we outlined in our slides, together it's about $37 million of negative impact on regulated revenues. And on the income tax benefit side, you're only seeing, give or take, about half of that flow through. So it is putting a little bit of pressure on the quarterly number.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: I see. But throughout the course of the year we should expect that $37 million versus $18 million where the difference is to be more or less close to zero?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yes. That's right.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Correct.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: And then once we get into 2019, you would not see that difference because you'd be back on a period where the tax rates are the same.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Perfect. Thanks for that. And then just high level sort of your long-term guidance question for the team. So given that now that you've completed your sort of the – your credit improvement initiatives, the equity, the refinancing, and then you obviously reaffirmed your CapEx plan, so where are you in that 5% to 7% long-term EPS growth range? In the last call, I believe, you might have stated that you have the ability to hit the high end. So given where you are now, what are your chances of hitting the high end of that long-term EPS growth range?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. Nothing has changed. I think it's where we did reaffirm our guidance for the full range. It's too early to narrow that range with the number of moving parts with our regulatory initiatives, both base rate cases and some of our tracker programs, and then almost half a year of our operating programs. But we've got confidence that we can hit the top end of the range and we'll be able to provide more information through at our next earnings call.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Perfect. Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Durgesh.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Peters from Wolfe Research. You may begin. Your line maybe on mute. All right, we have no further questions at this time. I'd now like to turn the call back to Joe Hamrock, for closing remarks.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you, Victor, and thanks again to everybody for participating today and for your continued interest in and support of NiSource. Have a great day. We look forward to talking to you soon. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randy Hulen - NiSource, Inc. Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc. Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc. Shawn Anderson - NiSource, Inc.
Analysts: Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Management & Research Co. Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to NiSource First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode to prevent background noise. We will have a question-and-answer session later, and the instructions will follow at that time, and as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Now, it's my pleasure to turn the call to Mr. Randy Hulen, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Randy Hulen - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you, Carmen. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the NiSource quarterly investor call. Joining me this morning are Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer; and Donald Brown, Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of today's call is to review NiSource's financial performance for the first quarter of 2018 as well as provide an update on our operations, growth drivers, and financing plans. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call to your questions. During this call, we will be referring to our supplemental earnings slides. These slides are available on nisource.com. Before turning the call over to Joe and Donald, just a quick reminder. Some of the statements made during this conference call will be forward looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. In addition, some of the statements made on this call relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and additional segment information which includes our full financial schedules available at nisource.com. With all that out of the way, I'd like to now turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. NiSource had a strong start to 2018 as our team continues to execute on our well-established plan that's creating value for our customers, communities, and investors. We're getting clarity on the regulatory implementation of federal tax reform, and we're on pace to deliver on the earnings, capital investment, and customer commitments we made for 2018. There's much to cover, so let's jump right in and look at slide 3, which outlines some of our key accomplishments thus far in 2018. We delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of $0.77 per share versus $0.71 in 2017, which slightly exceeds Street expectations of about $0.76. This strong start to the year has NiSource on track to deliver per share net operating earnings within our $1.26 to $1.32 guidance range for 2018. We also remain on plan to invest $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in our utility infrastructure in 2018. Beyond the first quarter financial results, our teams are also executing on a robust regulatory agenda including reaching a settlement in our Indiana Gas base rate case as well as filing base rate cases in Maryland, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania. Additionally, the team executed on yet another year of modernization program tracker filings, which ensure continued timely recovery of infrastructure investments. Regulators also approved the long-term extension of our largest gas modernization program, which is in Ohio, and extensions of similar programs are pending in Indiana and Maryland. In our electric business, we've initiated the latest Integrated Resource Plan process with stakeholders in Indiana, and we continue to execute on our long-term electric transmission and distribution system modernization program. Environmental upgrades are well under way at our Michigan City and Schahfer generating stations, and our two major transmission projects are nearly complete with expected in-service dates for later this year. With respect to federal tax reform, the benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act are beginning to flow to our customers. We've used lower tax rates to help offset our revenue (00:04:41) increase request in the Indiana, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Massachusetts base rate cases as well as the annual tracker update in Ohio's gas infrastructure replacement program. And we're engaged with regulators and stakeholders across all our jurisdictions to manage and implement a balanced approach to providing these benefits to customers. With this clarity emerging around the regulatory implementation of tax reform, we're able to effectively manage the cash impacts from these outcomes as well as through business initiatives and cash management. As you likely saw in a separate press release this morning, we've announced a common equity block offering of approximately $600 million. This offering completely resolves any credit and negative cash impacts of tax reform, and we have no plans for additional common equity block offerings through our planning horizon. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Donald who will discuss our financial performance and financing plan updates in more detail. Donald.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Joe, and hello, everyone. Moving on to our results in slide 4, we delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $260 million or $0.77 per share in the first quarter compared with about $231 million or $0.71 per share in the same period of 2017. The biggest driver of our strong financial performance continues to be the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investments, supported by solid regulatory outcomes and established infrastructure trackers. Slide 5 demonstrates the effects of tax reform on our consolidated results. Our net revenues were down about $48 million, primarily due to regulatory revenue reserves as a result of lower tax rates set by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. This decline was offset by a decrease in the consolidated income taxes. Let's turn now to the non-GAAP financial results for our business segment. Our gas distribution operations segment had operating earnings of about $320 million for the quarter compared with operating earnings of about $362 million in the same period of 2017. As slide 6 depicts, operating earnings excluding the impact of the tax reform reserve, which is offset in consolidated income taxes, was a quarter-over-quarter increase of nearly $6 million. Our electric operations segment covered on slide 7 reported operating earnings of about $86 million for the quarter, an increase of about $1 million from the same period of 2017. Once again, excluding the impact of the regulated revenue reserve for tax reform, the electric segment operating earnings increased by approximately $14 million over 2017. This increase was driven by higher revenues from infrastructure investment and lower operating expenses. We're also making significant progress on flattening our operating and maintenance expenses, which has been an area of focus for us. Keeping our service affordable for our customers is a priority. And we've launched an internal effort to make process improvement and find efficiencies to better manage our expenses and enhance customer value. Now, turning to slide 8, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of March 31 was about $9 billion, of which about $7.4 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity in our long-term debt was approximately 18 years, and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.8%, which is more than 100 basis points lower than in our 2015 separation. This reduced cost of capital will help provide long-term sustainability to our infrastructure investment programs. At the end of the first quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $800 million, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitizations. And on April 18, we added a very cost effective $600 million term loan that expires within 12 months to ensure ample liquidity through the time period for this equity offering and as we manage through the remaining cash impacts of tax reform. I'd now like to turn to some additional details about our common equity block offering, which is covered on slides 9 and 10. As you may have seen already, this morning, we announced that we entered into an agreement to issue and sell nearly 25 million shares of common stock in a private placement to select institutional and accredited investors for net proceeds of approximately $600 million. This common equity block issuance is designed to completely resolve the cash impact of tax reform and puts us back on track with our previous financing plan to fund our long-term growth investments. With this equity issuance, we currently have no planned additional common equity block issuance in 2018, 2019 or 2020. Other annual equity news through 2020 are expected to remain consistent with our previous financing plan, which includes a range of $200 million to $300 million from an ATM program and $35 million to $60 million from our employee stock purchase and other programs. We expect to supplement these equity issuances with incremental debt, preferred equity or non-convertible subordinated long-term debt that provides equity content with the credit rating agencies. As illustrated on slide 10, the recently completed equity transaction uplifts our credit profile by strengthening our funds from operations debt metric to 13% by the end of 2018 and improving to a 14% to 15% range in 2019 and beyond. This puts us back on the trajectory of strengthening our balance sheet to ensure access to low cost capital going forward. Now, I'll turn the call back to Joe who will discuss a few customer, infrastructure investment, and regulatory highlights.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks for that update, Donald. Now, let's turn to some specific highlights for the first quarter and early second quarter of 2018 from our gas operations on slide 11. We filed a settlement agreement in our pending gas base rate case in Indiana. The proposal supports continued investments in system upgrades and other measures to increase pipeline safety and system reliability. And it incorporates the impact of tax reform, which reduces the original increase request. If approved as filed, the settlement is expected to increase annual revenues by approximately $107 million. An IURC order is expected in the second half of this year. Also in Indiana, we filed an application to extend our gas modernization program. The filing represents approximately $1.25 billion of gas infrastructure investments through 2025. The well-established program allows for modernization of underground natural gas infrastructure and recovery of associated costs through a tracker. NIPSCO has invested more than $400 million in the previously approved programs since 2014. An IURC order on the new seven-year plan is expected in the second half of 2018. On February 27, NIPSCO also filed its latest tracker update, covering approximately $78 million of investments made in the second half of 2017 with expected recovery to begin in July. In Pennsylvania, we filed a base rate case in March ,seeking to adjust rates to support continued system upgrades and replacement of underground natural gas distribution pipelines. The filing reflects the implementation of tax reform legislation. If approved as filed, the request would allow for enhanced pipeline safety through a number of initiatives and would increase annual revenues by nearly $47 million. An order from the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission is expected in the fourth quarter of 2018. In Ohio, the Public Utilities Commission in January approved the five-year extension of our infrastructure replacement program. This well-established pipeline replacement program covers replacement of priority mainline pipe and targeted customer service lines. And just last week, the commission approved the annual tracker adjustment case, which allows us to begin recovery on approximately $207 million of infrastructure investments made in 2017. We've incorporated the impact of federal tax reform into this case, and it allows for a slight reduction in rates customers pay under this tracker. Also in Ohio, our application for a capital expenditure program rider, which would allow us to begin recovering deferred capital investments made since 2011 that are not currently recovered under the existing infrastructure modernization tracker, remains pending with the commission. We're awaiting a procedural schedule in this case. In Massachusetts, we filed a request with the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities, seeking authorization to increase base rates to recover operating costs associated with federal and state regulatory mandates and capital costs associated with upgrading our gas distribution infrastructure. If approved as filed, the request would increase annual revenues by about $24 million net of infrastructure trackers. A DPU decision is expected by February 28, 2019. Also in Massachusetts, we received approval of our 2018 Gas System Enhancement Plan. Our annual application authorizes recovery of incremental 2018 capital investments of about $84 million, and new rates took effect on May 1. And in Maryland, we filed a base rate case with the Public Service Commission, seeking to adjust rates for distribution service so we can continue to replace aging gas pipeline and adopt pipeline safety upgrades. The proposal also reflects reduced corporate tax rate under the federal Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. If approved as filed, the rate adjustments would result in an annual revenue increase of approximately $6 million. A PSC order is expected by the end of 2018. Now, let's turn to our electric operations on slide 12. NIPSCO initiated its 2018 integrated resource plan process with the stakeholders meeting in March. Through this process, we are working constructively to develop a balanced plan to meet customers' long-term electric energy needs. Under the last IRP submitted in November 2016, we outlined the plan to retire 50% of our coal-fired generation fleet by the end of 2023 including Bailly Generating Station Units 7 and 8, which are expected to be retired on schedule this month. The 2018 IRP, which is expected to be submitted to the IURC by the end of this year, will contain additional details on NIPSCO's long-term capacity plans. Investments in NIPSCO's Coal Combustion Residuals projects are well under way and expected to be completed by the end of 2018 at a total cost of approximately $193 million. These projects include environmental upgrades at Michigan City Unit 12 and R.M. Schaefer Units 14 and 15 generating facilities. In December 2017, the IURC approved the settlement authorizing these projects and recovery of associated costs. We continue to execute on our seven-year electric infrastructure modernization program in Indiana, which includes enhancements to our electric transmission and distribution system designed to further improve system safety and reliability. The IURC approved program represents approximately $1.25 billion of electric infrastructure investments expected to be made through 2022. The latest tracker update request filed on January 30, 2018 and covering approximately $75 million in investments made from May 2017 through November 2017 remains pending before the IURC. Our two major electric transmission projects remain on schedule and are expected to be complete by mid-2018. The 100-mile 345-kV and 65-mile 765-kV projects are designed to enhance region-wide system flexibility and reliability. As we wrap up, just some key takeaways about NiSource. I'm proud of the team's execution through these early months of 2018. The first few weeks of January were the coldest in our service footprint since the polar vortex years of 2014 and 2015 with sub-zero temperatures in some areas. We served new peak demand for gas in Massachusetts and in Virginia. Our strong winter preparation activities combined with our prudent capital investments ensured that our systems performed well for our customers. I'm also proud of our team's work in resolving the impacts of tax reform in a way that maintains all of our financial commitments and enhances the sustainability of our plan going forward due to the savings our customers will enjoy. If you'd like even more detail about our sustainability focus, I encourage you to check out our second integrated annual report, which we published last month and is available at nisource.com. NiSource continues to create value across a set of operational, social, and financial performance factors, and we're more confident than ever that our well-established customer-focused business strategy is sustainable for many years to come. For 2018, we continue to expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings in the range of $1.26 to $1.32 per share and to complete $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in capital investments. We remain on track to execute against our more than $30 billion in identified long-term investment opportunities. With our robust investment plans, we continue to expect to grow both operating earnings and our dividend by 5% to 7% annually through 2020 while maintaining our investment grade credit ratings. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. Now, let's open the call up to your questions. Carmen?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning, Paul.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Congratulations on a solid quarter and your continued regulatory traction. Just had a couple questions. The IRP, is there a chance that we could see some more retirements announced?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Everything is on the table in the IRP just inherently in the way we look at it. I don't know that we'd see more retirements announced, but we revisit the timing of all of the capacity planning, both retirements and new capacity as we look at that profile. So, watch that space across the year. We are putting information on the NIPSCO website that is part of the stakeholder engagement and that will show the full range of scenarios that we're evaluating and discussing with our stakeholders.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then just a clarification, when you talk about flattening O&M, is that untracked O&M or is that the absolute O&M line?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: When we say that we refer to the untracked O&M, the tracked O&M can move about in time, but we're really actively manage the non-tracked O&M.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then do you have a sense of how many investors were in the private placement group?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yes, the transaction is complete, and there were six investors participated.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much, guys.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Paul. Thanks for the call.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Congratulations. So, perhaps first question here, can you clarify just as you think about your 5% to 7% in the long-term trajectory here, how you might mitigate some of the sort of transient factors, the incremental dilution from the private placement on 2019 and the back half of 2018 specifically? Obviously, you have some various moving factors on the rate case as well. To what extent is cost management going to try to address some of these timing issues, if you will?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Julien, for the question. So, we think about our earnings and I think what we've tried to consistently say is regulatory outcome is typically the biggest, has the biggest impact on our earnings year to year, and then it's financing, and then it's O&M. And so, when you think about our earnings this year and going forward, it's all of those levers that we're looking at. In terms of what the outcomes and timing of those regulatory outcomes within the mix, certainly O&M has been a focus of ours here this last year, and you can see it in our results even in the first quarter around flat O&M. So, that is a lever that we are managing to make sure that we're meeting our commitments around reliability and safety and service but at the same time, where there is opportunities to manage our expenses to hit our earnings that is also a lever that we will and have pulled in the past. And then obviously, around the financing plan, we thought it was good to get out here early on the equity, certainly thought that there was a little overhang in our stock because of the tax reform and the impact on our cash flows. We had significant interest from investors who were anticipating the need for equity, and so we had some calls from some of our largest investors to issue equity, so we thought it was just really good once we had the clarity around our regulatory programs, the timing of the passback of the tax savings as well as the capabilities of our O&M program and those levers to go out now and get that done for the year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right. But just to clarify, it sounds like you guys have been anticipating the equity raise the middle part of this year, and you wouldn't necessarily expect any kind of real deviation from your historic earnings growth track record even to this very short-term period here as you suggest (00:25:36), right?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: No. No. That's right. Yeah, we've always said it is – we think that through our programs, we've got the ability to hit the high end of that range, and this does not change that our expectations on our capabilities to hit that high end of the range.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right. And similarly, I didn't hear it in the call per se, but with respect to the tax reform outcome you did achieve recently in the settlement, this isn't necessarily materially different from what you were kind of earlier expecting for 2018 cash flows from an FFO to debt perspective.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Are you referring to the NIPSCO settlement?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, exactly. I'll let you respond.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. No, absolutely. Actually, it was a very favorable outcome in terms of the passback of the excess deferred taxes, that doesn't start until 2020. And so, that was a positive upside for us from a cash flow perspective. I think as you look at the other rate cases that we filed in Pennsylvania and in Massachusetts, in Maryland, and we've gotten orders to pass back those savings upon the rates going effect on those base rate cases. And so, we've had some positive timing around both the rate cases, the NIPSCO settlement as well as the rate cases that we filed.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. All right. Fair enough. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Gordon Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Very clear and frankly, the majority of my questions have been answered. On page 9, you have TBD in the columns for non-convertible subordinated debt or preferred equity. You said that you're sort of completely done with the common equity portion of the tax offset program. But is the implication here that there's just a tad more work to do on the credit metrics just to nudge them into the range and that you'll get there through sort of those – on the margin through those activities?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. I think, we really look at the non-convertible debt or preferred equity as having some flexibility to make sure we're in the range, do it in a way that provides flexibility versus doing common equity including the ATM program, and so looking at really what's the all-in cost of doing those type of securities versus equity or debt and since you get equity content on those securities, really trying to understand what the value is there. So, that's (00:28:43).
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Okay. Great. And then you're still confident when you restack everything with the – just to ask Julien's question a little bit more succinctly, net of the dilution from higher share count or preferred or debt costs, you still feel pretty comfortable that you have levers to pull to be at the high end of the 5% to 7% earnings guidance range on average over time.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Absolutely. Again, the regulatory outcomes typically are the biggest driver, and that hasn't changed. Our strategy hasn't changed, and those programs haven't changed. And so, we're confident that we can hit the top end of the range.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Take care.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, guys. This is Mike Weinstein.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey. A quick question for you. What other cash flow measures do you think you need to accomplish now that you have settlements or outcomes in Indiana and Ohio in order to mitigate the impact of the tax reform?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: We're looking at everything. Obviously, FFO matters for us. And so, we're looking at all of our regulatory programs, and we're staying in touch with our teams there that are managing those rate cases. Otherwise, O&M is probably the next biggest driver around FFO, and it's something that we're obviously managing pretty closely.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: So, at this point, it's really more about O&M than it is about getting additional regulatory, I guess, settlements, right, in terms of improving cash flow.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah, that's right. If you think about the timing of those rate cases, potentially, you have settlements in Q4, Q3 or Q4. Any cash from those I would absolutely take. But they are going to be less material than our overall O&M program.
Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Christopher Turnure with JPMorgan.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Most of my questions have been answered as well, but I wanted to ask on the private placement. Is that a kind of straight common issuance here where it will dilute you right away or is there any forward component of that?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: No, it is a straight common issuance. There is no forward component.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then when we look at your $200 million to $300 million per year plan of internal and ATM equity issuance, you're pretty well into that through the first quarter already. Can we think about you kind of hitting the top end of that range both this year and next year? And then, I guess, kind of the same question for you on the CapEx numbers for the next two to three years within the range.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Again, so, on the ATM program, as you see on that slide, we've done $170 million already. We did a forward contract in Q4 for about $170 million, and so we will execute that this year. We'll look at it and, I think, the reason I like that ATM program is it does provide the flexibility around the financing needs in hitting our metrics. I think it's too early to say if we would use more than the $170 million this year or next year. I think it's just too early, but it gives us that flexibility to make sure that we're above the 13% by the end of this year. And next year, we'll see kind of where we are, but it will be in that range. And again...
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: And again, part of that comes out of our regulatory outcomes that in terms of the base rate cases, in particular around where cash flows are and the passback of those excess deferred taxes, that will push it to the lower end or the higher end of that range, of the $200 million to $300 million.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then just on the CapEx side, are you guys kind of coming into these years with a assumption that you need to be at the lower end of the CapEx ranges to have that kind of balance sheet flexibility or room to make those expenditures?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: No, not at all. I think our range is pretty tight at this point. We don't expect that to change. And if you think about the CapEx and impact on FFO, it has a much smaller impact than our regulatory programs or O&M programs.
Christopher James Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. A couple of questions actually, a little bit of housekeeping stuff. First, can you remind us what kind or what level of a cash taxpayer you are in 2018 and then kind of going forward, meaning NOL balances and potential offsets to cash taxes?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. So, we continue to have NOLs and even with the tax reform act, we will not be cash taxpayer, and our NOL will expire until about 2026.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: So, over the next few years, we still won't be a cash taxpayer.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. So, long-term sizable NOL benefit, that's a source of cash. So, as earnings grow, that kind of source of cash rises a little bit in lockstep with earnings growth.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: That's correct.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Second, in the NIPSCO Gas settlement, I want to make sure I understand that. First of all, is that all a one-year uplift in revenue or is that spread out, that $107 million, spread out over a couple of years? And does all that drop to the bottom line after tax or is there a higher D&A rate coming or is there a higher tracked O&M coming that – or even untracked O&M that might offset that?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yes, so there is actually three steps in that rate case settlement, starting it in October this year at $86.5 million annualized, and then it rises to $107 million by 2020. A big component of that rate case was depreciation. It was about $63 million of depreciation. And so, if you net that $107 million and the $63 million, that's really your earnings or margin pickup. There is no O&M component additional to that. That was really already baked into our historic results and current year plan.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. So, in other words, the $63 million of D&A, that's not D&A you booked or you showed on your income statements in 2017. That's a higher D&A rate or a higher D&A amount that will kick when the new rates go into effect.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yes, that is correct. Absolutely.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And then last thing, just thinking about the NIPSCO Gas investment program, the $1.25 billion over, I think, it's seven years, can you remind us, is that an uptick from the last gas investment program?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah, it was about $800 million previously.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated and congrats on a good quarter.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Carrie Saint Louis with Fidelity.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Management & Research Co.: Hi. Good morning.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning, Carrie.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Management & Research Co.: Thanks so much for being proactive with the new funding plan and the equity issuance. I just wanted to ask a little bit more about your financing. So, the expectation and I think I see this on slide 9 is that this year, if I add up all the sources of equity, it should be closer to about a $1 billion?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Well, so there's $600 million. We've already done – we did $600 million as of yesterday plus the $170 million, so we're at $770 million ...
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Management & Research Co.: Yeah.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: ...for the year, but with, we'll look at again through the balance of the year whether we tap more into the ATM program.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Management & Research Co.: Okay.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: But you're looking at an additional $130 million or so that...
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Management & Research Co.: Okay. And then the other benefit programs on top of that?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: That's correct.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Management & Research Co.: Okay. And then the latter two programs continue on an annual basis in that $200 million to $300 million and $35 million to $60 million range.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: That's correct.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Management & Research Co.: Okay. And then when I'm looking at your incremental long-term debt, the zero to $300 million for 2018, I don't see any maturities on right now on Bloomberg, but I forget if you've had some in the first part of the year. So, the total debt issuance for the year, could you just remind me what that number is going to look like?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: It will be in the range – again, we're looking at both long-term debt as well as the non-convertible subordinated debt to see what's the best value for us to help finance the balance of this year, so it would be somewhere in that range. But this equity block as well as the ATM already helped finance a lot of this year.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Management & Research Co.: Okay. But I guess, what I'm saying is that's new debt, so it doesn't include the refinancing, but you're saying that's going to be $300 million of either debt or I'm assuming what you're suggesting is hybrids.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: That's correct. That's correct.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Management & Research Co.: Okay.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: We had a maturity in Q1 of about $200 million, a little over $200 million.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Management & Research Co.: Okay. So, then the amount might be $500 million if I include that in there?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yes.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Management & Research Co.: Okay. That's what I was kind of getting at. And then just can you walk through your use of commercial paper? So, the $1 billion, it looks like you had about $1 billion of CP issued. Is that a level you're comfortable with, knowing that short-term rates have risen quickly, like what's your current ongoing thesis about using short-term debt? And is there any ability to try to get the Fitch rating up from an F3?
Shawn Anderson - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, Carrie. This is Shawn Anderson. Great question and I appreciate that. That is a question we've been discussing with Fitch, and we will continue to have that conversation. So, more to come on that hopefully this year. And in terms of use of commercial paper, that $1 billion mark is a pretty good bogey for us on a month-by-month basis. The term loan that we agreed into in April will actually provide a little bit of flexibility for us to toggle between the two. But when you think of those together, that $1 billion mark is pretty close to what you expect us to be at.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Management & Research Co.: Okay. Again, that term loan, so is it fully drawn at this point?
Shawn Anderson - NiSource, Inc.: It is not. It has a delayed draw feature. We drew $150 million at close, which we in turn paid down commercial paper, and then have the balance, $450 million, that we have at our discretion over the next 364 days.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Management & Research Co.: Okay. Yeah. So, 364 days is our option to extend or it's just a hard maturity.
Shawn Anderson - NiSource, Inc.: Hard maturity.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Management & Research Co.: Okay. Great.
Shawn Anderson - NiSource, Inc.: And again, we would think of those almost the same as the commercial paper program itself. The rates are almost identical to what we were getting in the market. In fact, we had some favorability at some point throughout the rise in the interest rate environment.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Management & Research Co.: Great. And again, going back to – I appreciate – again, I should thank you very much for the slides. I appreciate the color on the FFO levels and your FFO to debt target. So, obviously, coming in and proactively issuing this equity suggests that you are committed to kind of defending these current ratings, mid and high BBB credit quality, even if unexpected kind of things arise like tax reform. Is that kind of the thinking that I should have going forward?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: That's right. I think last quarter, we were pretty explicit that we were anticipating and expecting to maintain these ratings, and we were going to do what was possible, anything possible to maintain these current ratings.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Management & Research Co.: And so, let me just ask the last question on is it the more the rating or the numbers that you are focused on like hopefully, you get – I mean, the 15% would really be a good strong number, I think, to kind of be in that category? Is that where you're kind of more gearing yourself towards?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah, from discussions with the agencies, they want us to be in that 14% to 15% range for our current ratings, and that's what we're targeting with our financing plans.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Management & Research Co.: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Carrie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Hi. Just curious, any kind of high-level strategic takeaway from the Vectren transaction that recently got announced?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Steve. Good morning. I won't comment or speculate on market activity, Vectren or otherwise. We've had and we'll continue to have a disciplined approach to growing shareholder value, and that's really evidenced by our long-term capital investment programs and the sustained growth outlook that we're reiterating here today, and the current focus remains on those programs and the $30 billion of identified investments that we're executing on.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then just following Carrie's question, just from a rating agency standpoint, they affirm kind of with the statement that you would essentially take any actions to fill in the gap, so to speak, from tax reform. And so, are you very comfortable that this is sufficient for what they had expected from you?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: No, I am – we've had regular consistent conversations with the agencies about our plan this year, our financing plan and understanding their expectations for the metrics that they want us to hit. I think that was evident with us staying off the Moody's negative watch list, that they were comfortable with our plan. Shawn had conversations with the agencies last week as well as yesterday to update them on the equity transaction. So, I think we're right on where we want to be and are hitting their expectations.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC: Hey, Joe. How are you?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good.
Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC: Just have two quick follow-ups hopefully. First and I don't mean to beat a dead horse here, but, Donald, just curious, on the ATM, I see, obviously, on slide 9, you referenced the $170 million. I just want to be clear about that though. You have yet to receive that cash or issue those shares, right?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: That is correct. It was a forward contract, and we have not received that cash yet.
Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And because it's forward because you went out and borrowed and sort of did that on a forward agreement, do those get the dividends in the interim? Do you have to double cover?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yes, they do. They do repeat the dividends.
Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Okay. And then finally, with the placement, I guess, it was yesterday, so that placement missed this quarter's dividend. Is that correct or were those...
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Of course.
Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot, guys. Really appreciate the time.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: And our next question is from Charles Fishman with Morningstar Research.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Hi. Thanks. Hey. Good job on slide 6 and 7, showing the impact of tax reform on each of the segments. I like that. Was there an implied ROE on the recent NIPSCO Gas base rate case?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: 9.85%, Charles.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. And then just one other regulatory question in Ohio. You've gone almost six months now and without getting a procedural schedule on the recovery of the non-IRP tracker investments. I also noticed the request is almost doubled. I assume that's just because of the delay. Is there pushback on that or why is it taking so long just to get a procedural schedule?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: No pushback. I wouldn't raise that concern. It's really a new, novel, if you will, approach to recovering those deferred investments. The commission has now requested an assignment of an auditor to look at the underlying costs, and so there's progress on it. If not a procedural schedule, there's progress there. We still remain confident in resolution of that filing late this year.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): And the revenue that's doubling, that's just because of the delay?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: That's just annualizing the number.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. Got it. That's all I have. Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Andy Levi with Avon Capital.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning, Andy.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning, Andy.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Glad you got the equity done. So, just to make sure I got my share count right based on kind of Carrie's questions, answers, and kind of what you've done already, so I guess, we're adding about – if we take last year's year-end number, about 50 million shares, give or take 1 million or 2 million shares. Is that kind of how to think about it?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: No, the equity issuance we completed yesterday was 25 million shares.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: No. No. No. What I was saying, at the end of the year, based on what you're going to do at the money, the $170 million that still has to be drawn, et cetera, et cetera, by the end of 2018, it will be about 50 million additional shares? And then...
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah, I'd say it's probably closer to 35 million share, so we...
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Can you walk us through that then because...
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah, so through the ATM... (00:48:58)
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Not average shares. I'm not talking about average shares. I'm talking about actual shares. Maybe I'm wrong. If you can just walk us through that, that would be great. I want to get that right. It's important.
Shawn Anderson - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning. This is Shawn. So, the private placement that was discussed that commenced yesterday is approximately 25 million shares.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Okay.
Shawn Anderson - NiSource, Inc.: The $170 million that's cited as part of the at the market program has an aggregate of 6.3 million shares.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Okay. So...
Shawn Anderson - NiSource, Inc.: Right just north of that 30 million share mark.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Okay.
Shawn Anderson - NiSource, Inc.: Obviously, the stock price had a different value during that forward construct.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Okay.
Shawn Anderson - NiSource, Inc.: ... where it was to-date. So, that helped pick up some of the difference that you might be accounting for there. And then to Donald's point, at maximum, would be potentially another $130 million. Those obviously haven't been priced and haven't been contemplated. So, that would be where your bogey would be beyond that.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Okay. So, it's like $31 million plus the $130 million divided, I don't know, we'll use 24 for a better way, hopefully, it's better price. So, that's $36 million, okay? And then that's all, whether it's at the money, forward that you've already done, the shares that you issued, it's 36 million shares, and that totals how much money? Just...
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Well, the money... (00:50:25)
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: $600 million plus the $170 million, plus another $130 million is $900 million. Okay. That's good.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: That would be the maximum. Correct.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Perfect. Got it. Okay. I'm slow yet I understand that. I do old math relative to my kids who do new math. Okay. So, that's $900 million. I didn't get a laugh out of you there. I guess, your kids aren't as young as mine. Okay. So, that's $900 million. And then next year, it's incremental $200 million to $300 million every year how much of that 10 million shares or something like that depending on the stock price. Maybe it's less.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Depending on the stock price, that's correct. The $200 million to $300 million would be the total, that's correct.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Okay. Great. And then the last question I have just relates to your growth rate of 5% to 7% through 2020. Do you guys plan to have an Analyst Day at some point now since the equity is done or just in general, when do we get a refresh beyond 2020 on the growth rate?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. Andy, this is Joe. Thanks for that question. We're likely going to place that late this year, early next year. By all stretch of the imagination, by this time next year, we would have an update on that. The primary driver there wasn't so much tax reform in the equity, but our CapEx outlook beyond 2020. As you know, the programs that characterize the bulk of our capital are programmatic, stretch well beyond 2020, great visibility there. The part of the capital program that's less clear today is on the electric generation side of the business. As we go through the integrated resource plan this year, we'll refresh that picture, which is more about capacity replacement than the retirement picture that we updated last time. And so, as we formulate that strategy, that will give us the same kind of confidence for CapEx beyond 2020 that we have through 2020 today. So, look for that late this year, more likely early next year based on how the planning looks at this time.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Okay. And then I actually lied. I do have one more question. I mean, I can kind of do the math. I've told you I'm not very good at it, but I can do math. But can you tell us what price the private placement was priced at or is that not possible?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: The private placement priced off of last night's close at a 1% discount.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: 1% discount. Got it. Thank you very much.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Andy.
Andrew Stuart Levi - Avon Capital/Millennium Partners: Yeah. You're welcome.
Operator: And thank you. And I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Joe Hamrock for his final remarks.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you, Carmen, and thanks to everybody for participating today and for your ongoing support and interest in the NiSource story. As you can see, we're committed to delivering on the long-term growth outlook in a balanced way that manages all of our stakeholder commitments, and what we reported on today is a reflection of ongoing delivery on those commitments. Have a great day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen , thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program, and you may all disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Randy Hulen - VP, IR Joseph Hamrock - CEO Donald Brown - CFO
Analysts: Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Christopher Turnure - JP Morgan Gregory Gordon - Evercore ISI Charles Fishman - Morningstar Research
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NiSource Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Hulen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Randy Hulen: Thank, Andrew and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our quarterly investor call. Joining me this morning are Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer; and Donald Brown, Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of today's call is to review NiSource's financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year of 2017, as well as provide an update on our business operations and growth drivers. We'll then open the call up to your questions. During this call, we will be referring to our supplemental slides; these slides are available on nisource.com. Before turning the call over to Joe, just a quick reminder; some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. In addition, some of the statements made on this conference call relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and additional segment and financial information which are also available on nisource.com. In that document, you'll also find our full financial schedules that have historically been available in our earnings release. With all that out of the way, the call is now yours, Joe.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Randy, and good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. 2017 was the year of solid execution across all facets of our business plan with industry leading employee safety performance, improved customer satisfaction across all NiSource utilities, record infrastructure investments, increased customer growth, more recognition as the best place to work and sustained earnings per share and dividend growth for our investors. Let's look at Slide 3 of our supplemental deck and highlight some of our significant achievements in 2017. We delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings per share of $1.21 compared to $1.09 in 2016. This was slightly above our guidance range for 2017. We invested a record $1.7 billion in our utility infrastructure in 2017, part of our more than $30 billion of identified long-term investment opportunities. This investment included replacing 377 miles of priority natural gas pipeline which drove continued reductions in leaks and methane emissions. We also replaced 68 miles of underground electric cable and about 1,300 electric poles improving electric service reliability for our customers in Indiana. We achieved industry top docile [ph] performance in our core employee safety metrics and I'm proud to say that 2017 was our safest year ever. Customer satisfaction scores improved across all NiSource utilities. JD Power & Associates recognized Columbia Gas of Virginia as one of the nation's top gas only brands and NIPSCO as one of the most improved electric brands, and we added nearly 28,000 new customers which growth driven by increased conversions to gas from other fuels in a healthy housing market. We successfully completed key regulatory initiatives with approvals of gas base rate case settlements in Maryland and Virginia and our power generation environmental investment plan in Indiana. We refinanced nearly $1 billion in long-term debt at more favorable rates which will result in significant interest expense savings over the next several years. We established aggressive environmental targets supported by our business strategy including a 50% reduction of greenhouse gas emissions from 2005 levels by 2025. We earned global recognition as the 'Best Place to Work' as well as for our inclusive and diverse culture. NiSource was the top ranked utility in Forbes Magazine's list of America's Best Large Employers for 2017, and for the first time was recognized as the Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation. And in early 2018, we were one of 104 companies in the world named to the inaugural Bloomberg Gender Equality Index. And we delivered a total shareholder return of more than 19% for 2017, significantly exceeding the two major utility indices. As you can see, NiSource's performance in 2017 created value for our customers, the communities we serve, our employees and our investors, and we're well positioned for continued growth. Before turning the call over to Donald, I'd like to note how pleased I am with the targeted solution for the regulated utility industry that Congress included in Federal Tax Reform. Because this solution supports the continued investment in critical utility infrastructure that provides long-term benefits for our customers and communities. We're working with our key stakeholders and regulators in all 7 states to shape the most balanced and constructive approach to pass the benefits of tax reform back to our customers. This effort should play out over the next 6 months or so. To highlight a few examples of this effort; in Indiana, we amended the NIPSCO gas rate case to reflect the impact of tax reform lowering the requested increase by approximately $26 million. In Ohio, we expect to include customer benefits from tax reform as part of our discussions around the capital expenditure program filing that requests the writer to recover deferred capital investments made since 2011 and which are not being recovered under the existing infrastructure modernization tracker. As I said, these efforts as well as others across the remaining jurisdictions will take shape over the next six months or so. With this clarity about the new tax law and the expected regulatory implementation of its provisions, we're confident in our ability to meet our commitments to the financial community and continue to create solid shareholder value. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Donald who will discuss our financial performance in more detail. Donald?
Donald Brown: Thanks Joe, and good morning everyone. I'd like to start by adding a few more details around tax reform which we know has been a great interest to investors over the past year. Turning to Slide 4, with the adoption of the tax cuts and jobs act, we revalued our net operating loss carry forward to $508 million which is expected to continue to provide nice source of cash tax benefit beyond 2025. I would also point out that the remeasurement of our deferred tax liabilities increased our regulatory liabilities by approximately $1.5 billion which will provide a benefit to our customers. As Joe mentioned, the new tax law is positive for our customers since it lowers their costs and supports our continued investment in critical utility infrastructure which benefits all stakeholders by enhancing safety, service reliability and the environment performance of our system. As we get more clarity on the regulatory implementation and work through business initiatives focused on efficiencies, we will better understand the impact of tax reform on our credit metrics, specifically funds from operations to debt. With this clarity, we will then finalize any necessary changes to our financing plan which may include utilizing a mix of hybrids, convertibles, debt and equity. I would add that any necessary changes will be within the context of delivering on our stated financial commitments, including every effort to maintain our current investment grade credit ratings. It puts confidence in our plan and the levers in flexibility that we have available to us to manage this near-term impact, and that we are reaffirming our 2018 non-GAAP net operating earnings guidance of $1.26 to $1.32. We also continue to expect to grow our non-GAAP net operating earnings per share and dividends by 5% to 7% each year through 2020 and to invest $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion annually in our utility infrastructure programs through 2020. Moving on to our results in Slide 5; we've delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $398 million or $1.21 per share in 2017 compared with about $351 million or $1.09 per share in 2016. The biggest driver of our solid financial performance continues to be the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investments, supported by solid regulatory outcome and established infrastructure trackers. I would note that our GAAP results were impacted by certain balance sheet adjustments and other items related to federal tax reform. Let's now turn to the non-GAAP financial results for our business segments. Our gas distribution operations segment had operating earnings of about $587 million for the year compared with operating earnings of about $598 million in 2016. Net revenues were up about $164 million driven primarily by new rates from base rate cases and infrastructure replacement programs. This increased revenue was more than offset by operating expenses which increased by about $174 million. Our Electric Operations segment reported operating earnings of $377 million for the year, an increase of about $75 million from 2016. Net revenues were up about $122 million driven by new rates from the 2016 base rate case and increased investment in the transmission projects. This increased electric revenue was partially offset by an approximately $48 million increase in operating expenses. As we've discussed previously, the planned 2017 increase in non-tracked O&M expenses were largely driven by commitments in recent rate case settlements to make certain investments in safety, reliability and customer service enhancements. We're managing these expenses closely and we're on-track for flat O&M expenses compared with 2017. Full details of our results included details of our fourth quarter performance earnings available in our earnings release and supplemental financial information posted this morning at nisource.com. Now turning to Slide 6, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of December 31 was about $9 billion of which about $7.7 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 18 years and weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.8%, which is more than 100 basis points lower than at separation. This reduced cost to capital will help provide long-term sustainability to our infrastructure investment programs. At the end of 2017, we maintained net available liquidity of about $1 billion consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility and our accounts receivable securitizations. Going forward, our financial foundation is solid and poised for continued growth. Now I'll turn the call back to Joe to discuss a few customer, infrastructure investments and regulatory highlights.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks for that update Donald. Now let's turn to some specific highlights for the fourth quarter and early 2018 from our gas operations on Slide 7. Our gas base rate case in Indiana remains pending before the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission. In January, we made a supplemental filing which incorporates the customer benefits of federal tax reform lowering our annual revenue increase request by nearly $26 million if approved as filed. The case supports continued investments in systems upgrades, technology improvements and other measures to increased pipeline safety and system reliability. An order is expected in the second half of this year. In Ohio, the public utilities commissioned in January approved the five-year extension of Columbia Gas of Ohio's infrastructure replacement program. This well-established program covers replacement of priority mainline pipe and targeted customer service lines. Also in Ohio, we filed an application in December for a capital expenditure program tracker which would allow us to begin recovering deferred capital investments made since 2011 and not currently recovered in rates. Our application seeks to increase annual revenue by $29 million in 2018 and new rates under infrastructure modernization tracker program updates took effect last month in Kentucky, Indiana, Maryland and Virginia. Investments under these programs are designed to further improve system reliability and safety while efficiently recovering associated costs. Now let's turn to our electric operations on Slide 8. The IURC in December approved our environmental settlement agreement covering approval and cost recovery for investments related to handling coal-ash residuals from certain units at our Michigan City and Schaefer generating stations. Construction work on these projects is underway and is expected to be complete by the end of 2018. We continue to execute on our long-term electric infrastructure modernization program which includes enhancements to electric transmission and distribution infrastructure designed to improve systems safety and reliability. Approximately, $1.25 billion of investments are planned through 2022. New rates took effect in November under our second semi-annual tracker update. The latest tracker update request was filed last month and covers approximately $75 million of investments made from May through November of 2017. And construction of our two major electric transmission projects is expected to be completed in mid-2018. The 100 mile 345 KV and 65 mile 765 KV projects are designed to enhance region-wide system flexibility and reliability. As we wrap up today, just some key takeaways before opening the call to your questions. NiSource's utility infrastructure modernization programs continue to create value for customers, communities and shareholders and are sustainable for the long-term. For 2018 we continue to expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings in the range of a $1.26 to a $1.32 per share and to complete $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion in capital investments. We remain on-track to execute against our more than $30 billion in identified long-term investment opportunities. With our robust investment plans, we continue to expect to grow both operating earnings and our dividend by 5% to 7% annually through 2020 while maintaining our investment grade credit ratings. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. Now let's open the call to your questions. Andrew?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Paul Ridzon: Joe, since you took the helm, you've kind of laid out a pretty solid story of sustainable growth, protecting the balance sheet, predictability and that kind of -- recently we saw a headline that suggested you might be taking a different tact; can you comment on that?
Joseph Hamrock: I'm not sure what headline you're referring to Paul but [indiscernible] -- got you. So I won't speculate or comment on M&A activity or market rumors; I'll say that NiSource has always had a disciplined approach to growing shareholder value and the most recent example of that was last year when we elevated our CapEx program announced at Investor Day, that should result in an increased long-term growth rate of 5% to 7%. And our current focus to grow shareholder value calls for continued execution of the $30 billion of long-term identified investments that as you know will benefit our customers and communities and underpins the sustainability of our plan, our focus remains there.
Paul Ridzon: And because NiSource is a little bit of a unique structure from the corporate structure standpoint, can you just give us a little bit more detail around how you've addressed tax reform issues and interest deductibility?
Joseph Hamrock: Sure. As I noted earlier, as I mentioned and Donald touched on this as well, we're very pleased that the new framework reflects the targeted solutions with so many of us advocated for -- across the industry throughout 2017, fundamentally because it benefits our customers and supports economic growth which underpins our business and it enhances the sustainability of our infrastructure modernization strategy by reducing one of the pass-through cost and customer bills. So while there is near-term adjustments to cash flow that we'll need to navigate, we're confident in our ability to do that. And as evidenced by our reaffirmation of 2018 guidance back in December, Donald can provide some additional insights and details but one of the things that we've looked at is the key to the retention of interest expense deductibility and we're able to retain that through one of the elements of legal entity restructuring at the subsidiary level that we initiated in early 2017. Among other changes, this effort includes the conversion of NIPSCO to an LLC which was completed just last week, so note that this minor restructuring has no effect on either investors or customers but helps us to retain the overall framework that's so important to us. Donald, any other additional details on our positioning on that?
Donald Brown: I think when you think about the other impact of interest deductibility it did lose some value from the interest tax shield going from 35% to 21% but we've got levers from an O&M standpoint and financing standpoint and regulatory mechanisms that allows us to offset that and maintain our earnings commitment for 2018 and going forward.
Paul Ridzon: Donald, you indicated you hedged $1 billion of interest rate risk; did you expense that in '17 or will that be amortized over the pedal [ph] as you put it in place?
Donald Brown: That will be amortized over a bit late [ph].
Operator: Our next question comes from Shah [ph] with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: One question on the Holdco debt, the $2 billion that historically is in like an inter-company loan to the utilities. Joe, just -- so basically, by NIPSCO turning into a LLC you classified NiSource as a regulated utility which is how you sort of got that carve out?
Joseph Hamrock: That's a fair characterization.
Unidentified Analyst: And then, let me just -- sort on over the equity, and you guys have historically have guided to $200 million to $300 million in equity through internal programs, and you've talked about sort of being opportunistic depending on where your balance sheet metrics got to shake out. Just remind us, what's the status of the internal programs for '18? Is there any preliminary indications that this range could change? And sort of more importantly, as you guys are having discussions with the commissioners, is there sort of any prelim talk about potentially retaining some of the tax savings and maybe deploying it into needed infrastructure; so, i.e. accelerate some spending versus immediate credits to the repairs [ph]?
Donald Brown: I think it's orally -- we're in 7 states having conversations with our regulators regarding tax reform and those impacts. In most cases, we have made filings to provide information around those deferred tax adjustments and what those impacts could be on customers. I think what we've got is flexibility, at this point if you think about being in 7 states having the number of infrastructure programs we've got in places, as well as the NIPSCO gas case and the Ohio CEP program that -- I think we've got an ability to manage the cash impact overtime through those different programs and maintain our earnings and dividend growth commitments.
Unidentified Analyst: You guys have utilized your levers extremely well, so whether it's on the O&M side or whether it's been sort of their refinancing program, is there anything first of all left on the refi program? And then are you still comfortable sort of guiding towards flat O&M profile, even beyond your current outlook, especially when you sort of utilized the levers of the NIPSCO in Columbia Gas merger?
Donald Brown: So, I'll start first on the refinancing. When we refinanced the debt last May, we only refinanced about half of that debt, there are still maturities in 2019, 2020 and 2022; so we'll continue to look at those and see if there is opportunity to refinance that and provide savings and value for our shareholders but that is not contemplated in our earnings guidance at this point.
Joseph Hamrock: On the O&M side, as we've talked about over the past couple of quarters, the O&M increases in 2017 were largely due to the commitments we've made in the areas of safety, reliability, trainings and pretty significant commitments there; all aimed at sustaining value for our customers. In that vein, we also had planned increases to support our customer growth initiative and our customer value strategy which are both off to a great start and underpinned our confidence and the sustainability of our plan and the expectation of flat O&M in 2018 off of the 2017 base; so we're in a really good spot there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Michael Weinstein: Could you comment a little bit about any equity that might be needed in order to strengthen the balance sheet as a result of tax reforms and I realized that that might be dependent somewhat on your discussions with regulators throughout the year? And how that discussions go regarding preserving cash flows or amortization regulatory assets and things like that? Can you talk about the need for equity and perhaps the timing of when you would be able to announce that need and more specifics around that?
Donald Brown: As I said, we're working across the 7 states, I think it will take some time. I would expect it's going to be the next 4 to 6 months before we have any clarity from a regulatory perspective on the timing of that path back. At the same time we are having conversations with rating agencies and showing them our plan, as well as scenarios around financing depending on cash flow changes. Again, I think we've got levers in terms of financing that's not just equity, we would look at debt in terms of tenures, historically we've done mostly 30-year debt and so if you shorten that into 3s, and 5s, and 10s; that would provide some savings in FFO. We'd also look at hybrids and preferred that provides you some equity content as well as equity. So I think it's probably 4 to 6 months in terms of the regulatory, that's the part that we're really focusing on at this point and then the financing plan will come out of that.
Michael Weinstein: To what extent are these plans already contemplated inside the 5% to 7% earnings growth rate?
Donald Brown: All of those plans are contemplated. So I think it's coming out in late 2017 right after tax reform was to reaffirm our confidence in our plan and having flexibility and levers to hit our earnings guidance for 2018 as well as long-term.
Michael Weinstein: And does it move it around in a range at all? I mean, what's the low end of the range as a result of any equity that might come out or is this something that had been planned so well in advance that there is essentially no change to 5 or 7; which is it?
Donald Brown: There is essentially no change to the 5 to 7, we think we've got -- we believe we've got levers to hit that range. If you think about what we've always said around the range, lower versus higher, what really drives our earnings year-to-year are regulatory programs and our execution on those regulatory programs. And so that's still the case going forward here, our execution on those programs would get us to the higher range because of timing on those programs or at least how we come out. So no concerns with hitting the high range or at all going forward.
Joseph Hamrock: Couple of things I'd add just to add a little context around that whole picture is, keep in mind that the targeted solution reflects the advocacy work that we were all involved in a year ago. So had a pretty long runway to take it into account all of the various factors that ultimately did show up in the tax reform package; so our plans have been well developed over a year or more now. And then, I'd add to that, on the regulatory side with our -- the puzzle of 7 jurisdictions and [indiscernible] rate mechanisms but it's a little hard to predict specific timing across each of those but given our relatively rapid regulatory cadence across our 7 states, we have every expectation that most of those are settled going into 2019 and that we have essentially build into rate the full effect of the tax reform and reduced interest rates into customers rates going into 2019. So those two kind of book ends to the strategy might help think about how we're framing everything.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Turnure with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Christopher Turnure: Most of my questions have been answered but I just wanted to ask you if you have an update to your rate base growth CAGR long-term of 8% to 10%? And I'm assuming that that's going to be a bit higher now? Is there a confidence that you guys have that given that that's going to positively impact you in the long-term that some of these shorter term things that you're doing to offset the pain of tax reform will kind of transition into that, and in other words, there won't be a year or two where you have the negative of tax reform but you don't have the positive benefit of the higher rate base?
Donald Brown: It's a little early to think through or guide through those. We remain committed to the guidance we provided, previously the 8% to 10% rate base growth from last year. We'll continue to look at our plan as we go through the year ahead, especially with all of the regulatory activity related to tax reform but as we sit here today, the current guidance holds.
Joseph Hamrock: And I'd add that certainly all things being equal, rate base will be higher because of this tax reform. We're just not at a place to -- with the regulatory implementation that needs to take place to state what rate base growth will be. I'd also say that we're not at a point where we would change our CapEx plans, we're still committed to the $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion a year.
Christopher Turnure: Just a follow-on from the last question; I think the timing of the next couple kind of key decision tree you guys and regulatory or investor disclosures. You highlighted that the regulatory elements that are probably the most important thing but we also have possibly the IRS coming out with clarity on interest deductibility and then at some point in these three you guys possibly look beyond 2020 for your long-term guidance. So do you think we might kind have a mid-year point in time where there is enough to give us a full update there or we'll have to wait till early 2019?
Donald Brown: I'd say from a long-term plan we have big point of guiding through -- our 2020 was our long-term plan, looks at replacement of our generation capacity. Last year we talked about retiring some of our coal units in 2018 and 2023, and so long-term we need to make some decisions on the replacement of that coal capacity, we're kicking off that IRP program this year and I think by the end of the year we should have clarity on what that CapEx plan if any looks like -- and be able to guide past 2020.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Gregory Gordon: When you expressed confidence in your ability to meet the 5% to 7% growth rate for 2020, I presume you've done the scenario analysis. It looks that while you're up, that metric is today -- will form the [indiscernible] form of what regulatory outcomes will be in the next 12 months or so and then sort of ultimately be solving for differing assumed equity meetings and most of all of those cases your sum is around either 7% range; is that the right way for me to think about it as I try to back path [ph] your confidence and your ability to continue to meet debt earnings targets?
Donald Brown: That's exactly right, Greg. As we started thinking about tax reform and the path back of those savings, we're really looking state by state, trying to understand what those changes could be, what the impacts could be, looking at O&M as well because that impacts FFO, and then as you've said kind of back flopping to see what type of financing would provide us to hit our rating commitments with our agencies, as well as our 5% to 7% earnings growth commitments.
Gregory Gordon: So there the scenario is will you get constructive rate outcomes, there is minimal equity needs and you're at the high end of the range in those -- because other outcomes where you get less constructive outcomes and you hold off the cost levers more but you need more equity and you might trip towards the middle of low end of the range; is that the right way to think about it?
Donald Brown: Yes, certainly you could have scenarios in all of those directions.
Joseph Hamrock: In any given year that's true.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Fishman with Morningstar Research. Your line is now open.
Charles Fishman: On the dividend increase, you had certainly a terrific increase last month. Can I assume the 5% to 7% dividend increase, annual dividend increase growth is based on that new dividend?
Donald Brown: That is correct. We've raised the dividend and what we've always stated was that we'd have -- we target about a payout of 60% to 70% with our earnings growth from 2016 to 2017 as well as our guidance of $1.26 to $1.32. For next year the 11% increase was really in line with our long-term commitments around growth in dividend payout.
Charles Fishman: Second question; you've had $10 billion of identified long-term infrastructure for your Indiana electric operations for quite some time and I realized you're in the middle of IRP but does that -- does the $10 billion, is that more than just T&D? In other words, is there any other coal plan environmental projects that are in there, is there any new gas plan in there? What is it in that $10 billion?
Joseph Hamrock: We've refreshed that at Investor Day last year, so that was -- that number is about a year old at this point and it does reflect the full suite of investments across generation transmission and distribution, predominantly on the T&D side but if you look at our generation strategy, there is the anticipation of new generation inside that number as well as -- I call it a tail on the environment spend, the EOG spend is in the next decade. So you'll see a little bit of all of that mixed into that picture, as well as some customer growth.
Charles Fishman: When you say the tail of the environmental spend; is there other units at Schaefer and Michigan or that are still out there that need some work [ph]?
Joseph Hamrock: No, we're in the CCR investment cycle right now, so that piece is a part of that. Keep in mind, we filed a $400 million CPCN last year for environmental retrofits, both, CCR and EOG compliance related investments, we have a settlement and approval on the CCR side but the EOG rule has been stayed. So that spend is still anticipated, it was included in the $10 billion and likely falls out beyond 2020.
Charles Fishman: So it sounds like you just have a plug in there for potentially a new gas plant and obviously the outcome of the ROP [ph] might drive that? I hope you refine it.
Joseph Hamrock: That's correct, yes. In the last IRP we did show a combined cycle plan, so it's consistent with the last IRP but as was noted earlier, Donald touched on this; we will go through a new integrated resource planning cycle this year starting next month, first stakeholder meeting next month and so we'll go through a full market analysis, we'll do an RFP to see what's available in the market, look at our build options and as we cycle through that around the end of this year we should have a much more updated picture of those expectations but that was included in the $10 billion -- about $800 million or so in the $10 billion.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next comes from Faisal Khan with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Ryan [ph] for Faisal. Do you anticipate changing the duration or tenure of your debt obligations to help manage your earnings group outlook? I heard your comments around financing and adjustments to help achieve your guidance?
Donald Brown: Yes, I think it's one of the options that we're looking at is the tenure of future financings going shorter, if necessary to manage our earnings and debt commitments around our ratings.
Unidentified Analyst: And then what was your ATM issuance in the fourth quarter so far this year?
Donald Brown: So last year we did $315 million for the year, in the fourth quarter we did it forward. So part of our ATM program when we established it was a forward mechanism, we did a forward of about $170 million debt, we would close by the end of 2018.
Unidentified Analyst: Was there any issuance in the last few months?
Donald Brown: There was not. So $314 million for the total year of 2017 and the we did a forward for $170 million for 2018.
Unidentified Analyst: And has there been any updates around the status of the IRP process with stakeholder engagements in Indiana since the last earnings call? I think you had the meeting next month but any color you can provide around, it's been more of a formal conversation.
Joseph Hamrock: Ryan, no update. We haven't actually initiated the process, the first stakeholder meeting is next month, so we'll set up the process there. Our intent is to go through a full look at diverse portfolio, solution sets including build buy alternatives, and work through that, including an RFP into the market and probably in the second quarter we'll do that. So I'd watch the first second quarter updates for status updates on that, there is not a lot to say about it except it is a very open balanced picture that we want to create to guide that decision.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I am showing no further questions. I would now like to turn the call back to Joe Hamrock, CEO, for any further remarks.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you, Andrew. And again, thank you all for participating today for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. Have a great day, we'll see you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program, you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Randy Hulen - VP, IR Joseph Hamrock - CEO Donald Brown - CFO
Analysts: Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Charles Fishman - Morningstar Brian Lasky - Citi Chris Sighinolfi - Jefferies Andy Levi - Avon Capital Advisors
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2017 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Randy Hulen, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Randy Hulen: Thank you, Alex and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the NiSource quarterly investor call. Joining me this morning are Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer; and Donald Brown, Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of today's call is to review NiSource's financial performance for the third quarter of 2017, as well as provide an overall business update on our operations and our growth drivers. We'll then open the call up to your questions. We will be referring to our supplemental slides during this call. These slides are available on our website at nisource.com. Before turning the call over to Joe, just a quick reminder that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. In addition to some of the statements made on this call can relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and additional segment and financial information which is also available on nisource.com. In that document, you'll also find our full financial schedules that have historically been available in our earnings release. With all that out of the way, the call is now yours, Joe.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Randy, and good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. NiSource continues to make progress on our customer focused business plan delivering on our infrastructure investments, regulatory initiatives, and customer growth programs while enhancing our capabilities through transformation initiatives. Let's look at Slide 3 of our supplemental deck and highlight our financial position and some of our achievements so far this year. We delivered third quarter non-GAAP net operating earnings per share of $0.07 compared to $0.06 during the same period in 2016. We remain on track to invest an estimated $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion in utility infrastructure this year with more than $1.3 billion invested through the third quarter. These program investments are part of our more than $30 billion of identified long-term investment opportunities. The team's strong steady performance is creating value for our customers, communities and investors and we continue to expect to deliver 2017 non-GAAP net operating earnings of a $1.17 to a $1.20 per share. Additionally as we announced in this morning's press release, we're initiating 2018 non-GAAP net operating earnings guidance of $1.26 to $1.32 per share. This range is anchored in the continued execution of our growth strategy and enhanced by our recent successful debt refinancing. Moving to some highlights of our progress in the third quarter, in our gas segment we filed a base rate case in Indiana seeking our first base rate increase there in more than 25 years. In Maryland we received approval of our base rate case settlement and in Ohio we filed a settlement agreement in our pending application for a five year extension of our long-term gas infrastructure replacement program. On the customer growth front, we've seen good results from our increased efforts and remain on track to achieving sustainable 1% net annual growth by 2020. In our electric segment our latest electric modernization tracker update was approved and our proposed settlement related to the coal combustion residuals environmental upgrades remains pending before the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission. Our electric transmission projects are on track and are expected to be in service in mid-2018. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Donald who will discuss our financial performance in more detail. Donald?
Donald Brown: Thanks Joe, and good morning everyone. Looking at Slide 4, we delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $23 million or $0.07 per share in the third quarter compared with about $19 million or $0.06 per share for the same period in 2016. Through the first nine months of 2017, our non-GAAP net operating earnings are up about $44 million or $0.12 per share compared with the same period in 2016. The biggest driver of our solid financial performance continues to be the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investments supported by solid regulatory outcomes and established infrastructure trackers. As we discussed previously, we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and aftermarket or ATM, equity issuance program. During the third quarter we issued about 10.6 million shares receiving proceeds of about $281 million. Consistent with the financing plan outlined at Investor Day, this fulfills our 2017 plan to raise $200 million to $300 million in equity. On the debt financing side, we issued $750 million and 30 year long-term note, at 3.95% in September. This is our second issuance this year at issuing $2 billion and 10 year and 30 year notes in May. The pricing of the notes this year has helped us establish new benchmark pricing for long dated note providing better clarity going for both NiSource and our investors as we expect to be in the market every year to fund our modernization program. I would remind everyone that our debt and equity issuances are intended to provide a balanced financing approach for NiSource's capital investments. In all expected financing cause, including equity dilution are included in our 2017 and 2018 earnings guidance, as well as our growth rate commitments through 2020. Let's turn now to the non-GAAP financial results for our business segments. Our Gas Distribution Operations segment reported an operating loss of about $17 million in the quarter compared with operating earnings of about $5 million for the comparable period in 2016. Net revenues were up about $20 million driven primarily by new rates from base rate cases and infrastructure replacement programs. This increase revenue was more than offset by an approximately $43 million increase in operating expenses which I will touch on later. Our Electric Operations segment reported operating earnings of $129 million in the quarter, an increase of about $24 million from the comparable period of 2016. Net revenues were up about $34 million driven by new rates from base rate case and increased investment in a transmission projects. This increased electric revenue was partially offset by approximately $10 million increase in operating expenses. As I mentioned previously, the plan 2017 increase in non-tracked O&M expenses is largely driven by commitments in recent rate case settlements to make certain investments in safety, liability and customer service enhancements. We're managing these expenses closely and we remain confident that our performance transformation plan will lead to flat O&M expenses following this year. Early success in our performance transformation plan has our IT service provider transitions well underway and work teams charge with identifying and implementing process improvement opportunities. These opportunities will further integrate the NIPSCO and Colombia companies while enhancing value adding activities for our customers. Full details of our third quarter results are available in our earnings release and supplemental financial information posted this morning at nisource.com. Now turning to Slide 5, I would like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of September 30 was about $8.7 billion of which about $7.7 billion was long-term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long-term debt was approximately 18 years and weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.8%, which is more than 100 basis points lower and four years longer than at separation. This reduced cost to capital will help provide long term sustainability to our infrastructure investment programs. At the end of third quarter we maintained net available liquidity of about $1.3 billion consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility. As always, we remain committed to maintaining investment grade credit and our ratings at the three major agencies are investment grade. Standard & Poor's rates NiSource at BBB+; Moody's at Baa2; and Fitch at BBB, all with stable outlook. Going forward, our financial foundation is solid and poised for continued growth. Now I’ll turn the call back to Joe to discuss a few customer, infrastructure investments and regulatory highlights.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks for that update Donald. I'll start with the recognition NiSource's received in September for our sustainable business practices and performance. For the fourth straight year, we were named to the Dow Jones sustainability North America index and I'm proud to say we were the second highest ranked U.S. multi-utility on the list. Our ranking reflects advancements we made to our sustainability strategy in 2016 by outlining aggressive but achievable targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions including mapping. These reductions are enabled by the planned retirement of 50% of our coal-fired electric generation fleet and by our ongoing accelerated replacement of our natural gas distribution infrastructure. We're proud to be included in this index because of its recognition of our deep commitment to serving customers in a way that is safe, reliable, environmentally responsible and sustainable. On the customer growth front, we're well ahead of where we were at the same point in 2016 which turned out to be our best year for customer growth in a decade. This progress is driven by a continued rebound in new home construction and conversions to natural gas keeping us on track to achieve sustainable 1% net annual growth by 2020. And we continue to modernize training for our field operations employees. This month will open the third of our four new state-of-the-art field employee training centers in Chester Virginia. The first two are already operating one near Pittsburgh and one near Columbus and a facility in Massachusetts will open in 2018. And I'd like to recognize our NIPSCO employees and our business partners in Indiana who stepped up to help restore power in Florida following Hurricane Irma in September. There's a long tradition of electric utilities helping each other following natural disasters and our team with more than 220 people including NIPSCO employees and line and 3 contractors headed south to help get energy flowing again to affected customers and communities. Now let's turn to some specific highlights for the third quarter from our Gas Operations on Slide 6. As I mentioned earlier, in Indiana we filed a gas base rate case which supports continued investments in system upgrades, technology improvements and other measures to increase pipeline safety and system reliability. If approved as filed, new rates would be phased in and would increase annual revenues by nearly $144 million including amounts currently being recovered through various trackers. An order is expected in the second half of 2018. In Ohio, we filed a settlement with stakeholders in our application for a five year extension of our infrastructure replacement program which remains pending before the Public Utilities Commission. This well-established program currently authorized through the end of 2017 covers accelerated replacement of priority mainline pipe and targeted customer service lines. A final order is expected by the end of the year. New rates went into effect last week in Maryland following Maryland Public Service Commission approval of the settlement in our base rate case. The outcome supports expedited replacement of aging pipe and adoption of additional pipeline safety upgrades and will result in an annual revenue increase of $2.4 million. In Indiana, we're continuing to execute on our long-term gas infrastructure modernization program. New rates under NIPSCO's semiannual tracker update took effect July 1. In late August we filed our latest semiannual tracker update covering approximately $58 million of investments that were made in the first half of 2017. The investments are designed to further improve system reliability and safety. Tracker updates are also pending in Kentucky, Massachusetts, Maryland and Virginia which combined include approximately $160 million of investments. Before moving on from our gas business update, I want to highlight some improving results from the most recent J.D. Power Residential Natural Gas Study. Columbia Gas of Virginia was recognized as one of the nation's top gas only brands and ranked number two in the nation on customer service. Columbia Gas of Massachusetts and Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania were among the top five brands in the East and Columbia Gas of Ohio was number four in the Midwest. Our strong performance across the board demonstrates continued progress on our commitment to top-tier customer satisfaction. Now let's turn to our Electric Operations on Slide 7. We continue to execute on our long-term electric infrastructure modernization program which includes enhancements to electric transmission and distribution infrastructure designed to improve system safety and reliability. Approximately $1.25 billion of investments are planned through 2022. And just yesterday we received IURC approval of our second semiannual tracker update request which covers about $133 million in investments made from May 2016 through April 2017. Our two major electric transmission projects remain on schedule with the anticipated in-service dates in mid 2018. The 100 mile 345 KV and 65 mile 765 KV projects are designed to enhance regionwide system flexibility and reliability. Substation line and tower construction continues to progress for both projects. In our environmental settlement agreement seeking approval and cost recovery for investments related to limiting coal ash emissions from certain units at our Michigan city and Schaefer generating stations remains pending before the IURC. The settlement also calls for moving additional investments designed to reduce these units impact on local waterways to a later proceeding. An IURC order on the CCR settlement is expected before the end of the year. As we wrap up today, just some key takeaways before opening the call to your questions. NiSource's long-term utility infrastructure modernization programs continue to create value for customers and communities while also driving solid financial performance for our shareholders. For 2017 we continue to expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings in the range of a $1.17 to a $1.20 per share and to complete $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion in capital investments. We remain on track to execute against our more than $30 billion in identified long-term investment opportunities. We are initiating 2018 non-GAAP net operating earnings guidance of a $1.26 to a $1.32 per share and 2018 capital investment guidance of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion. With our robust investment plans, we continue to expect to grow both operating earnings and our dividend by 5% to 7% annually through 2020 while maintaining our investment grade credit ratings. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource's. Now let's open the call to your question. Alex?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Michael Weinstein: First question is on the 5% to 7% growth rate going forward. Can you clarify that that's good to be based on the new 2018 guidance at this point?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, we continue reaffirming 5% to 7% year-on-year net operating earnings per share and dividend growth and that's as you know driven by our steady execution of our investment plans. It's predominantly the infrastructure modernization plans and so yes the new 2018 guidance continues that theme.
Michael Weinstein: And so 2019 would be based on the midpoint of 2018 theory?
Joseph Hamrock: That's correct.
Michael Weinstein: And I was wondering if you could just maybe talk a little about the integrated resource plan at this point for NiSource electric and what the timing of that is - the new filing that’s going to come next year and when do you think you might have to start planning and actually building or filing specific replacement plans?
Joseph Hamrock: So as you may know we await the IURC's final disposition of the last IRP and we look forward to engaging our stakeholders throughout the year ahead in a rigorous look at all of the replacement options for capacity in the future to replace the capacity we intend to retire. We have not yet determined an actual filing date for the next IRP in all likelihood it will be late next year or early 2019 but we continue to look at our options for how to step through those stakeholder engagement sessions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Turnure from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Christopher Turnure: Congratulations on continuing to really flex your balance sheet muscle here and capitalize on your regulatory constructs that you have in front of you with your 2018 plan and beyond. I wanted to ask about tax reform and specifically, the plan that we know of right now, as vague as it is, from the Republican Party back in September. Could you maybe just give us a little bit more detail or clarify any scenario analysis you've done around that? And follow-on to your comments from, I think, the fourth quarter call of this year?
Joseph Hamrock: Good morning Chris, and thanks for the comments. Certainly like everybody we’re staying very engaged in the tax reform process ensuring that the interest of our customers and investors are balanced and that any unique implications for us are fully understood particularly related to the inclusion of interest deductibility and expensing of CapEx and transition rules all the issues we’ve talked about before. As you well know there's a lot of activity this week in Washington we’re watching that closely too early to know what details maybe forthcoming, so I’m not going to speculate about the implications of the current process just other than to say we’ll stay engaged and keep stakeholders informed. I’ll ask Donald to talk just a little bit about what we've already said in terms of the potential implications of the frameworks we’ve seen and then how we’ll respond appropriately. Donald?
Donald Brown: As Joe said, we’re paying attention we’re looking at what's going on and certainly engaging with legislators to promote our plan and our strategy and the impact that may have on our customers. As we look at the potential impacts from the loss of interest deductibility and the 100% expensing of capital certainly has a negative impact on our plan but I think as we think about it, we’ve got a number of levers to help mitigate any risks from that both in our capital plan in the past when we had 100% bonus depreciation. We have accelerated our modernization spend in our infrastructure trackers to help offset that lower rate base impact. O&M certainly is a lever we have. We've already started our transformation efforts and have committed to flat own them after 2017 but that is another lever that we have that we can do items in short-term to help mitigate that and spread off any impact of - negative impact of tax reform. And then finally we are financing, we typically financed long-term mostly 30 year debt and 10 year debt. And so certainly have flexibility to go shorter term to help smooth out any negative impact of tax reform. So we’re paying attention looking closely but certainly as everyone else's really want to understand what the details are of what may come out of tax reform.
Christopher Turnure: Yes, it's early but that's helpful color to know as an offset there. And then my second question is on the NIPSCO Gas filing in Indiana, could you just help me better understand the context there? You have the rider program, of course, that's been in place for a couple of years now. In the context of knowing that and the return kind of on-and-off capital that's coming on that, what else is this rate case doing for you? What do you have going on?
Joseph Hamrock: So that as we noted is the first base rate increase request in 25 years for NIPSCO for our gas business in Indiana. And so the backdrop there is a 1988 case that had an unusually high I might say depreciation rate led to a framework we settled in 2010 in a case we filed than to rebuild rate base through depreciation credit. So this case reflects kind of a return to normal revenue requirements for the underlying rate base, as well as an update to O&M associated with as in all of our jurisdictions enhance safety in training programs across our gas business. So, pretty standard case other than the adjustment in depreciation in the underlying rate base.
Christopher Turnure: Do you feel like if it comes out the way that you are -- or hoping for, or base case scenario, there would be a meaningful change in your ability to earn your authorized ROE?
Joseph Hamrock: I'm not sure I go to meaningful change I think it's a pretty standard approach to shifting from what has been a unique depreciation model for the underlying rate base to a standard revenue requirements model.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steve Fleishman: The 2018 guidance is obviously kind of midpoint to midpoint a little bit above your long-term kind of growth rate discussion. Maybe just give a little more - is that an annualization maybe of some of your financing savings, or just maybe give a little more color on what's driving that?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, you got it Steve. We recognized the guidance range for 2018 is a bit higher and wider than the 5 to 7 primarily driven on the near term benefits of the refinancing. We executed this year and we've long ago noted that would stick in the plan in the near term here as we pulled forward some of the refinancing opportunities there. So that's the key driver.
Steve Fleishman: Okay great, not that I’m complaining but and then on the - so you’re done with your equity for this year and you still plan to do - some equity entirely for 2018/2019?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, that’s right. We’re done for this year consistent with our financing strategy that we outlined in ATM of $200 million to $300 million per year. Let me ask Donald to talk just a bit about our financing outlook for the future.
Donald Brown: As Joe said, we’re still committed to the $200 million to $300 million annually through an ATM program. We are done this year and we’re able to complete that in the third quarter. Additionally as you stated there is a drip program that’s an additional about $60 million a year that will continue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Paul Ridzon: Can you give a little more detail around what's one the operating earnings around the gas segment?
Joseph Hamrock: As you can see the O&M increases year-on-year through the third quarter in the gas segment, after you adjust for the trackers we’re about 100 million. And that reflects all of the commitments we made in the base rate case cycle we went through a year ago enhanced investments and spending and training modernization some of our pipeline safety initiatives as well which set the stage for the flat O&M outlook that we talked about from 2017 forward. So that's really the predominant driver there the steps we've taken in the last cycle to enhance some of our reliability safety and training spending.
Donald Brown: And also Paul, it brings up the third quarter from a gas perspective is our lowest revenue or margin quarter. And so there is little bit of just timing from a weather and sales standpoint there.
Paul Ridzon: I was surprised to see that big swing didn't really impact EPS that much. They're just other offsets throughout your business.
Joseph Hamrock: What do you mean in terms of the total quarter including electric?
Paul Ridzon: Yes, correct.
Joseph Hamrock: It's really when you look at year-to-date from a spending standpoint we’re a little over 10% year-to-date on our spending and that's all in including our guidance and our plan on an total year standpoint we’ll be a little above that range as well above 10%. So it’s all in our expectations as we've made investments in customer service and customer growth in our transformation efforts this year. And I certainly expect and committed to driving those savings and opportunities after 2017 for flat O&M.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Lapides: I have two items one on request in Indiana the settlement outstanding on coal ash, that is included in your current environmental CapEx guidance or not I thought it was let me know if that's wrong. My second one is a follow-up on the NIPSCO gas rate case of the $140 million plus rate increase you've requested, how much of that would actually drop the bottom line versus the offset by the just simply moving revenue from trackers to base rates or higher cost by higher O&M or higher G&A?
Joseph Hamrock: On the CCR you're correct that's CapEx $193 million in the settlement is reflected on our outlook and has been so it’s consistent with our CapEx of 1.6 to 1.8 through 2020 and its part of that outlook for 2018 as well. On the NIPSCO gas side, a number of moving parts in there, but just sort of big crayon shorthand the best way to think about the answer to your question is about half of the case relates to non-O&M and non-tracked items is the cleanest way to think about that.
Michael Lapides: So in other words, $70ish million or so is kind of what will drop to the bottom line on a pretax basis I guess that would drop today EBT line or the net income before - the income before tax line. And the rest is either moving trackers around it would be offset by higher cost somewhere?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes give or take I would say that's a fair way to characterize the case.
Michael Lapides: Actually one last one on the Ohio extension request, is there any change in the range of spins being requested in the annual range of CapEx as part of that program or is that range staying the same as part of this request?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes there is - again is consistent with our CapEx guidance till 2020 that request for the next five year period beginning next year is about a $0.25 billion higher than the five year period were coming out. We are authorized up to $1.50 through the period that we're in right now and the request that we put in front of the commissions is for just about $1.3 billion and the settlement we found is on that order of magnitude close to that number.
Michael Lapides: So could that lead to an increase in your CapEx guidance or did you go ahead and baked that in before getting approval from the commission on this?
Joseph Hamrock: No, as I said that’s consistent with our CapEx outlook through 2020 and beyond in that case you can see through past 2020 with that filing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman. Your line is open, from Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: Just make sure I understand this, some of your above 5% to 7% growth rate is financing driven and it looks like you significantly increased your long-term debt versus end of last year you’ve gone out on the maturity, you driven down the interest rate. So really once we get pass this next year there is not too much more that can be done. And then we go back to the 5% to 7% I’m thinking about that correctly?
Donald Brown: Yes, that’s how I think of it that a lot of our higher performance this year is really on financing, somewhat earlier in the year, favorable settlement in base rate cases. But that is the primary driver for the higher guidance range in 2018. And then after that it really is around and that's why we remain committed to the 5% to 7% growth in earnings and dividends, it’s really driven by our modernization efforts and our rate base growth. We’ll continue to look for opportunities from a financing standpoint. I think we’ve certainly still have debt that matures in the next few years when we refinance the debt in May, we only took out about half of that debt. So we’ll continue to look to see if there's an opportunity to do that in a cost effective way, but primarily when you think about the earnings commitment it’s the real driver is that that modernization program and the rate base growth impact.
Charles Fishman: And do you think you’re a year about $8.7 billion of debt?
Donald Brown: We should be around in that range.
Charles Fishman: And then just one more question, the next time the board reviews a dividend it will be for the first quarter?
Donald Brown: That’s correct.
Charles Fishman: That’s all I had. Thank you. Look forward to seeing you guys at EEI.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Lasky from Citi. Your line is open.
Brian Lasky: What O&M assumption is in your 2018 guidance, we continue to guide towards flat O&M or do you see an opportunity to reduce that expense going forward?
Joseph Hamrock: No, Brian as we said consistently the outlook for 2018 is flat off of the 2017.
Brian Lasky: And then with a favorable outlook in NIPSCO rate case impact the equity issuance assumption raised for next year?
Donald Brown: It’s too early to talk about that at this point I would expect that our plan is still $200 million to $300 million in equity. If you think about the program that $200 million to $300 million over time improves our credit metrics is especially our Moody's FFO the debt metrics until there's not likely any one item that changes our equity needs, but certainly each item contributes to our needs over time and we will continue to look at our plan and our needs to see if and when that would change.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Sighinolfi from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Chris Sighinolfi: Lots been asked, lots been answered appreciate all the color. I had just one follow-up and it's for Donald just looking at the cash flow it seems like there was a sizable pension contribution this quarter something on the order of like 315 million may be more than 300 million. I was just curious I guess two questions one I’m seeing that correctly. And then second if I am if I compare to what you had sort of outlined in the 10-K the contribution this year it’s quite a bit more. So I was just curious there were something in the quarter conditionally that prompted that I’m not intimately familiar with the finance what being related in terms of tax policy but goes ahead and changing on that front the prompt of the action just any clarification would be helpful?
Donald Brown: No absolutely and you were really quick to have pointed that out already. We did make a contribution of about $277 million to our pension. We did do it earlier than what was in our plan as we look that our forecast of pension contributions over the next few years looking at the increasing variable PBGC premium, as well as the interest rate forecast the increasing interest rate forecast. We thought we had an opportunity to make a contribution now financed with a lower-cost debt that also de-risk the pension plan. So we went from about 83% funded to about 97% funded assuming we hit our assumed returns on our contributions we don't expect that will need to make contributions going forward. And so it’s favorable to cash flows of about $60 million over the next few years and certainly enhances our credit metrics going forward. So it’s really an opportunistic opportunity to de-risk the plan safe from future contributions and ultimately have lower cost for our customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Zhou from Avon Capital Advisors. Your line is open.
Andy Levi: It's Andy Levi. Just two questions, just in the quarter how much stock did you issue in the quarter?
Joseph Hamrock: 10.6 million shares in the quarter.
Andy Levi: Oh really, 10.6 million shares, wow.
Joseph Hamrock: Including with our plan.
Andy Levi: No, I understand that you made weight on the stock so you did all of the third quarter so what you’re saying?
Donald Brown: Yes, that's right Andy this is Donald .So we issued about 10.6 million shares the average price of about $26.67 so and we really had the opportunity where we had a couple investors that came in and wanted the opportunity to take a significant amount of the shares. And so that was we were able to execute on that at a good pricing for them and us and close out the program for the year.
Andy Levi: And then the other question I had just a follow-up on the tax reform question. So just to make sure I understood what you're saying you kind of outlined several different offsets and again we don't know what the plan is, but I guess just assuming a lower rate. I guess at the very least and there was interest deductibility having on the timings altered. It sounds like you feel that you can offset most of the impact of some type of tax reform as far as your earnings and obviously your growth rate?
Donald Brown: Well so I don't know exactly what that tax reform package looks like so I can't opine that I can offset all of it what I would say is we've got levers to mitigate the risk, but ultimately we got to find out what that plan looks like and what that impact would be to our plan and then we would make decisions on if we could offset all of it certainly have levers to mitigate some of that negative impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Paul Ridzon: Donald I had a follow-up what was your commentary around future pension contribution timing?
Donald Brown: So what I said was our expectation I’m assuming that we only expected returns on our pension investments that we wouldn't make any additional make any additional contributions to our pension. We are about 97% funded at this point until if we hit our expected returns on the asset we have now in place we would not need to make future contributions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I am showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back to Joe Hamrock, CEO.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks Alex. Thank you all again for participating today and for your ongoing interest in support of NiSource. For those of you who might be at EEI next week, we look forward to bumping into you and talking with you there. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Randy Hulen - VP, IR  Joseph Hamrock - CEO, President and Director Donald Brown - CFO and EVP
Analysts: Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Christopher Turnure - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Charles Fishman - Morningstar Inc. Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Gregg Orrill - Barclays PLC Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co.
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2017 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today, Randy Hulen, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Randy Hulen: Thank you, Sonya and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the quarterly investor call. This morning, our -- Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer; and Donald Brown, Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of today's call is to review NiSource's financial performance for the second quarter of 2017 as well as provide an update on our operations and our growth drivers. We'll open up the call to your questions, we will also be referring to our supplemental earnings slides during this call. These slides are available on our website. Before turning the call over to Joe, just a quick reminder. Some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some of the statements made on this conference call relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and additional segment and financial information available on nisource.com. In that document, you'll also find our full financial schedules that have historically been available in our earnings release.  With all that out of the way, the call is now yours, Joe.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. During the second quarter, the NiSource team built on the strong foundation established at the start of 2017 and continued to drive value for our customers and investors by executing on our infrastructure investments, regulatory initiatives and customer programs. And on the financial front, successfully refinancing debt to capture interest expense savings opportunities. Let's look at Slide 3 of our supplemental deck and highlight our financial position and some of our significant achievements so far this year. We delivered second quarter net operating earnings per share non-GAAP of $0.10 compared to $0.08 during the same period in 2016. We remain on track to invest $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion in our gas and electric utility infrastructure this year with more than $820 million invested through the second quarter. These program investments are part of our more than $30 billion of identified long term investment opportunities. And we refinanced about $1 billion in debt during the quarter which will drive interest expense savings over the next several years. As we announced in this morning's press release, the team's effective execution and the strong financial results in the first half of the year combined with the successful outcome of our financing activities have led us to increase our 2017 non-GAAP net operating earnings guidance range to $1.17 to $1.20 per share. Taking into account this increased 2017 guidance range, we continue to expect, as we shared with you at our Investor Day in March, to grow our net operating earnings per share and dividend by 5% to 7% each year through 2020. We're also continuing to execute on our investment and regulatory programs. In Indiana, we reached a settlement agreement related to the CCR environmental upgrades we've proposed for certain generating stations and we received approval of the latest semi-annual tracker update associated with our gas modernization program. We also filed our second electric modernization tracker update request and our electric transmission projects remain on track to be in service in the second half of 2018.  In Ohio, we're working with stakeholders on our application for a 5-year extension of our long term gas Infrastructure Replacement Program and we've reached a settlement in our base rate case in Maryland. On the customer growth front, we're slightly ahead of our plan. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Donald who will discuss our financial performance in more detail. Donald?
Donald Brown: Thanks Joe and good morning, everyone. As Joe noted earlier, our results for the first half of 2017 were quite strong and we have raised our 2017 non-GAAP net operating earnings guidance range to $1.17 to $1.20 per share. Now turning to Slide 4. We delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $33 million or $0.10 per share in the second quarter compared with about $27 million or $0.08 per share for the same period in 2016. Through the first half of 2017, our net operating earnings are up about $40 million or $0.11 per share compared with the same period in 2016. The biggest driver of our solid financial performance continues to be the impact of our long term infrastructure modernization investments supported by solid regulatory outcome and established infrastructure trackers. I would add that we've built additional momentum during the quarter by successfully refinancing about $1 billion of near term maturity debt with lower rate debt, accelerating interest expense savings over the next several years.  In addition to our refinancing activities, we issued another $1 billion in new debt which we'll use to finance investments in our infrastructure modernization programs. During our first quarter update, we noted that we had filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission an at-the-market or ATM, equity issuance program. During the quarter, we issued about 1.3 million shares, receiving proceeds of nearly $34 million. As outlined at Investor Day, the ATM, combined with debt offerings and our well-established dividend reinvestment program, is intended to provide a balanced financing approach for NiSource's capital investments. And all financing costs, including equity dilution, are included in our 2017 earnings guidance and our growth rate commitments through 2020. Let's turn now to our segment level results. Our Gas Distribution Operations segment delivered operating earnings of about $56 million in the quarter, a decrease of about $18 million compared with the same period in 2016. Net revenues were up about $22 million, driven primarily by new rates from base rate cases and Infrastructure Replacement Programs. This increased revenue was offset by an approximately $40 million increase in operating expenses related to higher employee and administrative costs, increased outside service cost, depletion expenses -- depreciation expenses, property taxes and environmental costs. Our Electric Operations segment reported operating earnings of about $84 million in the quarter, an increase of about $20 million from the second quarter of 2016. Net revenues were up about $42 million, driven by new rates from the base rate case, increased investment in the transmission projects and increased industrial and commercial usage. This increased electric revenue was partially offset by higher operating expenses of approximately $22 million, primarily due to increased generation-related maintenance and vegetation management costs; increased employee administrative costs and higher growth receipts taxes. Before moving on from our results, I'd like to add a little context around the increase in non-tracked O&M expenses. In the gas segment, we've made commitments in recent rate case settlements to make certain investments in safety, reliability and customer service enhancements. In our electric business, we've increased the plant maintenance and vegetation management activities to boost our reliability. We're managing these expenses closely and as we shared at Investor Day, we remain confident that our performance transformation process will lead to a flattening of O&M expenses after 2017. Full details of our second quarter results are available in our earnings release and supplemental financial information posted this morning at nisource.com. Now turning to Slide 5. I'd like to briefly touch on our debit and credit -- debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of June 30 was about $8.2 billion, of which, about $7.3 billion was a long term debt. The weighted average maturity on our long term debt was approximately 16 years and weighted average interest rate was approximately 4.9%. I would note that we've made significant progress to reduce our weighted average interest rate by nearly 100 basis points since separation. This reduced cost of capital will help provide long term sustainability to our infrastructure investment programs. At the end of the second quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $1.3 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility. It's worth mentioning again that our credit ratings at the 3 major agencies are investment grade. Standard & Poor's rates NiSource at BBB+, Moody's at BAA2 and Fitch at BBB, all with stable outlooks. Going forward, our financial foundation is solid and poised for continued growth. Now I'll turn the call back to Joe to discuss a few customer infrastructure investment and regulatory highlights.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Donald. Before getting into those details, I'd like to highlight 2 milestones which connect with our stakeholder commitment of being recognized by all in our communities as the best place to work. First, in May, NiSource was included in Forbes magazine's list of America's Best Large Employers for 2017. We ranked 61st overall, a significant jump from last year's rankings and I'm proud to say that we were the top-rated utility company. Recognition like this reinforces and helps spread the word that our 8,000 employees are creating a great place to work, grow and build a career. And in June, I joined more than 150 CEOs of some of the world's leading companies to sign the CEO Action For Diversity & Inclusion pledge, the largest CEO-driven business commitment to advancing diversity and inclusion in the workplace. It was an easy decision to sign this pledge because at NiSource, we're committed to building and maintaining an inclusive culture in a diverse workforce. Our teams understand that diversity is important in order for us to deliver on the expectations of our customers. So we're proud to join with other leading organizations to affirm our commitment to diversity and inclusion. We believe that if we provide our employees the right training and development opportunities and the right tools and technology, they will better serve our customers and communities. A great example of that is our continued modernization of our training program for our field operations employees. In May, we opened the second of 4 new state-of-the-art field employee training centers in suburban Columbus. Our first center opened near Pittsburgh last summer and another is expected to open later this year in Virginia. Construction has also begun on a facility in Massachusetts that will open in 2018. Now let's turn to some specific highlights for the second quarter from our gas operations on Slide 6. We continue to execute on our infrastructure modernization programs across all states and to advance key regulatory initiatives, all while growing our customer base. As I mentioned earlier, in Indiana, we received approval of our latest semi-annual tracker update covering approximately $61 million of investments that were made in the second half of 2016 which is part of a 7-year $845 million program to further improve system reliability and safety. In Ohio, our application for a 5-year extension of our Infrastructure Replacement Program remains pending before the Public Utilities Commission. Discussions with stakeholders continue following the PUCO staff's recommended approval with modifications last month. This well-established program authorized through the end of 2017 covers accelerated replacement of priority mainline pipe and immediate replacement of targeted customer service lines. A PUCO order in the new filing is expected by the end of the year.  On the rate case front, last week, we reached a settlement with all parties to our request in Maryland. The case supports expedited replacement of aging pipe and adoption of additional pipeline safety upgrades. If approved by the Maryland Public Service Commission, the settlement would result in an annual revenue increase of $2.4 million effective in late October. In May, new rates took effect with tracker updates in our Ohio Infrastructure Replacement Program and our Massachusetts Gas System Enhancement Plan which combined, include more than $300 million of investments.  Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania continues to execute on its robust modernization program as well with plans on track to invest more than $200 million in 2017.  Now let's turn to our Electric Operations on Slide 7. In June, NIPSCO, along with the Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor, the Citizens Action Coalition and a group of NIPSCO industrial customers submitted a settlement agreement seeking, among other things, approval and cost recovery for investments related to limiting coal ash emissions from certain units at our Michigan City and Schahfer generating stations. The settlement also calls for moving additional investments designed to reduce these units' impact on local waterways to a later proceeding. An IURC order on the CCR settlement is expected before the end of this year. We continue to execute on our 7-year electric infrastructure modernization program which includes enhancements to electric transmission and distribution infrastructure designed to improve system safety and reliability. Approximately $1.25 billion of investments are planned through 2022. We filed our second semi-annual tracker update request in June, covering about $134 million in investments made from May 2016 through April 2017. Our two major electric transmission projects remain on schedule with anticipated in-service dates in the second half of 2018. The 100-mile 345 kV and 65-mile 765 kV projects are designed to enhance region-wide flexibility and reliability. Substation line and tower construction are well underway for both projects. On the electric customer service front, I'm happy to report that last month, NIPSCO was recognized by J.D. Power as one of the most improved brands in the nation with a 59-point or 9%, improvement in its score. This strong performance helps demonstrate that our electric modernization program is benefiting customers and that our Indiana team, like all our teams, is focused on delivering the value our customers expect.  As we wrap up today, just some key takeaways before opening the call to your questions. NiSource's long term utility infrastructure modernization programs continue to create value for customers and communities, while also driving solid financial performance for our shareholders. Our successful refinancing efforts will result in interest expense savings and our recent debt and equity issuances have generated low-cost capital to invest in our high-value modernization programs. We now expect to deliver 2017 non-GAAP net operating earnings in the range of $1.17 to $1.20 per share and we remain on track to complete $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion in capital investments this year, continuing to execute our more than $30 billion in identified long term investment opportunities. With our robust investment plans and taking into account our increased earnings guidance range, we continue to expect to grow both operating earnings and our dividend by 5% to 7% annually through 2020, while maintaining our investment grade credit ratings. So thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. Now let's open the call to your questions. Sonya?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon: Glad you've continued to break out kind of the growth you're seeing from the customer growth initiatives. Can you just give some -- an update on that and kind of the trajectory there? And then secondly, just some more detail around the employee costs. Particularly, the net gas segment were up pretty high. Is that a timing issue or should we think about that as a new run rate?
Joseph Hamrock: Sure, Paul. Thanks. Both insightful questions. Let me touch on the growth update first. As we laid out at our investment -- Investor Day back in March, we have plans in place and expect to reach a run rate of 1% annual growth in customer additions by 2020. And this year is a pretty significant step for us in building and implementing capabilities to market those opportunities differently, to build the policy arena, to support that and to build the capabilities to execute. And we're ahead of plan through the second quarter in terms of the additions we've seen and feel very confident that our progress toward that ultimate goal of 1% sustained run rate is well on hand and well in sight for us. So I'd say encouragement confidence continues to grow. No significant change in our outlook for how these capabilities will ultimately fill in on the plan for us, but very good results so far. On the O&M side, I would say we're on plan through the second quarter and that's important to note. The mix of factors drive that year-on-year change that you see led by the things Donald touched on earlier in the call, the commitments to safety, reliability and training that we made in the last round of rate cases. And on top of that, transformation initiatives that we've been talking about that have some front-end investment required in customer service, in value-creating initiatives and then ultimately also growing our capabilities to execute at the new higher capital investment levels you're seeing this year. Ultimately, all of that we expect to level off after 2017. So not so much timing issues within the year as it is about the build of capabilities and execution driven by all of those factors so far this year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Turnure of JPMorgan.
Christopher Turnure: Can you just give us an update on the potential need for equity, both internal plans and the ATM program this year going forward. As well how we can think about your need there, given the fact that guidance is now higher for 2017 and you've done the big refi, you've had some regulatory success year-to-date, et cetera?
Donald Brown: Chris, this is Donald. I'll take that question. From an equity standpoint, we're still on plan with what we talked about and discussed at our Analyst Day of $200 million to $300 million a year. We think that it will be a consistent plan through 2020 of equity from ATM in that amount as well as $50 million to $60 million from the DRIP program. So no changes yet. I think our goal really is to have a stable predictable financing program. And again, all of that is included in our guidance for this year as well as through 2020.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. And then do you know what your earned ROE is on, let's say, a trailing 12-month basis or the earned ROE that you plan for underneath your updated guidance for the full year 2017 on a kind of consolidated basis at the utility level? Also, kind of earned ROE, excluding any kind of corporate impact?
Donald Brown: I'd say when you think about it from -- we've tend to look at each individual state as well as the overall returns. And each of our states, think about last year coming through 4 base rate cases. We're pretty close to our allowed ROE from -- in each of those cases, but we'll continue to monitor returns and determine when is the best time to go back in for base rate cases.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. So if we're kind of sitting here today looking forward coming out of a bunch of regulatory activity, there's no particular jurisdiction that's underperforming versus your expectations?
Donald Brown: No, not at all.
Operator: And our next question comes from Charles Fishman of Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: Just to make sure I understand this correctly on Slide 3. The -- I understand your operating earnings per share increased in your guidance and that the new base will now be 2017 guidance. But the dividend, am I reading this correctly? The -- that really doesn't change. Your 5% to 7% growth off the, what, $0.70 dividend we have for this year and that's still the guidance for dividend growth, correct?
Donald Brown: Yes. Consistently have laid out a plan for 5% to 7% growth in net operating earnings per share and dividend and that's guided predominantly by our policy of 60% to 70% payout on the EPS -- off of the EPS guidance.
Charles Fishman: Okay. If memory serves me, actually, the dividend increase this year was actually above that range, but that's not -- - I shouldn't read anything into that.
Donald Brown: Yes. I mean, think about it this way, the earnings in dividend commitment is 5% to 7%. If we were to outperform that range like we have in the past, we would also set the dividend so it's in the 60% to 70% payout range.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Second question on the Ohio infrastructure replacement extension. Is anything changing on that? I mean, are we -- are you increasing the projected amounts or?
Donald Brown: Yes. Charles, thanks for that question. The key change, if you will or update in the 5-year plan that we put in front of the commission and stakeholders is an increase in the level of investment and acceleration from the plan that we're in right now. So the current plan, this is year 5 of the 5-year plan, runs at a -- little over $1 billion across the 5 years. The proposal we put in front of stakeholders escalates that to about $1.3 billion, but it's the same mix of investments, the same program, the same risk profile that drives the recommended investments.
Charles Fishman: And how's the ROE set on that tracker?
Donald Brown: That's look back at the last rate case.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Easy question for you, what has to happen for you to hit the high end of your multiyear EPS guidance range or even to be in a position to raise that range a bit?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. As we've looked at our plan and how much it's driven by the investment programs that are here and the regulatory cadence, probably the most significant driver of any variation would be the mix of regulatory outcomes. We tend to be a portfolio of regulatory initiatives in any given year, so there's a range of potential outcomes that you might anticipate in this year. Last year was a peak on the base rate case cycle. This year is a little bit lower level of activity. That's the key driver. Behind that, you could have a load and O&M savings or O&M profile spending, but those are pretty stable, relative to the regulatory drivers in our plan.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And when we think about 2018 O&M as a growth rate relative to what you're kind of booking in 2017, how -- we're still talking 2018 is higher than 2017. It's just at a more inflationary type of rate versus the big uptick in '17? Or is there a scenario where 2018 and '19 are even down from '17?
Donald Brown: I think the way to think about it at this point is really a flat off of 2017 through the rest of the plan. We made, as Joe mentioned earlier, we started our transformation efforts last year in building the program and started making investments this year that really will drive efficiency and higher performance for the company. And expect that after 2017, our expenses really will be more, I'd say, flat versus inflationary at a inflation level.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from Gregg Orrill of Barclays.
Gregg Orrill: It looks like a couple of the transmission projects that you're working on, you expect to complete them in '18. Is there anything -- does that mean that we should sort of conclude that, that would drive you toward the lower part of the CapEx range that you're looking for, for '19 and '20? Or are there other things that would replace that?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes. Thank you, Greg. Thanks for the -- well, the transmission projects are -- are we still live? Well, the transmission projects are expected to be completed next year. Our mix of investments does shift throughout the 2020 planning horizon and I'd note that the CCR settlement that we filed, we ramp into that spending beginning yet this year and then you'd see some of that come on. So that mix is different over time. But generally, all expected to be in that $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion range that we set out on our Investor Day pro forma through 2020.
Gregg Orrill: Can you talk a little bit more about the details of the CCR settlement?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, sure. That is a retrofit to the units that we proposed continuing to run for compliance with the CCR rules, the coal ash rules. It's $193 million proposal supported -- that's not to exceed number in the settlement, supported by stakeholders for retrofits at both Schahfer and Michigan City. Fairly tried-and-true technology and high confidence in the efficacy of those investments. And the other small piece of that settlement is some of the front-end engineering and design for the Water Rule, just a few million dollars set up in that settlement to allow us to continue evaluating technologies for compliance with the ELG provisions as well. That would be deferred until a future rate case. But on the CCR side, it follows the federally mandated cost adjustment statute in Indiana which is an 80-20, 80% recovered, 20% deferred, much like our Titus program.
Gregg Orrill: And that would be the 9.75% ROE?
Joseph Hamrock: That's correct.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Russo of Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo: I'm sorry if I missed this earlier, but what specifically drove the $0.04 increase in the midpoint of your guidance?
Joseph Hamrock: Sure. Let me let Donald talk through some of the moving pieces in that.
Donald Brown: Yes. I think if you remember from our first quarter call, we did raise our guidance of -- our initial guidance for the year was $1.12 to $1.18. At the first quarter, we did narrow that guidance to the upper half of that range. And the only change that's really happened in the second quarter is the refinancing of the $1 billion which provides about $0.02 incremental earnings through interest savings. And so we did raise our guidance $1.17 to $1.20 to account for that savings.
Brian Russo: Okay, understood. So you exceeded your expectations on the refinancing and...
Donald Brown: Well, I guess, the way I'd answer is the -- in our initial guidance, the refinancing was not contemplated. So it was not part of our original plan.
Brian Russo: Okay, understood. So the new base is 2017. So in theory, the earnings outlook has increased by whatever, the $0.04 versus the prior guidance?
Donald Brown: That's correct.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joe Zhou of Avon Capital.
Joseph Hamrock: Joe, we can't hear you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And this does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Joe Hamrock for any further remarks.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you, Sonya and thanks again to all of you for joining us and your continued interest in and support of NiSource. Knowing it's a busy morning here in the market, turn the day back over to you, make it a great and safe day. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Randy G. Hulen - NiSource, Inc. Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc. Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.
Analysts: Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co. Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NiSource Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host, Mr. Randy Hulen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Randy G. Hulen - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the quarterly investor call. Joining me this morning are Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer; and Donald Brown, Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of today's call is to review NiSource's financial performance for the first quarter of 2017, as well as provide an update on our utility operations and growth drivers. We'll then open the call up to your questions. As a reminder, we will be referring to our supplemental earnings slides during this call. These slides are available on our website. Also available on our website is the document that contains segment and financial information to accompanying this presentation. Before turning the call over to Joe, just a quick reminder, some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. In addition, some of the statements made on this conference call relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and additional segment and financial information available on nisource.com. With all that out of the way, the call is now yours, Joe.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Randy. And good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. NiSource started 2017 with strong first quarter financial and operational results. I'm proud of our talented and dedicated teams across NiSource for delivering sustained value for our customers, community, and investors. The long-term modernization programs underway in each of our states provide clear and compelling investment opportunities, which our teams are effectively executing. Let's look at slide 3 of our supplemental deck and highlights some of our significant achievements thus far in 2017. We delivered net operating earnings per share non-GAAP of $0.71 compared to $0.62 during the same period in 2016. We're on plan to invest $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion in our gas and electric utility infrastructure across our seven states this year. These financial results and investment levels have NiSource on track to deliver non-GAAP annual net operating earnings in the upper half of the company's 2017 guidance range of $1.12 to $1.18 per share. Today, we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission an at-the-market or ATM equity issuance program. The ATM, combined with future debt offerings and our well-established dividend reinvestment program, is intended to provide a balanced financing approach for NiSource's utility capital investments. Consistent with what we shared with you at our Investor Day in March, we continue to expect to grow our net operating earnings per share and dividend at 5% to 7% annually through 2020. We also expect to invest $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion annually in our utility infrastructure programs from 2018 through 2020. These program investments are part of our more than $30 billion of identified long-term investment opportunities. We're also continuing to execute on our investment and regulatory programs across all seven of our states. The early 2017 highlights include regulatory approval of our base rate case settlement in Virginia, filling of a base rate case in Maryland, approvals of tracker updates for gas infrastructure programs in Massachusetts and Ohio, filling of a long-term infrastructure replacement plan update in Ohio, and continued electric transmission, distribution and environmental investments in Indiana. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Donald who will discuss our financial performance in more detail. Donald?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. As Joe mentioned earlier, it certainly was a strong start to the year. And we are now guiding to the upper half of our non-GAAP 2017 net operating earnings range of $1.12 to $1.18 per share. Now, turning to slide 4. We delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $231 million or $0.71 per share in the first quarter, compared with about $198 million or $0.62 per share for the same period in 2016. On an operating earnings basis, NiSource reported about $447 million for the quarter, which is an increase of about $48 million over the same period in 2016. On a GAAP basis, our operating income was about $417 million for the quarter versus about $381 million in the first quarter of 2016. Biggest driver of our solid financial performance continues to be the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investments. Let's now take a closer look at our segment level results. Our Gas Distribution Operations segment delivered operating earnings of about $364 million in the quarter, an increase of about $34 million compared with the same period in 2016. Excluding the impact of trackers, net revenues were up about $63 million, driven primarily by new rates from base rate cases and infrastructure replacement program. This increased gas revenue was partially offset by an approximately $29 million increase in operating expenses related to increased O&M, depreciation expense, and property taxes. Our Electric Operations segment reported operating earnings of about $84 million in the quarter, an increase of about $12 million from the first quarter of 2016. Once again, excluding the impact of trackers, net revenues were up about $24 million, driven by new rates from the base rate case and increased capital spending on the transmission projects. This increased electric revenue was partially offset by increased operating expenses of approximately $12 million, primarily due to increased O&M, a portion of which is related to items formerly tracked or deferred that were rolled into base rate as a result of the rate case. Full details of our first quarter results are available in our earnings release and supplemental financial information posted this morning at nisource.com. Now, turning to slide 5, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of March 31 was about $7.9 billion, with a weighted average maturity on long-term debt of approximately 13 years and a weighted average interest rate of approximately 5.4%. At the end of the first quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $789 million, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility. It's worth mentioning again that our credit ratings at the three major agencies are investment grade. Standard & Poor's rates NiSource at BBB+; Moody's at Baa2; and Fitch at BBB, all with stable outlook. Going forward, our financial foundation is solid and poised for continued growth. I'd also like to highlight that we filed an ATM equity issuance program with the SEC earlier this morning. This is consistent with the approach we outlined at our Investor Day in March, and is part of our balanced, predictable approach to financing our infrastructure investment programs. Keep in mind that all of our financing costs are included in our updated 2017 earnings guidance and the long-term earnings and dividend annual growth rates of 5% to 7% through 2020. Now, I'll turn the call back to Joe to discuss a few customer, infrastructure investment, and regulatory highlights.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Donald. Before getting into those details, I'd like to highlight a recognition we received that we're quite proud of. In March, the Ethisphere Institute named NiSource to its list of the world's most ethical companies for the sixth consecutive year. This designation supports our stakeholder commitments and is influenced by our employees' actions and the systems and processes we have in place. Our commitment to doing the right thing crosses every aspect of our day-to-day business interactions, ensuring we serve our customers with fairness, honesty, integrity, and trust day in and day out. And I would also like to encourage you to read our 2016 Integrated Annual Report which was published in April. For the first time, we combined our Annual Report to Stockholders and our Corporate Sustainability Report into a single publication. We did this to further illustrate how we've integrated our operational, financial, and social performance across our business strategy. In addition to our financial performance, the report focuses on other sustainability issues which are important to our stakeholders. Across both our gas and electric business segments, we're continuing to execute on our customer focused infrastructure modernization investments. Together with regulatory initiatives and enhanced customer programs, these investments are helping to improve system safety and reliability, customer service and response, and our system's environmental performance. Now, let's turn to some specific highlights for the first quarter from our gas operations on slide 6. We continue to make progress on our regulatory initiatives across all states. On the rate case front, we received approval of our settlement in Virginia and also filed a new case in Maryland. The Virginia order received in March, related to our 2016 base rate case, it allows for about a $29 million annual revenue increase and supports our continued investments related to safety, reliability, and system growth. Maryland's request filed last month supports continued replacement of aging pipe and adoption of pipeline safety upgrades. If approved, just filed, the Maryland base rate adjustment would result in an annual revenue increase of approximately $6 million. Our teams also continue to execute on our gas infrastructure replacement programs and make progress on tracker updates. Just last week, Columbia Gas of Massachusetts received regulatory approval of its 2017 Gas System Enhancement Plan which includes about $69 million of investments this year. In Indiana, we filed our semi-annual tracker update in late February, covering approximately $61 million of investments made in the second half of 2016. And in Ohio, we received an order on April 26 on our annual infrastructure replacement program rider adjustment, covering $235 million of investments made in 2016. Also, in Ohio, we filed for authority to continue our Infrastructure Replacement Program through the end of 2022. This well-established pipeline replacement program covers accelerated replacement of priority mainline pipe, and immediate replacement of targeted customer service lines. Now, let's turn to our Electric Operations on slide 7. In our electric business, we've continued to focus on investments which enhance safety, service reliability, environmental performance, and customer service as well as regulatory initiatives to support those investments. These include plans for environmental upgrades at certain units at our Michigan City and Schahfer generating stations. These investments, estimated at $400 million, are designed to reduce our impact on local waterways as well as coal ash emissions from these units and keep our fleet in compliance with federal regulations. We're also focused on executing our seven-year electric infrastructure modernization program which includes enhancements to electric transmission and distribution infrastructure, designed to improve system safety and reliability. Approximately $1.25 billion of investments are planned through 2022. And we began recovering on approximately $46 million of these investments effective in February of 2017. Our two major electric transmission projects remain on schedule with anticipated in-service dates in the second half of 2018. The 100-mile 345-kV and 65-mile 765-kV projects are designed to enhance region-wide system flexibility and reliability. Substation, line and tower construction are well underway for both projects. So, as we wrap up today, just some key takeaways before opening the call to your questions. NiSource's long-term utility infrastructure modernization programs continue to create value for customers and communities while also driving solid financial performance for our shareholders. Our successful regulatory outcomes in recent years support our high-value customer programs, things like pipeline and wire replacement, leak repair, enhanced line locating and capabilities, vegetation management and electric generation investments. These investments are leading to positive customer outcomes with respect to safety, reliability, and environmental performance of our systems. We expect to deliver 2017 non-GAAP net operating earnings at the upper end of our $1.12 to $1.18 per share guidance range, with about $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion in capital investments. And we continue to expect to invest $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion annually in our utility infrastructure from 2018 through 2020, and remain on track to execute against our more than $30 billion in identified long-term investment opportunities. With our robust investment plans, we continue to expect to grow both operating earnings and our dividend by 5% to 7% annually through 2020, while maintaining our investment grade credit ratings. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. Now, let's open the call to your questions. Brian?
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc. Sir, your line is now open.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning. Congratulations on the quarter.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Hey, good morning, Paul. Thank you very much.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just a clarification on the ATM. The $500 million, the tenure of the ATM is two years. So, it's basically in line with the $200 million to $300 million you talked about at Analyst Day, is that the right way to think about it?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. Paul, understanding that we're limited in what we can say about the ATM program and noting that all of the details about the program are in the prospectus supplement, the supplement filed today is consistent with the financing plan we outlined on Investor Day, calling for $200 million to $300 million of ATM equity each year.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then how should we think about the base going forward for your 5% to 7% earnings growth? Should we still be thinking about the midpoint of original guidance or kind of the midpoint of the upper half at this point? I know it's kind of splitting hairs, but just kind of want to get your views on it.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Hi, Paul. This is Donald. I'll take this. What we did outline in March was 5% to 7% annual earnings and dividend growth. So, I would certainly take the midpoint of kind of your expectation for our updated guidance and use the 5% to 7% annual growth off of that.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much. It clears that up. And you had a tailwind from some debt refinancings, that we've lapped that at this point, haven't we?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: I'm sorry. Could you ask that again, Paul?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: You had a little bit of a tailwind in the first quarter from some debt refinancings, but we've lapped that at this point, is that correct?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yes. So, we had some maturities over the last quarter, but no refinancings in the last year.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And thank you very much.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza from Guggenheim. Your line is now open.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning, Shahriar.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Let me ask you, I mean, you did – on the CapEx that you highlighted at the Analyst Day, the capital of $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion through 2020. It seems like you've got the O&M levers, rates remain relatively low. You've got the subsidy from gas. Is there an opportunity to accelerate some of that $30 billion-plus that you've identified in the Analyst Day pull forward, or sort of should we be thinking about the $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion somewhere around the midpoint?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah, you should stick to the $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion, keeping in mind, that is accelerated from where we had been for the past couple years. We've been steadily building to that level over the past couple years, and that's our new expected run rate for the planning horizon that we outlined at Investor Day, and feel very comfortable about executing in that range.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. And then, just lastly on the update to the infrastructure program in Ohio, is there another data point or we're just at a waiting point?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: There is no update to that. We're pending before the commission, we'd expect an order later this year. I would say that the plan we propose is consistent with the CapEx plan that we laid out on Investor Day as well.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Excellent. Thanks, guys. Congrats on the quarter.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Shahriar. Appreciate that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman from Morningstar. Your line is now open.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Good morning. Donald, if I could just ask for some clarification or maybe I just misunderstood this, I thought on – I thought you said that electric revenues benefited from the two transmission projects under construction and I – do you have a tracker that automatic – that goes to rates? Or I thought that was just a deferral on those until they are in operation.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: There is a tracker on our environmental spend in Indiana, and so we're receiving increased revenues as we spend on those programs.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): But on the two transmissions projects, is that where I misunderstood, you were talking about the environmental?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: I'd say on both, at environmental spend as well as on our transmission projects, we do earn as we're spending.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): But it also goes into revenue as well on the transmission? Or I mean, I know you earn on it as you told it.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yes. That's correct.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. That resolves that. That's the only question I had. Thank you.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: All righty. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I want to probe a little bit at both the gas and the electric side on O&M. And the only reason why is I'm looking at the detailed supplemental financials you provide, and I recognized that – and I love your disclosure because you break out. You're one of the only guys who does this, by the way, who breaks out what O&M or D&A were covered via trackers and what is just kind of true core O&M, that is unbelievably helpful. But if I look at true core O&M, and let's start with the gas side. Going from $200 million to $223 million. And then, on the electric side, going from $109.5 million to almost $124.5 million. Percentage wise, those are really big increases. And just curious, if they're not covered via trackers, how much of that is creating lag for NiSource? And how much of that is already kind of embedded in forward-looking rates?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. Michael, let me take a first crack at that and ask Donald to add some detail. You kind of hit on one of the key themes, the first thing I'd say, the O&M you're seeing in this quarter reflects our expected annual run rate fully ramped up now to the capabilities and investments that we set forth as we walked through the separation a couple years ago and it does reflect a shift of formerly tracked or deferred items that we rode in through the base rate case cycle we've been through over the past year, year and a half. So, you're seeing some of that geography shift as well. And inside those cases reflects commitments to some increased programs that we laid out in the various base rate cases, reliability, tree trimming programs, those kinds of things. So, I would characterize it not as indicative of expected ongoing growth, but a step that reflects our commitment to this level of spending and this level of customer value. That said, we expect it to flatten off here as we go forward and level off a bit as we go forward, and we did outline that at Investor Day. Anything you want to add to that Donald?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: No. I think you've said most of it. The key really is, if you think about last year being in five base rate cases, and many of those rate cases having forward test years or some portion of their rates having some forward looks to them, and so our O&M that's in our numbers and consistent with our plan are really embedded in much of our rates this year. Having said that, during our March Analyst Day, we talked about our transformation program that we've really started last year and have kicked off this year. That is not in rates built into our rate program, and so there is some lag to those. But we expect that those dollars that we're spending and investing in that program will ultimately lead to us being able to level off our total O&M spending and have flatter expenses after 2017.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And if I were to just look back at 2016 and then look at your 2017 guidance, if you had to think about what's your earned return on rate base is, what was 2016 just kind of a system wide average? And what does your guidance imply for 2017?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: So, I'd say – no, from an ROE standpoint, we are typically earning close to our authorized rates of return which are – we've got them posted in our materials, they range from 9.5% to 10% ROE. So, with our tracker programs and about 70% to 75% of our capital rolling through those tracker programs, we're able to stay pretty close to our overall authorized rates – returns on equity.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Liou from JPMorgan. Sir, your line is now open.
Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for taking my question. Can you just expand a little bit on your decision to merge NiSource FinCo, Capital Markets, and also kind of change the structure you will be issuing debt out of?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yes, certainly. And this is Donald again. So, the merger of NiSource Finance with NiSource, Inc really is a cleanup of our legal entity structures and will allow us to really just simplify our overall structure. Over the past, as you know, NiSource, Inc has guaranteed all of the debt of NiSource Finance. And so, as we look at just the overall strategy, it just makes sense to bring them together since NiSource, Inc was already on the hook for that debt in the first place. So, we do need to go through the approvals. We've got a couple states that we'll require to go through a regulatory process to get approval to merge these. But assuming we do get that approval, we would then merge NiSource Finance into NiSource, Inc and issue all future debt out of NiSource, Inc.
Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And I guess just when it comes to the intercompany notes when you can borrow from the holding company and then you kind of inject it down to the opco, would you classify those as kind of promissory notes, like, is there a written agreement between the two? Or is it just more general in that?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: They are promissory notes, absolutely. They are legal promissory notes.
Larry Liou - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc. Sir, your line is now open.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. I noticed you broke out customer growth at the gas companies. Kind of how is that trending and kind of what's the trajectory for your initiatives to a kind of that – the customer growth are you seeing?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. Paul, thanks for asking that. We are on track, maybe a little bit ahead of plan, so far, this year in terms of the outlook that we shared on Investor Day, which was steady climb to a net 1% per year growth by 2020. So, we're well in line with that plan, and had favorable conditions in the first quarter as well for construction, which I think helped us to stay on or a bit ahead of track there.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. That helps. Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And I am showing no further questions, and I would like to turn the call back to Joe Hamrock, CEO, for any further remarks.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you, Brian. And thanks to all of you for your ongoing interest and your support of NiSource. Again, we appreciate your engagement and the opportunity to talk with you. Have a great day and a safe day. Take care. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Randy G. Hulen - NiSource, Inc. Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc. Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NiSource Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this call will be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Randy Hulen, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Randy G. Hulen - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you, Catherine, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our quarterly investor call. Joining me this morning are Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer; and Donald Brown, Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of today's call is to review the NiSource financial performance for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2016, as well as provide an overall update on our utility operations and growth drivers. We'll then open the call up to your questions. As a reminder, we will be referring to our supplemental slides during this call. These slides are available on our website. Also available on our website is a document that contains segment and financial information to accompany this presentation. Before turning the call over to Joe, just a couple of reminders, some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. In addition, some of the statements made on this conference call relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and additional segment and financial information available on NiSource.com. In that document, you'll also find our full financial schedules that have historically been available in our earnings release. One final reminder, when comparing our full year 2016 results to 2015, keep in mind that we successfully completed the separation of Columbia Pipeline Group on July 1, 2015, and those results for CPG are now classified as discontinued operations. So, with all that out of the way, the call is yours, Joe.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. 2016 marks the first fiscal year for NiSource operating exclusively as a regulated utility company, and the financial and operational results that our team produced during the year demonstrate the enduring strengths of our long-term infrastructure investment strategy. The customer-focused investments we're making are enhancing the safety, reliability and environmental performance of our systems, as well as customer service and employee training, all of which supported earnings and dividend growth for our investors. Let's look at slide 3 of our supplemental deck and highlight some of our significant achievements in 2016 and early 2017. We delivered net operating earnings per share non-GAAP of $1.09, which compares to $0.94 in 2015, and is near the upper-end of our 2016 guidance of $1.05 to $1.10. We invested a record $1.5 billion in our gas and electric utility infrastructure across our seven states. The value these investments deliver included replacement of 406 miles of priority pipe, 12% more than in 2015, driving continued reductions in leaks, outages and emissions. In addition, we replaced 60 miles of underground cable and more than 1,200 electric poles, improving electric reliability for our Indiana customers. We also completed significant regulatory initiatives supporting these investments across our footprint. These included gas base rate case settlement approvals in Kentucky, Maryland and Pennsylvania, and just last month reaching a settlement agreement in Virginia, as well as approvals of settlements in a long-term electric modernization program and electric base rate case in Indiana, and finally, infrastructure tracker updates in several states. We're committed to further reduce our greenhouse gas emissions through these continued gas modernization investments and planned coal-fired plant retirements as we diversify our electric generation portfolio. In fact, in early 2016, we became a charter member of the U.S. EPA's Methane Challenge Program, committing to reduce our methane emissions by more than 300 million cubic feet over five years. We also added about 33,000 new customers in 2016, our best year for customer growth in a decade. The growth was driven by a number of factors, including an increase in gas conversions from other fuels, recovery in the new housing market, and low customer attrition. With our continuing track record of producing strong results and the confidence that we have the right business plan and the right team in place, we are reaffirming our net operating earnings guidance of $1.12 per share to $1.18 per share for 2017. In addition, we now expect to invest about $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion in our infrastructure this year, up from our prior estimate of $1.5 billion. The increase is driven primarily by investments on the electric side related to increasing service reliability and repositioning our generation fleet. These investment levels keep NiSource on pace for continuing sustained execution on the $30 billion of identified regulated utility investments we first outlined in 2014. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Donald who will discuss our financial performance in more detail.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Joe, and good morning everyone. Turning to slide 4, as Joe mentioned earlier, we delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $351 million or $1.09 per share in 2016 compared with about $299 million or $0.94 per share in 2015. On an operating earnings basis, NiSource reported about $894 million for the year, which is an increase of about $62 million over the same year in 2015. On a GAAP basis, our operating income was about $858 million for 2016 versus about $800 million in 2015. The biggest driver of our solid financial performance continues to be the impact of our long-term infrastructure investments. Now, let's take a closer look at our segment level results. Our Gas Distribution Operations segment delivered operating earnings of about $598 million in 2016, an increase of about $30 million from 2015, and our Electric Operations segment reported operating earnings of about $302 million in 2016, an increase of about $23 million from 2015. These increases were driven primarily by higher net revenues from returns earned on our infrastructure investments across our seven states. And as Joe mentioned, our net operating earnings for the year came in near the upper end of our guidance range, and our solid overall results demonstrate the strength of our investment-driven plan. For full details of our results, including details of our fourth quarter performance, are available in our earnings release and supplemental financial information posted this morning at NiSource.com. Now, turning to slide 5, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of December 31 was about $7.9 billion, with a weighted average maturity on long-term debt of approximately 13 years and a weighted average interest rate of approximately 5.4%, down from 5.9% at the end of 2015. At the end of the year, we maintained net available liquidity of about $684 million, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility. I'll note that we increased our credit facility by $350 million to $1.85 billion during the fourth quarter to provide additional liquidity and support for our capital investment program. It's also worth mentioning again that our credit ratings at the three major agencies are investment-grade. Standard & Poor's rates NiSource at BBB+; Moody's at Baa2; and Fitch at BBB, all with stable outlook. Going forward, our financial foundation is strong and poised (09:50) for continued growth. But before turning the call back to Joe, I'd like to briefly address federal tax reform, which we know is a topic that many of you are tracking closely. As with any potential legislation that could affect our customers and shareholders, NiSource is actively monitoring the discussion and working with our industry partners at AGA and EEI as well as elected officials help shape a balanced and constructive outcome. Our objectives in this policy efforts are to retain interest deductibility, ensure fair and effective transition rules, while also balancing the interest of our customers and our shareholders. I'd also say, it's way too early to comment specifically on tax reform. However, I would note that as a 100% regulated company, most tax changes would be reflected in customer rates and has minimal to no impact on regulated earnings. Sorry, I think we're having a fire drill here. We're going to check on that. I'll continue until we get noticed. So, where was it, say, it's too early – we are a 100% regulated company, and so, most tax changes would be reflected in customer rates and has minimal to no impact on regulated earnings and only a modest potential impact on cash flow. The primary exposure NiSource has under some current proposals is related to a portion of our corporate level debt, not capitalized and regulated operating companies, or our current investment programs. Therefore, eliminating the deductibility of interest and/or reducing the corporate tax rate below the current 35% would have a modest dilutive impact on consolidated earnings. Now, I'll turn the call back to Joe to discuss a few customer, infrastructure investment, and regulatory highlights.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Donald. We've continued to execute on our well-established, customer-focused infrastructure modernization investments. Together with regulatory initiatives and enhanced customer programs, we're focused on delivering our results the right way with our customers, communities, employees, and investors in mind. In 2016, we received several recognitions for doing just that. For instance, we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America for the third straight year. The Ethisphere Institute named NiSource to its list of the World's Most Ethical Companies for the fifth year in a row. And we were named by Forbes Magazine as one of America's Best Large Employer, an honor based on independent surveys of employees at the nation's largest organizations. We're also continuing to provide programs and services that can help our customers reduce energy usage and manage their bills. For instance, in December, the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio approved a plan by Columbia Gas of Ohio to continue offering its energy efficiency programs for another six years. We expect that approximately 700,000 customers will benefit from these programs during that period, helping them save money by reducing their gas, electric, and water usage. Since the separation of Columbia Pipeline Group on July 1, 2015, NiSource has produced a total shareholder return of nearly 41%, outperforming the Dow Jones Utility Index, and in November we were ranked number one for total shareholder return among mid-cap electric companies over a five-year period by the Edison Electric Institute. Now let's turn to some specific highlights for the fourth quarter from our Gas Operations on slide 6. New rates became effective December 19 at Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania following Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission approval in October of a joint settlement agreement in our base rate case. The approved settlement supports the continued upgrade and replacement of infrastructure and allows recovery of increases in safety-related operating and maintenance costs. The new rates increase annual revenue by $35 million and the settlement includes incentives to expand gas service to commercial customers. In Virginia, we reached the settlement in January with all parties to our base rate case pending before the Virginia State Corporation Commission. The settlement, if approved, as filed would allow for about a $29 million annual revenue increase. We filed the rate request in April 2016, seeking to adjust base rates to recover investments that improve the overall safety and reliability of the distribution system. The case also supports the growth of our Virginia system, driven by increased customer demand for service. Updated interim base rates subject to refund were implemented in September. On February 8, the hearing examiner recommended approval of the settlement without modification and a Commission's decision is expected in the first half of 2017. In Kentucky, we implemented new base rates on December 27, following Kentucky Public Service Commission modification and approval of our base rate case settlement agreement. The approval includes an annual revenue increase of about $13 million and will allow for continued system modernization and pipeline safety investments. In Maryland, we implemented new base rates on October 27, following Maryland Public Service Commission approval of a settlement agreement in our base rate case. The approval increases annual revenue by about $4 million and supports the continued replacement of aging infrastructure and increased pipeline safety investment. In Massachusetts, we implemented revised rates under our 2015 base rate case settlement. The settlement provided for about a $4 million incremental annual revenue increase effective November 1, 2016, which was in addition to the approximately $33 million increase that took effect on November 1, 2015. The settlement supports our continued efforts to modernize our pipeline infrastructure and reduce emissions, while positioning our Massachusetts operations to continue to serve customers safely and reliably. [Technical Difficulty] (16:56-24:53)
Randy G. Hulen - NiSource, Inc.: Hello, Catherine. This is Randy Hulen again. We are back in the building and ready to reconvene. So, we apologize for the inconvenience to everyone, but we appreciate your patience. So, as soon as Joe grabs the seat, we'll restart where he left off. Thanks.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Randy, and thanks, Catherine. And again, our apologies for that. Although I will say as we keep safety as our top priority in all that we do important that we respond to these kind of incidents appropriately, so thanks for your patience and we'll pick up right where we left off. I was updating on our gas business segment and regulatory activity had gone through a number of the states, I will resume with the Massachusetts story where we implemented revised rates under our 2015 base rate case settlement. That settlement provided for about a $4 million incremental annual revenue increase effective November 1, 2016, which was in addition to the approximately $33 million increase that took effect on November 1, 2015. The settlement supports our continued efforts to modernize our pipeline infrastructure and reduce emission while positioning our Massachusetts operations to continue to serve customers safely and reliably. In Indiana, we continued to execute on our seven-year $824 million gas infrastructure modernization program to further improve system reliability and safety. On December 28, the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission, or IURC, approved our semi-annual tracker update covering about $67 million of investments that were made in the first half of 2016 under this program. Several other NiSource utilities also filed annual tracker updates related to their gas infrastructure modernization programs. This includes Columbia Gas of Massachusetts under its Gas System Enhancement Program, Columbia Gas of Virginia under Virginia's SAVE Act Program, and Columbia Gas of Maryland under its Strategic Infrastructure Development and Enhancement Program. Combined, these filings provide for recovery of about $125 million in capital investments focused on safety and reliability. The SAVE and STRIDE updates were approved in December. In Massachusetts, we expected a Department of Public Utilities order prior to May 1, 2017 when the update is scheduled to be implemented. As you can see across our gas utilities, we had a robust list of accomplishments on the regulatory, customer, and infrastructure fronts to wrap up 2016. Now let's turn to our Electric Operations on slide 7. On November 1, NIPSCO submitted its Integrated Resource Plan to the IURC. It outlines NIPSCO's plans to meet its customers' anticipated long-term energy needs. The NIPSCO team worked constructively with stakeholders to develop a balanced plan focused on providing customers affordable, clean energy while maintaining flexibility for future technology and market changes. Under the plan, NIPSCO would retire 50% of its coal-fired generating fleets by the end of 2023, including Bailly Generating Station Units 7 and 8 and R.M. Schahfer Generating Station Units 17 and 18. The Midcontinent Independent System Operator has approved closure of Bailly Units 7 and 8 by mid-2018. Also, as outlined in the plan, on November 1, NIPSCO requested IURC approval to invest approximately $400 million in required environmental upgrades at its Michigan City Unit 12 and Schahfer Units 14 and 15 generating facilities. New rates became effective October 1 under NIPSCO's electric base rate case settlement, which was approved by the IURC on July 18. The settlement provides a platform for NIPSCO's continued investments and service improvements for customers and increases NIPSCO's annual revenues by about $73 million. We're also focusing Indiana on executing our seven-year electric infrastructure modernization program, which includes enhancements to electric transmission and distribution systems, designed to improve safety and reliability. The IURC approved program represents approximately $1.25 billion of investments to be made through 2022. We began recovering on approximately $46 million of these investments this month. And finally, our two major electric transmission projects remain on schedule with anticipated in-service dates in the second half of 2018. The 100-mile, 345-kV and 65-mile, 765-kV projects are designed to enhance region-wide system flexibility and reliability. Substation, line and tower construction are underway for both projects. Before opening the call to your questions, I'd like to remind everyone of our Investor Day scheduled for March 8 in New York City. That's in two weeks. The event will begin at 8 o'clock AM Eastern Time and I will be joined there by other members of NiSource's senior management team to discuss in detail the company's regulated utility infrastructure investment strategy. The event will be webcast live on NiSource.com. As we wrap up today, just some key takeaways for the year and our long-term investment proposition. NiSource's long-term utility infrastructure modernization programs continue to enhance value for customers and communities, while also driving solid financial performance for our shareholders. We expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings of $1.12 per share to $1.18 per share in 2017, with about $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion in capital investments. With our robust investment plans, we continue to expect to grow both net operating earnings per share and our dividend every year, while maintaining our investment-grade credit ratings. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. Now, let's open the call to your questions. Catherine?
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Joe Hamrock, CEO, for any closing remarks.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you, Catherine. I appreciate that. We'll take that not as a sign of no questions, but as an indication that we'll have a chance to talk in a couple of weeks and we do look forward to that. Thanks again for your interest in NiSource. Once again, a reminder about our Investor Day on March 8 in New York City. It will be a great opportunity to do a deeper dive into our business and give you a chance to hear from some other members of our senior team. Thanks for your interest today, and have a great and safe day. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Randy G. Hulen - NiSource, Inc. Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc. Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.
Analysts: Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) John J. Barta - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2016 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Randy Hulen, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Randy G. Hulen - NiSource, Inc.: Thank you, Vicky, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the NiSource quarterly investor call. Joining me this morning are Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer; and Donald Brown, Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of today's call is to review the NiSource financial performance for the third quarter of 2016, as well as provide an update on the utility operations and growth drivers. We'll then open the call up to your questions. We will be referring to our supplemental earnings slides during this call. These are available on the NiSource website. Also available on our website is a document containing segment and financial information to accompany this presentation. Before turning the call over to Joe, just a quick reminder that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. In addition, some of the statements made on this conference call relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and additional segment and financial information available on nisource.com. In that document, you'll also find our full set of financial schedules that have historically been available in our earnings release. So with all that covered, the call is yours, Joe.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Let's start on page three of our supplemental slides. The NiSource team has continued to execute programs and regulatory initiatives that benefit our customers by enhancing system safety, reliability and customer services, while driving solid financial performance. Based on our results through the first nine months of the year, we continue to expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings of $1.05 to $1.10 per share for 2016. We are also on pace to complete approximately $1.5 billion in capital investments. Based on these strong results and with confidence in our ability to continue executing on our investment programs, we are initiating 2017 net operating earnings guidance of $1.12 to $1.18 per share. Additionally, we expect to complete approximately $1.5 billion in planned utility infrastructure investments in 2017. These investment levels keep NiSource on pace for continuing sustained execution on the more than $30 billion of identified regulated utility investments outlined in 2014, investments that we expect to drive 4% to 6% long-term annual growth in both net operating earnings and dividends. With this robust level of investment and steady earnings and dividend growth projected, NiSource remains committed to maintaining our investment grade credit ratings and strong liquidity. Let's now turn to our third quarter performance. Starting with the business highlights, we continue to make progress on the regulatory front, with settlements approved in our base rate cases at Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania and Columbia Gas of Maryland. Additionally, a settlement was reached in Columbia Gas of Kentucky's rate case and interim rates were implemented while we continue through the regulatory process in Virginia. At NIPSCO Electric, updated base rates went into effect last month, following a final order approving our settlement reached in July. And our long-term electric generation strategy is advancing. We'll discuss each of these significant milestones in a few minutes. On the financial side, we delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of $0.06 per share versus $0.06 per share in the third quarter of 2015. Donald will go into a bit more detail on these results, which can be found on page four of our supplemental slides and in our segment and financial information available in the Investors section of nisource.com. Donald?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. As Joe mentioned, we are on pace to meet our guidance range of $1.05 to $1.10 per share non-GAAP. For the third quarter, on an operating earnings basis, NiSource reported about $107 million for the quarter, which is a decrease of about $9 million over the same period in 2015. On a GAAP basis, our operating income was about $114 million for the quarter versus about $110 million in the third quarter of 2015. Annually, the biggest driver continues to be the impact of our long-term infrastructure modernization investments. I would note that these investments have a somewhat muted impact each year in the third quarter due to inherent lower seasonal sales on our natural gas business. On a segment level, our Gas Distribution Operations segment delivered operating earnings of about $5 million, a decrease of about $17 million from 2015. This variance was driven primarily by non-track O&M expenses of about $206 million, which is consistent with the quarterly run rate of about $204 million in the last three quarters. This quarter-over-quarter variance of $18 million was largely attributable to employee-related benefit true-ups and post-separation staffing, as well as higher outside service costs driven by gas compliance and maintenance activities. The quarter-over-quarter O&M variance was partially offset by new base rates at Columbia Gas of Massachusetts and Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania, as well as new rates under Columbia Gas of Ohio's infrastructure replacement program. Our Electric Operations segment reported operating earnings of about $105 million, an increase of about $3 million from 2015. Similar to the Gas segment, Electric Operations non-tracked O&M of about $115 million was consistent with the last three quarters' average of about $115 million. However, it was about $14 million higher than in the third quarter of 2015. This quarter-over-quarter variance in O&M was primarily attributable to increased generation-related maintenance activities and employee and administration costs related to benefit true-ups. This variance was offset by higher revenue from increased capital spend on electric transmission projects and environmental investments. As you can see, solid progress for the year with continued growth projected for the fourth quarter as we continue to execute our capital program and regulatory initiative. Now, turning to slide five, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of September 30 was about $7.7 billion with a weighted average maturity on long-term debt of approximately 13 years and a weighted average interest rate of approximately 5.4%, down from 5.88% at the end of 2015. At the end of the third quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $677 million, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facility. And as a reminder, currently, Standard & Poor's rates NiSource at BBB+, Moody's at Baa2 and Fitch at BBB, all with stable outlook. Now, I'll turn the call back to Joe to discuss a few customer, infrastructure investment, and regulatory highlights.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Donald. I'll start by highlighting some recognition we recently received. In September, NiSource was named for the third straight year to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index in recognition of our sustainable business practices and performance. We're proud of this achievement. A sustainable approach to safety, reliability, customer experience, environmental performance and community engagement is core to our strategy, which delivers value to all of our stakeholders including you, our investors. In order to sustain the company and to continue to execute on our long-term strategy, it's important that we have the right talent in place with the proper skills throughout their career. To support that goal, we are advancing our field training program. The first of four new employee training centers featuring modern simulators, hands-on training labs and safety towns opened in Pennsylvania in July. This center is expected to serve on average 35 employees per day and provide training for 100 first responders each year. In August, we broke ground on a similar center in Ohio, and will begin construction of a facility in Virginia later this month. In Massachusetts, we expect to break ground on a center next spring. You can learn more about our approach to training and the features of these centers, which are gaining significant industry attention, via a link on the home page of nisource.com. In addition to enhancing system safety and reliability, our utility investments are focused on growing our customer base. This summer, we launched pilot programs in Pennsylvania and Indiana, which are designed to add gas customers through conversions from other fuel sources. The programs include adding field employees who are dedicated to assisting customers through the conversion process and interfacing with builders and developers, enhanced marketing, building trade ally networks and streamlining internal processes to accommodate customer conversions. We plan to expand the program to all NiSource states by 2018. Now, let's turn to some specific highlights for the quarter from our gas operations on slide six. In Pennsylvania, on October 27, we received Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission approval of a settlement agreement in our base rate case. The approved settlement supports the company's continued upgrading and replacement of infrastructure and allows recovery of increases in safety-related operating and maintenance costs. It will increase annual revenue by $35 million and also includes incentives to expand gas service to commercial customers. New rates will go into effect in December. And in Virginia, we implemented updated interim base rates, subject to refund, on September 28. The new rates are a part of a base rate case which remains pending before the Virginia State Corporation Commission. The request seeks to adjust base rates to recover investments and other costs associated with the company's ongoing initiatives to improve overall system safety and reliability and to grow the system in response to increasing customer demand for service. If approved as filed, the case would result in an annual revenue increase of $37 million. A commission decision is expected early next year. Our base rate case in Kentucky is progressing, with the settlement agreement reached with parties in late October, and is being heard today by the Kentucky Public Service Commission. If approved as filed, the settlement would increase annual revenue by $13.4 million and allow for continued system modernization and pipeline safety investments to improve overall system safety and reliability. A commission decision is expected by the end of the year. And in Maryland, the commission approved the settlement agreement in our base rate case. The settlement includes an annual revenue increase of $3.7 million and provisions to encourage customer growth. And most importantly, it supports the continued replacement of aging infrastructure and the adoption of increased pipeline safety upgrades. In Indiana at NIPSCO Gas, the team continues to execute on its seven-year, approximately $800 million gas infrastructure modernization program to further improve system reliability and safety. In August, the company filed its semi-annual tracker update covering an additional $67 million of investments made in the first half of 2016. An order by the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission is expected in the fourth quarter of 2016. Other NiSource companies have filed tracker update request in support of their gas infrastructure modernization programs. This includes Columbia Gas of Massachusetts under its Gas System Enhancement Plan and Columbia Gas of Virginia under its SAVE Act, Steps To Advance Virginia's Energy Plan program. Combined, these filings cover about $110 million in capital investments focuses on safety and reliability. As you can see, much progress on the regulatory customer and infrastructure fronts with several things to be resolved before the year's end. Now, let's turn to our Electric Operations on slide seven. New rates became effective on October 1, under NIPSCO's electric base rate case settlement. The approved settlement provides a platform for NIPSCO's continued electric infrastructure investments and service improvements for customers, and it increases the company's annual base rate revenues by about $73 million. NIPSCO is also focused on executing on its long-term electric infrastructure modernization program, which includes enhancements to the electric transmission and distribution system, designed to improve system safety and reliability. In July, the Indiana Commission approved the settlement related to the program, which allowed for recovery of approximately $1.25 billion of investments to be made through 2022. NIPSCO expects to begin recovering on $46 million of these investments beginning in February 2017. The company's two major electric transmission projects remain on schedule with anticipated in-service dates in the second half of 2018. Both projects are designed to enhance region-wide system flexibility and reliability. Substation, line and tower construction are well under way for both projects. Finally, NIPSCO will submit its Integrated Resource Plan or IRP, to the Indiana Commission later today. The IRP process is conducted by Indiana electricity providers to outline their plan to meet their customers' anticipated long-term energy needs. The NIPSCO team has worked constructively with stakeholders to develop a balanced plan focused on providing customers affordable, clean energy while maintaining flexibility for future technology and market changes. The plan remains consistent with the future generation strategy we previewed in August. As outlined in the IRP, NIPSCO today will also file with the IURC for approval to construct required environmental investments at its Michigan City and Schahfer generating facilities. So, before opening the call to questions, I'd like to lift up some key takeaways for the remainder of the year and 2017. NiSource's long-term utility infrastructure modernization programs continue to produce benefits for customers and communities, while also driving solid financial performance. We expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings of $1.05 to $1.10 per share for 2016, and we expect 2017 net operating earnings of $1.12 to $1.18 per share. Our robust investment plans include approximately $1.5 billion in planned utility infrastructure investments in 2017. NiSource expects to complete about $1.5 billion in such investments in 2016. These investment levels keep NiSource on pace for sustained execution on the more than $30 billion of identified long-term regulated utility investments that we outlined in 2014. And we continue to expect to grow both operating earnings and our dividend by 4% to 6% annually, while maintaining our investment grade credit rating. Finally, while we'll provide more specific details later, I wanted to highlight that we are planning to host an Investor Day sometime in the latter part of the first quarter of 2017. This New York event will provide an opportunity for the NiSource team to share a more comprehensive picture of our utility investment strategy. So, stay tuned, more to come as we confirm the date and details of that event. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. Now, let's open the call to your questions. Vicky?
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC: Hey, good morning, Joe. How are you?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC: Thanks for the time this morning. Just had a couple of questions. I think Donald hit on some of this, but the costing items, and I think just the cadence expected going forward, I think principally at the gas side, can we just talk about that? I just want to review it. You had said employee-related benefit true-up costs were part of the year-on-year change, but effectively, the cadence over the last three quarters, at least, the non-tracked O&M costs...
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah, let me ...
Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC: ...ranging in that low $200 million range. Is that something we should expect roughly going forward?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Let me ask Donald to shed a little more light on those details, but the higher level point I would stress is that, if you look at year-to-date expenses on a consolidated basis, it's about 2% higher than prior year, year-to-date, expense profiles, although there are certainly some shifts in the expense profile across the businesses and some deliberate timing of certain work programs we've put in place. But I'll ask Donald to share a little more insight into some of those shifts in the spending patterns.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Joe. And that's right, I think, if we look at it on an annual basis, we're about 2% year-over-year growth, which is in line with our expectations, as well as our guidance for 2016. In the quarter, we did have some accrual true-ups on pension as well as healthcare and other employee benefits that were higher than, I'd say, last year's quarter. So, nothing that's out of the ordinary, really just kind of looking at kind of our historical performance, as well as the pension performance. So, we've seen some higher pension expenses this year based upon kind of last year's results of the fund performance.
Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And in terms of – not to get too in the weeds on any of the components of your 2017 guidance, but broadly speaking, Donald, is that sort of the cadence and magnitude of O&M creep you think you might see next year?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah, it's right. I think we're in the 2% to 3% range next year. We're still finalizing the plan, but it is consistent with our guidance of $1.12 to $1.18.
Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then I guess on the converse side, the debt cost improvement that you mentioned, I think it's around 50 basis points since the end of last year. I'm just wondering, any effort or opportunity to maybe refinance? I think you guys do have some higher coupon tranches sitting out there later in the decade. I'm just wondering if there is any opportunity to get rid of that stuff earlier, if there's a view around rates rising or anything along that line?
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: No, I mean, we consistently look at what's the right time to – if there's an opportunity to refinance that higher coupon debt. I think the challenge that we see is around the premiums you've got to pay upfront. I tend to look at that type of analysis and compare the returns that I can get from my regulatory investments versus paying those premiums. And for most cases, it does not end up being NPV-positive investments. So, we've got a lot of debt kind of over the next three years or four years, about $500 million a year, that's going to mature anyway. And so, while we'll continue to look at the opportunities to refinance early, I think over time will also just naturally bring the cost of debt down lower.
Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great.
Donald E. Brown - NiSource, Inc.: And I would say that we have hedged a portion of our expected refinancing for 2017 and 2018 to lock in rates and take some of that risk off the table.
Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. And I think final question for me. Joe, you mentioned that in the release today, I'm just curious if there's anything sort of additionally supporting it, but the comments or the disclosures around the employee training centers, just curious if that's purely an on-source initiative or if that's something that any of the regulators have sort of inquired about? I mean, I know you guys have had a focus on obviously safety and training for some time. But just curious what's – I guess, what's new and what's different now? And maybe what's the impetus behind it?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Yeah. Great question, Chris, that's really our initiative driven to ensure faster, readiness and proficiency for our field workforce in an era of changing regulations and changing expectations from our customer base as well. Not so much driven by regulators, but certainly supported by regulators.
Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Good. Thanks so much for the time this morning, guys.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Chris. Have a good one.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Your line is now open.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you. The only question I had is, on the IRP that's going to be filed later today, does that include any transmission?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: It doesn't include specific transmission asset of retirements or projects, but it's certainly based on our outlook for transmission support for the generating portfolio.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. I guess, I did have a follow-up on that is, are renewables going to be included in that as well?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: We have laid out in this IRP an outlook for the retirement as we noted of some of the current coal units and what I'll call an expected or a default view of replacement capacity in the middle of the next decade, predominantly combined cycle generation, at this point gas generation. We'll continue to look at the ideal portfolio before we commit to those decisions, which we don't expect the need to do for another couple of years at this point, based on the retirement schedules and the capacity profile.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. That's all I have. Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Charles.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Barta with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
John J. Barta - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Good morning, John.
John J. Barta - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So, I just have kind of a bigger picture-type question. Over the last couple of years, we've seen a handful of transactions in the midstream space, and I'm just curious, is there anything holding you back from potentially getting back in there on a larger scale. I know you've tons of opportunities already out there. But is there anything from a legal perspective from Columbia or anything like that that's potentially holding you back from getting back in that space?
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, John. It's a very insightful question. Not being, certainly, from a legal or regulatory perspective holding us back there, more of a focus of ours today committed to the $30 billion of identified investments on the gas LDC and the transmission assets that we currently operate as well as the electric side. We certainly look at opportunities occasionally, but our focus is much more dominated by the infrastructure modernization opportunities that we see in our current footprint.
John J. Barta - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Well, thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, John.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Joe Hamrock for closing remarks.
Joseph J. Hamrock - NiSource, Inc.: Thanks, Vicky, and thank you all for your time and attention today. We look forward to seeing many of you at the EEI Financial Conference next week. And until then, please have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Randy G. Hulen - Vice President-Investor Relations Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Donald E. Brown - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer
Analysts: Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc. Andrew Levi - Avon Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2016 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to Randy Hulen. You may begin.
Randy G. Hulen - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Michelle, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the NiSource quarterly investor call. Joining me this morning are Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer; and Donald Brown, Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of today's call is to review NiSource's financial performance for the second quarter of 2016 as well as provide an update on our utility operations and growth drivers. We'll then open the call up to your questions. Please note, we will be referring to supplemental earnings slides during this call. These slides are available on our website. Also on our website is a document which contains segment and financial information to accompany this presentation. Before turning the call over to Joe, just a quick reminder, some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. Additionally, some statements made on this conference call relate to non-GAAP measures. For additional information on the most directly comparable GAAP measure and a reconciliation of these measures, please refer to the supplemental slides and supplemental segment and financial information available on NiSource.com. In that document, you'll also find our full financial schedules that have historically been available in our earnings release. With all that covered, I'd now like to turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Randy. And good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining us. Let's start on page three of our supplemental slides. With 12 months of execution behind us since the separation of our interstate pipeline business, NiSource is well positioned as a premier pure-play regulated utility with a solid long-term business plan based on large-scale infrastructure modernization programs. Since well before the separation, we've been building momentum, executing our electric and gas investment and regulatory programs, while enhancing our focus on customer service across our seven states. I'm more confident than ever that we've got the right plan and the right team in place to deliver on the commitments we've outlined for customers and shareholders. Reflecting that confidence on the strength of our first six months of performance in 2016 and recent execution highlights, we now expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings for 2016 of $1.05 per share to $1.10 per share, a narrowing of our $1 per share to $1.10 per share guidance that we originally announced about 15 months ago. And now to our results for the second quarter, the NiSource team delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of $0.08 per share with strong execution of our construction program and in part taking advantage of favorable weather, we now expect to make nearly $1.5 billion of utility infrastructure investments in 2016. These well-established programs across our footprint are improving safety, reliability, service and environmental performance for our customers and communities. Highlighting our continued regulatory progress, in July, we received commission approval on both the NIPSCO electric base rate case and long-term electric infrastructure modernization program. And our regulatory activity at our Columbia companies remains on schedule with rate cases in Kentucky, Maryland and Pennsylvania on track for expected commission orders by the end of the year, with Virginia to follow closely behind in early 2017. Notably, we reached a settlement in Maryland just last week. We'll talk more about each of these in a few minutes. Supplementing the value delivered through our ongoing infrastructure strategy is a strong sustainable and growing dividend, which we continue to project will increase by 4% to 6% each year; and on May 11, we delivered on that commitment by increasing our annualized dividend by 6.5%. Our credit ratings are stable and improving and our liquidity position remains solid at $619 million. And just last month Fitch upgraded its rating of NiSource from BBB minus to BBB, and we maintain our investment grade ratings of BBB plus and Baa2 with stable outlooks at Standard & Poor's and Moody's, respectively. As you can see, strong performance continued in the second quarter with additional progress already in place for the third quarter. Let's turn the call to Donald to review our financial results in more detail. You can find those on page four of our supplemental slides and in our segment and financial information available in the Investors section of NiSource.com. Donald?
Donald E. Brown - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Thanks and good morning, everyone. As Joe mentioned, we delivered second quarter non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $26 million, or $0.08 per share, compared with about $1 million, or $0.00 per share in 2015. On an operating earnings basis, NiSource reported about $134 million for the quarter, which is an increase of about $32 million over the same period in 2015. On a GAAP basis, our income from continuing operations was about $29 million for the quarter versus a loss of about $73 million in the second quarter of 2015. The biggest drivers of our performance continue to be the impact of our long-term regulatory program and infrastructure investments. Our gas distribution operations delivered operating earnings of about $73 million, an increase of more than $17 million, primarily attributable to new base rate at Columbia Gas of Massachusetts and Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania as well as new rates under Columbia Gas of Ohio's infrastructure replacement program. Our electric operations reported operating earnings of about $64 million, an increase of more than $7 million, primarily attributable to increased capital spend on electric transmission projects and environmental investments. While Joe mentioned it earlier, I wanted to reiterate that we now expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings of $1.05 per share to $1.10 per share for the year. Now turning to slide five, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of June 30 was about $7.3 billion, with a weighted average maturity on long-term debt of approximately 14 years and a weighted average interest rate of approximately 5.7%, down from 5.88% at the end of 2015. At the end of the second quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $619 million consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facilities. Now, I'll turn the call back to Joe to discuss a few customer, infrastructure investment, and regulatory highlights.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Donald. Before getting into those details, I wanted to flag for you our latest sustainability report, which was published in June. The report highlights how we're delivering on our commitments to safety, customer satisfaction, system enhancements and being recognized among the best places to work. The report provides stakeholders with a glimpse into our continued sustainability efforts, a key component of our business plan. This report is available at NiSource.com. And a significant enhancement for our customers was introduced in May, a redesigned bill across our seven states. The new bill format features user-friendly updates to make it easier to read and understand. Consistent with our efforts to collaborate with stakeholders, customer feedback was a key input into the design of the new bill. So, let's turn to some highlights from our gas operations on slide six. At NIPSCO gas, the team continues to execute on its seven-year, approximately $800 million gas infrastructure modernization program to further improve system, reliability and safety. Supporting this investment, on June 22, the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission or IURC approved the company's semi-annual tracker update. This update covered an incremental $72 million of investments through the end of 2015 and will increase annual revenues by $6.7 million. On May 27, Columbia Gas of Kentucky filed a request with the Kentucky Public Service Commission to adjust its base rates to recover investments and other costs associated with ongoing initiatives to improve system, safety and reliability. If approved as filed, this case would increase annual revenues by about $25 million. Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania's base rate case is progressing on schedule with the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission. The case seeks to adjust base rates in support of our continued upgrades and replacement of infrastructure, and to recover increases in safety-related operating and maintenance costs. The case also includes enhanced provisions for customer growth. If approved as filed, the case would result in a $55 million annual revenue increase. I would note that productive settlement discussions are taking place in this case. Also in Pennsylvania, we opened our first of four centralized employee training centers. The $10 million, 22,000-square-foot facility includes simulators, a safety town and other hands-on training designed to help develop our next generation of talent. This is an exciting investment that supports long-term sustainability by helping us attract and retain some of the best talent in the industry. Other facilities are in the planning stages in Ohio, Virginia and Massachusetts. Columbia Gas of Virginia's base rate case remains pending before the Virginia State Corporation Commission. The request, seeks to adjust base rates to recover investments and other costs associated with ongoing initiatives to improve the overall safety and reliability and to enable increasing demand for service. If approved as filed, the case would result in an annual revenue increase of $37 million. At Columbia Gas of Maryland, the company on July 27 filed a joint settlement agreement in its base rate case with the staff of the Maryland Public Service Commission and the Maryland Office of People's Counsel. The proposed settlement includes an annual revenue increase of $3.7 million and provisions to encourage customer growth. The case filed in April seeks to adjust base rates to support the continued replacement of aging infrastructure and the adoption of increased pipeline safety upgrades. New rates are expected to be in effect in November 2016. We expect commission decisions in Pennsylvania and Kentucky by the end of the year and again in Virginia in early 2017. As you can see, our teams are successfully executing all phases of our plan, and you'll see similar themes at our electric business. Now let's turn to slide seven. As I mentioned at the start of the call, the NIPSCO team reached significant milestones with commission approval of settlements in both its electric base rate case and its long-term electric infrastructure modernization program. On July 18, the IURC approved an agreement that NIPSCO reached with key stakeholders in its electric base rate case. The approved settlement agreement provides a platform for continued investments and service improvements. New rates go into effect on October 1 and will increase annual revenues by $72.5 million. And on July 12, the IURC approved NIPSCO's seven-year electric infrastructure modernization program settlement. With more than $1.2 billion of planned investments, the IURC's decision provides a clear path to continue making the necessary upgrades to our electric infrastructure in Northern Indiana now and into the future. And last, but not least, NIPSCO's two major electric transmission projects remain on schedule with the anticipated in-service dates in the second half of 2018. Both projects are designed to enhance region-wide system flexibility and reliability. Right away acquisition, permitting and engineering are well under way for both projects with line construction in its early stages. And before opening the call to questions, I'd like to touch on our ongoing commitments. NiSource remains on track for sustained execution on our $30 billion of long-term regulated utility investments the company outlined in 2014. These system modernization plans continue to deliver value for all stakeholders across our seven states. Our capital investment plan for 2016 has been updated from approximately $1.4 billion to nearly $1.5 billion, driven by our team's high-performance execution and supported by favorable weather conditions for construction so far this year. As we continue to deliver on our financial commitments, we've focused our earnings guidance for the year and now expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings per share of $1.05 to $1.10. While we are not yet providing guidance or investment plans for 2017, this 2016 earnings guidance provides the starting point for NiSource's long-term annual earnings per share and dividend growth projections of 4% to 6%. I'm particularly proud of our employees. Through their talent and dedication to serving our customers, we are delivering on our commitments, which are focused on industry-leading safety performance and top-tier customer service. Our balanced and constructive strategy is designed to sustain performance and continue delivering on these commitments well into the future. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We look forward to sharing continued updates on our progress. Now, let's open the call to your questions. Michelle?
Operator: Our first question comes from Chris Turnure of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Joe, I was hoping you could kind of give us an update to your thinking on longer-term rate base growth now that we have the final decision in the general rate case on the electric side as well as the (16:45) program there. And given the fact that you have had the confidence to up your CapEx number for 2016 at least, how has your kind of thinking and your confidence level changed, if at all, over the past, call it, six months?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: These updates for this year are unique to the momentum we've built through a fairly favorable weather conditions during the first half of the year are not intended to convey an outlook for the future years. We continue to remain committed to 4% to 6% earnings per share growth and dividend growth over the planning horizon. But very confident in our execution, as we have been, and noting the orders that you pointed out, Chris, we've continued to invest even through the regulatory execution of the (17:40) proceeding and the rate case with real commitment to making those investments over the long-term. So, if anything, just confidence in the support that we have for the investments we've long planned.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then on the potential for customer growth, can you kind of remind us where you are year-to-date, how that is tracking versus your expectations and kind of what you're thinking for the full-year 2016? I know you're in the relatively early stages of some of your customer growth initiatives there, but that's obviously an important part of the growth going forward, so an update, I think, would be helpful.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Thank you for that, Chris. As you noted, we're at the very, very early stages of implementation of some of our enhanced growth strategies, recently having begun to implement some of our pilot programs in Indiana and Pennsylvania that represent enhanced focus on growth opportunities and outreach. So not yet seeing any measurable impact of those enhanced strategies; probably more notably, as I said, in a number of the rate case updates, our regulatory strategy has been focused in part on enhancing the ability to attract new customers with programs that support the upfront – relief on the upfront cost for new customers or conversion customers. We've seen support for that across most of the jurisdictions. Year-to-date as we stand here, we're – on a gross basis, so we often talk of attrition on the customer count as well; but on a gross base, we're running about 10% ahead of where we were at this time last year, driven predominantly by – and this varies across our territory, but by strong housing starts in certain parts of the territory, notably in Virginia, we've seen strong surges in construction and opportunities for growth there and then fuel conversion again in Massachusetts where that's been strong. Year-on-year about 10% gross, keeping in mind we have attrition that offsets that. We're just beginning to see a slight uptick in our growth rates. Too early to tell if that's going to carry on through the balance of the year, but I'm optimistic.
Christopher J. Turnure - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Paul.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Other taxes was down in both gas and electric operations. Kind of, what's driving that and what should we expect going forward?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Donald, can answer that.
Donald E. Brown - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Yeah. We've had some property tax appeals and true-ups this quarter that's probably a couple of pennies of the adjustments. That certainly stands out this quarter.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: What should we expect going forward?
Donald E. Brown - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: I'd say, half of that is probably one-time, and some of that does go forward.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then, on the transmission project, does that earn cash during construction?
Donald E. Brown - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Yes, it does.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then, Joe, we've seen a lot of, I guess, re-ignition of the convergence scene that hit the late 1990s with a lot of these electrics buying gas companies. Kind of, what are your thoughts around consolidation?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I won't comment, Paul, on other people's deals or strategies or speculate on M&A. We're very focused on executing our plan, which, as you know, is not based on transaction but on executing – on serving our customers and our deep inventory of – and backlog of investments that we've identified – $30 billion, noting none of that has any premiums on it. So I'm very focused on execution there, continue to monitor the trends in the marketplace, but not in focus for us.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then you upped your CapEx for cash by $100 million. Is that – should we think about that as pulling some 2017 spendings forward or just an acceleration of the whole program?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I wouldn't think of it as pulling any 2017 spending forward. As you think about – and that's predominantly on the gas side of the business – as you think about the $20 billion of identified investments on the gas side, we generally have flexibility within our regulatory programs to execute on that, as conditions are favorable. I'd noted that we had favorable weather conditions during the first half of this year, meaning the ground wasn't frozen, and we could continue working through the early part of the year. So just continuing to work through that backlog of identified investments, not specifically pulling anything forward from next year into this year.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much, and congrats on a solid quarter.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Donald E. Brown - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Fishman of Morningstar. Your line is open.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you. Joe, Reynolds Topeka went up quite a bit on the CapEx forecast. What drove that?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The best way to think about that, Charles, is the early estimates were very much the high level estimates, and as we came into this year, we updated with our refined detailed estimates on that project, reflected changes in design – very prudent changes in design relative to the type of construction, the tower sizes and the spans on the construction, all very consistent with other designs that we've made in other projects and have seen in the marketplace. So, really not even inflationary; just an update to the design.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): So remind me: do you have a partner on that one?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Not on that one.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. And then, so the increase really – since it was just a very early estimate, there's no issues with the FERC recovery or anything like that, correct?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We don't expect any.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. And then when you said the 2016 represents the base going forward, even though you have this higher dividend increase in May than we anticipated, that would be the new base for dividend increases, what we're at right now for the 4% to 6%?
Donald E. Brown - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Yeah. That's correct. We're looking at both earnings and dividends as the base for this year.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. That's all I had. Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Charles.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Orrill of Barclays. Your line is open.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes. Thank you. Is there anywhere that you feel that you're not earning your allowed returns or there is some lag even within the mechanisms that you have?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: At any point in time, Gregg, we look at all the jurisdictions, we try to ensure that our regulatory strategy maintains pace with our investment strategy> that's a mix of base rate cases as well as the tracker programs that are up and running across electric and gas. In general, the earnings profile ebbs and flows around 10% across the NiSource – ROE across the NiSource portfolio, and pretty close to allowed in most cases, so no significant concerns about under-earnings in a specific jurisdiction.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And are you able to confirm CapEx spending for years beyond 2016?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We are not updating previous guidance on outlook beyond 2016. We're updating 2016, again, based on strong momentum this year and an opportunity to work through favorable weather conditions. We continue to have reaffirmed the guidance of 4% to 6% EPS and dividend growth on notionally a $1.4 billion annual CapEx program.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And what are your thoughts on – timing coming to the equity markets, do you need any funding there?
Donald E. Brown - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Hi. This is Donald. No, at this point, we're still in great shape from balance sheet standpoint in the credit metrics; and as we reported, Fitch did upgrade us this last month or in June to BBB and stable. So, we feel really confident about the balance sheet and don't see any immediate need for equity.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks for the time.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Gregg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Zhou of Avon Capital. Your line is open.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Hey, it's Andy Levi. We're all set. Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi. Good morning, Andy.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: I'm sorry. I don't know if you heard me. I said we're all set. Thank you very much.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, yeah, very good.
Operator: There are no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Joe Hamrock for any closing remarks.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Michelle. Again, I appreciate the interest and the support, and for joining us today. Hopefully, you see continued execution and continued momentum of the NiSource story as we reported our results on the second quarter. We look forward to sharing continued updates on our progress in the months ahead. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-03 12:30:00) =====
Executives: Randy G. Hulen - Vice President-Investor Relations Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Donald E. Brown - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC Larry Liou - JPMorgan Charles Fishman - Morningstar Research Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2016 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Randy Hulen. Sir, you may begin.
Randy G. Hulen - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, and good morning. On behalf of everyone at NiSource, I'd like welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me this morning are Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer; and Donald Brown, Chief Financial Officer. The purpose of today's call is to review the NiSource financial performance for the first quarter of 2016, as well as provide an overall business update on our utility operations and growth drivers. We'll then open up the call to your questions. Just as a reminder, we will be referring to supplemental earnings slides that are available on our website. Before turning the call over to Joe, just a quick reminder that some statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. With all that covered, I'd like to now turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. As we'll detail on today's call, NiSource is off to a great start in 2016. Our first quarter results reflect the strength of our regulated business strategy and sustained track record of delivering improved service for our customers through our utility investment programs. We continue to execute on our infrastructure investment strategy, which is designed to improve safety, reliability and environmental performance for our customers and communities. NiSource also made significant progress on several regulatory initiatives supporting these investments, as well as enhanced employee training and customer programs. Today, we'll briefly cover our first quarter 2016 results before discussing specific operational and regulatory highlights. We'll also touch on how we're positioning NiSource for continued growth before opening the call for your questions. Turning to slide three of our supplemental deck, let's now highlight a few key takeaways for the quarter. The NiSource team delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of $0.60 per share in the first quarter compared to $0.57 in the same period in 2015. We are well positioned to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings within our 2016 guidance range of $1 to $1.10 per share. And with a strong start to the construction season, we're on track to execute on more than $1.4 billion in utility infrastructure investments planned for the year. Violet Sistovaris and our NIPSCO team reached settlement agreements with key stakeholders in both its electric base rate case, and its long-term electric infrastructure modernization plan. And our Columbia Gas teams led by Carl Levander filed base rate cases in Maryland, Pennsylvania and Virginia. And we received regulatory approval of gas system modernization plan updates in Indiana, Massachusetts and Ohio. On the organizational front, we announced changes aimed at further advancing our growth plan and enhancing performance. Pablo Vegas joined NiSource today as President of our Columbia Gas group. He will oversee the six Columbia Gas companies, including leadership of state regulatory, customer, and stakeholder performance, as well as customer service, billing and new business platforms for all seven NiSource companies. Pablo most recently served as President and Chief Operating Officer of AEP Ohio. With Pablo's appointment and the planned retirement of our Human Resources Leader, Rob Campbell, Chief Regulatory Officer, Carl Levander, assumes the role of Executive Vice President, Regulatory Policy and Corporate Affairs, which includes responsibility for Policy, Corporate Communications, Federal Government Affairs, Regulatory Strategy and Human Resources at NiSource. I'll talk more about the significant progress across all our businesses later in the call, but first I'd like to turn the call over to Donald to review our financial results in more detail, which are highlighted on page four of our supplemental slides. Donald?
Donald E. Brown - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Thanks, Joe. And good morning, everyone. As Joe mentioned, we delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $191 million or $0.60 per share in the quarter compared with about $179 million or $0.57 per share in the first quarter of 2015. On an operating earnings basis, NiSource reported about $399 million for the quarter, which is an increase of about $35 million over the first quarter of 2015. On a GAAP basis, our income from continuing operations was about $180 million for the quarter versus about $193 million in the first quarter of 2015. Now, let's take a closer look at the operating earnings performance of our two utility business segments for the first quarter of 2016. Our gas distribution operation segment delivered about $330 million compared with about $306 million in 2015. Net revenues excluding the impact of trackers were up by nearly $35 million, primarily attributable to increases in regulatory and service program, including the impact of new rates in Massachusetts and Pennsylvania, as well as the implementation of new rates under Columbia Gas of Ohio's approved infrastructure replacement program. Operating expenses, excluding the impact of trackers, increased by $10.3 million, primarily due to increased outside service costs and higher depreciation. Our electric operations reported about $72 million compared with about $67 million for 2015. Net revenues, excluding the impact of trackers, were essentially flat. Operating expenses, excluding the impact of trackers, decreased by $4.8 million, primarily due to lower generation expenses, decreased employee and administrative costs and lower environmental expenses. These decreases were partially offset by higher outside service costs. As Joe mentioned, our first quarter results positioned NiSource well to deliver net operating earnings within our guidance range of $1 to $1.10 per share for the year. Full details of our results are available in our earnings release issued and posted online this morning. Now turning to slide five, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of March 31 was about $7 billion, with a weighted average maturity on long-term debt of approximately 14 years and a weighted average interest rate of approximately 5.72%, down from 5.88% at the end of 2015. On March 31, we executed a three-year, $500 million term loan agreement with pricing of LIBOR plus 95 basis points. In utilizing the delayed draw feature, we have until the end of September to borrow the full $500 million. At the end of the first quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of more than $1 billion, consisting of cash and available capacity under our credit facilities. And our credit ratings at the three major agencies remain solidly investment grade, something we remain committed to as we continue to execute on our $30 billion and 100% regulated infrastructure investment opportunities. Going forward, our financial foundation is strong employees for continued execution and growth. Now, I'll turn the call back to Joe to discuss a few customer, infrastructure and regulatory highlights across our utilities.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Donald. We began 2016 by building upon the positive momentum that we've gained in recent years in maintaining our sharp focus on serving our customers and communities. For instance, in March, we became a founding member of the U.S. EPA's Natural Gas STAR Methane Challenge Program. Through our five-year program commitment, NiSource will continue to replace cast iron and bare steel pipelines remaining in our natural gas system. Since 2005, we've reduced our greenhouse gas emissions by 23%. As part of our planned investments, we expect to further reduce methane emissions by more than 300 million cubic feet, a reduction of 10% compared to 2015. In addition to helping reduce emissions, our well-established infrastructure modernization programs are producing other meaningful benefits and adding value for our customers. For example, we have reduced gas leaks on our mains by 9%, and by 14% on our service lines over the past five years. This builds on the safety and reliability of our system. And we have continued to receive recognition for doing business the right way. In March, NiSource was named for the fifth consecutive year as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies by the Ethisphere Institute. Ethisphere honors companies for leading and promoting ethical business standards in key categories, which include ethics and compliance programs. This designation demonstrates our commitment to serving our customers with integrity and the highest of ethical business standards. Now, let's turn to a few recent highlights in our gas operations on slide six. On March 18, Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania filed a request with the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission to adjust its base rates in support of the company's continued upgrades and replacement of infrastructure, and other programs to enhance pipeline safety. If approved as filed, the case would result in $55 million annual revenue increase. An order is expected by the end of 2016. On April 20, the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio approved Columbia Gas of Ohio's annual infrastructure replacement rider. The rider provides for continued support of the company's well-established pipeline replacement program investments. This order authorizes an increase of about $21 million in annual revenue related to 2015 infrastructure investments of about $185 million. At NIPSCO gas, the team continues to execute on its seven-year, approximately $800 million long-term gas system modernization program to further improve system reliability and safety. On March 30th, the Indiana utility regulatory commission or IURC approved the semi-annual tracker update that was filed in August 2015 with additional revenues of $7.6 million, which covered approximately $74 million of investments through mid-2015. NIPSCO filed its latest semi-annual tracker update on February 29th, which remains pending with the IURC. On April 29, Columbia Gas of Virginia filed a request with the Virginia State Corporation Commission to adjust its base rates to recover investments and other costs associated with the company's ongoing initiatives to improve the overall safety and reliability of its distribution system and to accommodate increasing demand for service. If approved as filed, the case would result in an annual revenue increase of $37 million. A commission decision is expected by early 2017. A decision on Columbia Gas of Massachusetts' 2016 Gas System Enhancement Plan was issued by the Massachusetts' Department of Public Utilities on April 29th. This approval allows for a recovery of investments through 2016 and will increase annual revenues by approximately $8.2 million beginning May 1st. On April 15th, Columbia Gas of Maryland filed a request with the Maryland Public Service Commission to adjust its base rates so it can support the continued replacement of aging pipe, as well as adopt pipeline safety upgrades. If approved as filed, the case would result in an annual revenue increase of approximately $6.5 million. A commission order is expected by the end of 2016. And finally, Columbia Gas of Kentucky, on April 27th, filed notice with the Kentucky Public Service Commission that it intends to file a request to adjust its base rates to support continued infrastructure investments. Now, let's turn to our electric operations on slide seven. On March 24th, NIPSCO reached a settlement agreement with the Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor, industrial customers, the La Porte County Board of Commissioners and the Indiana Municipal Utility Group on the company's seven-year electric infrastructure modernization plan. This plan includes more than $1.2 billion of transmission and distribution investments designed to improve system safety and reliability. An IURC order on the settlement is anticipated in the third quarter of 2016. NIPSCO also reached an agreement in its electric base rate case currently pending before the IURC. The February 19 settlement provides a platform for NIPSCO's continued investments in service improvements for customers. The proposed settlement agreement would increase annual revenues by $72.5 million. An IURC order is anticipated early in the third quarter of 2016. NIPSCO's two major electric transmission projects remain on schedule with anticipated in-service dates in the second half of 2018. The 100-mile 345KV and 65-mile 765KV projects are designed to enhance region-wide system flexibility and reliability. Right-of-way acquisition, permitting and engineering are well underway on both projects. NIPSCO expects to provide updated project cost estimates prior to the commencement of line construction later this year. Before opening the call to your questions, I'd like to touch on our financial and growth commitments as well as how we're positioning NiSource for continued growth. NiSource remains on track for sustained execution on the more than $30 billion of long-term regulated utility investments the company outlined in 2014. As we've outlined previously, we expect to deliver net operating earnings per share of $1 to $1.10, and to make more than $1.4 billion in planned infrastructure investments in 2016. This 2016 earnings and investment guidance provides the starting point for NiSource's long-term annual earnings per share and dividend growth projections of 4 to 6%, which we first announced a year ago in anticipation of the separation of Columbia Pipeline Group. As we execute on our well established plans, we're aligning our organization to capitalize on all of our strategic opportunities, including our infrastructure investment plans, while at the same time looking at enhancements to our plan such as growing our customer base, improving service to our customers and driving enhanced performance through the increased use of common platforms. These emerging elements of our plan are expected to enhance our existing best-in-class risk-adjusted total return proposition. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest and support of NiSource. We look forward to sharing continued updates on our progress. Now let's open the call to your questions. Skyler?
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon from Evercore. Your line is now open.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Yeah. Good morning, guys. Happy to finally be covering the stock.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Welcome to the fold.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: I wish I had been quicker on the uptake and got all the outperformance the last couple of years, but so be it. So I've asked you this question before and I just wanted to ask it again. Obviously, the performance in the quarter was great and you've got $1.4 billion in capital still in the budget – vast majority of it covered by riders. And you've got this sort of 4% to 6% long-term earnings guidance drive out there, but the rate base growth guidance range is 6% to 8%. Obviously, that's very enticing because there seems like there's a lot of cushion in there. But you first gave that well before the bonus depreciation rules were extended for five years, so can you tell us about how that may have moved things around inside the guidance range? It still seems like you're well positioned to, at the minimum, hit the high end of the earnings guidance range. But maybe the rate base growth is less robust because of bonus d and what you might do to offset that?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Thanks, Greg. And it's a fairly common question, as you noted. I'll ask Donald to touch on the bonus and the relative impact on rate base and how we're navigating through that. But let me take this, sort of, the higher level question about the relationship between our outlook, our guidance and our business plan. We think and firmly believe that one of the strengths of the NiSource story is the long-term visibility, the sustained investment platform we have that we outlined as we noted a couple of years ago with the $30 billion in investment. As we look through the future and the strong support we have across all seven states for those kind of investments, that's a great engine for driving growth, the visibility. And I wanted to be sure that we've put out a fairly long-term look at earnings guidance in that 4% to 6% annual growth range. We remain committed to that. As we've noted before, the relationship between investments and rate base that are tracked, the ongoing support for those investments, is offset in some ways and a couple of ways by regulatory lag, continued O&M growth that gets picked up in rate cases that don't have quite the same effect as the trackers have. A bit of conservatism in our outlook. And then over the long-term, the need to finance that in a balanced way. That story remains the same today. I will ask Donald to touch on the effect of bonus. As we've noted, our guidance remains the same for the year, and our growth guidance remains the same. A little bit of insight about the relationship of bonus depreciation would be helpful.
Donald E. Brown - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Yeah. And so think about the bonus depreciation on our rate base. It certainly has a detrimental impact over our plan years, and we typically look out four to five years. And so what we've done to offset that is to increase our capital spend a little bit over the next couple of years to offset the impact of the rate base. But then when you look at it over a four- or five-year period, we actually do have positive cash flows through the period. If you'll remember, we've got NOLs that before this extension of bonus depreciation went out through 2018. With this extension of bonus depreciation, our NOL will now go out to the end of 2022. So from a cash standpoint is the detriment early with the bonus depreciation because of the NOL position. But on the back end of the years, we do have a cash pickup. And so with the cash, we'll spend in the next couple of years to offset the rate base degradation, we'll come out slightly ahead over kind of a five- or six-year period. So I think all in all, we're looking at staying within that range. It doesn't challenge our earnings growth story. And at the same time, I think as Joe talked a little bit about conservatism, we understand we're in multiple rate cases at any time. There's certainly some risk from amount realized, as well as just the timing of when rates go into effect. And so trying to balance out the understanding of the risks of both the kind of regulatory mechanisms, as well as kind of O&M, which doesn't go into the trackers. We feel confident we'll certainly be in the range, but obviously have some opportunities, if everything goes the right way to be at the higher end of the range.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Fantastic. Thanks, guys. Take care.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Liou from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Larry Liou - JPMorgan: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to walk through the decision process on the term loan. Was it more economically driven or was it more so of a flexibility decision when it comes to kind of call provisions on term loans?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd say it's both. When we're looking at the need for this year and looking at what are our different options, really did want to take advantage of the low interest rate environment and the interest savings that provided, as well as making sure we've got kind of a full toolkit for financing our company going forward. So I'd say it's a little bit of both. And I think, going forward, we'll look at both the bond market, as well as taking advantage of the bank market in term loans.
Larry Liou - JPMorgan: Got you. And can you just remind us what are your financing needs? I know I think you paid down the rest of your 10% handle that remained outstanding.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So this year I would expect that we wouldn't have any significant financing needs. This term loan, which we took out. We haven't actually tapped into yet and won't tap into until later this year. But I don't expect anything significant this year. But certainly, we're always looking at our portfolio. We do have some higher cost debt in the portfolio and still looking for opportunities to bring down our overall cost of debt. If the market and the timing makes sense, we would do that as well.
Larry Liou - JPMorgan: Okay, thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Larry.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman from Morningstar. Your line is now open.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar Research: Thank you. Just to follow up on that bonus depreciation question. I noticed, Joe, in your introductory comments, I believe you said CapEx for 2016 more than $1.4 billion, where I believe last quarter it was approximately $1.4 billion. Is that consistent with Donald's comments about the accelerating CapEx because of the cash flow benefit from bonus depreciation?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Thanks, Charles, and good morning. That's very perceptive. It's entirely consistent. There's not a big shift in the 2016 – Donald's comments related to the near-term years of the plan to offset the NOL issues and to help with the outer years of the plan on an earnings standpoint. But it's all around the $1.4 billion, as we've navigated through the 2016 planning cycle.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar Research: Okay. And then my next question is on the case or the settlement on the electric modernization program. Does that – are we done? Does that pretty much eliminate any of the excitement that we've seen – regulatory and legal? I mean, are you pretty confident we're on the...
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're confident that – yes, I'm sorry. I like your term excitement. But we're confident that we've got a framework vis-à-vis the settlement that we've filed. We are still in the regulatory process. So we still have the remaining steps through the regulatory process that we would expect to resolve early in the third quarter this year, but feel very good about the position we're in and we've remained committed to making those investments. So that's all part of the framework that we've set up.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar Research: Okay, thank you. That was all I had.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Charles. Have a great day.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning. Congratulations on another solid quarter.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Paul. Thank you.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just with bonus depreciation, what's your current view on when you may need to come back for some equity?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We don't see any real shift at this point in our outlook relative to bonus. We continue to not see a need for equity in the near term of the plan. And as you would guess with bonus, that didn't change at all. We continue to look at our total plan, including CapEx, dividend policy and the ultimate need for equity. But at this point, not ready to change our outlook on any of those factors.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then strategically, it seems like a lot of large cap electrics kind of want to get some gas exposure. How are you thinking about the opportunity there?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, we remain committed to our plan. As we've watched that play out, we look at our plan and don't really need M&A to drive our opportunities going forward. Very focused on. As we've talked about at length today, the capital investments and the regulatory cadence that we've set up in our plan, and certainly don't see M&A as a part of that strategy. That said, with anything that would be compelling being introduced into the mix, we'd certainly take a look at that.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Certainly you don't need the growth opportunity, but maybe there's some players out there who could use your opportunities.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm sure that's fine.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: All right. Thank you very much.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon from Evercore. Your line is now open.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Yeah, guys, I had a follow-up question. It's on a completely different subject. I'm looking at the NEXUS pipeline project that's being jointly built by Spectra and DTE. And in their first quarter slide deck, slide 25, they show the path of that pipeline going through your service territory in Ohio and sort of a massive amount of interest – interconnect agreements of up to 1.75 Bcf a day. And some of the names of your gas utilities are very prominent on that list. Can you talk about your needs for incremental gas supply and how likely it is that you'd be taking gas off the NEXUS pipeline and in what amounts?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Greg, that's something we keep an eye on but not something that we're actively interested in and involved in at this point, and a good position on capacity in the Midwest. More of our focus these days is in New England and Massachusetts. As you know, we have a position in the Northeast Direct Pipeline project. So a lot of focus there on how to ensure that we have what we need up there. We, though, will continue to keep an eye on the Midwest. And if we see an opportunity, we'll certainly participate.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. So you're definitely interested in capacity on the pipes going into New England. And this is more of a wait-and-see situation?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, a more – that's a good way to characterize it. Again, if we see an opportunity there that makes sense, we'll certainly take advantage of that.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. And what's the timeline that you would normally, seriously consider a formal interconnect agreement on a new pipe? You would wait for that pipe to be sort of firmly under construction before you would have a serious conversation with them? I'm not that familiar with the process there.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, typically there's an open season upfront. We participate in that, express interest. That usually precedes any actual construction. So we'd be ahead of that curve to help underpin the fundamentals for the project itself. But that's not always the case. Sometimes there's opportunistic second pass, third pass opportunities to take advantage of a new project. So it really varies depending on our supply/demand balance, our existing contracts and the growth opportunities in that region. So I don't think there's a precise recipe that applies in all cases.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Well, yeah, this would be a second or third pass-type deal because they did their open season, they're 65%, 66% contracted, 50% with LDCs up a bit top end of the pipe, the other 50% of that is producers. And then they've been talking about the potential for incremental interconnect agreements along the length of the pipe. So am I right to say that that would be a second or third pass-type of deal?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I want to be careful that my general comment there is not characterizing a specific project or specific interest. This is an area we continue to look at. But on that specific project, I'm not providing any specific outlook on our participation at this point.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Okay, thanks.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Evercore Group LLC: Can't hurt to try. Thank you. Bye.
Operator: At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Joe Hamrock for any closing remarks.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Skyler. And let me, again, express our appreciation for your participation and interest today, and ongoing interest in the NiSource story. Please have a great day. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Randy G. Hulen - Vice President-Investor Relations Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Donald E. Brown - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer
Analysts: Charles Fishman - Morningstar Research Barry Klein - Macquarie Funds Group Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2015 NiSource's Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Randy Hulen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Randy G. Hulen - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Kat, and good morning, everybody. On behalf of NiSource, welcome to our quarterly investor call. Joining me this morning are Joe Hamrock, our Chief Executive Officer, and Donald Brown, our Chief Financial Officer. As you know, the purpose of today's call is to review the NiSource's financial performance for 2015 as well as provide a business update covering our utility operations and growth drivers. We'll then open the call to your questions. As a reminder, we will be referring to supplemental slides that are available on the NiSource website. Before moving on to our highlights for the quarter and the year, I would just remind everyone that we successfully completed the separation of Columbia Pipeline Group on July 1, 2015. Therefore, the results for CPG are contained in discontinued operations. And finally, one last reminder, some of the statements made on this call will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factor sections of our periodic SEC filings. With all that covered, I'd like to turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. 2015 was a dynamic year of progress for NiSource. Our teams executed on our customer focused, investment driven utility business plan, while successfully completing the Columbia Pipeline Group separation. We finished 2015 building on the momentum we've gained in the past few years, with an eye toward continued growth and enhanced performance in 2016 and beyond. Let's take a look at slide three of the supplemental deck to walk through some of the significant milestones NiSource achieved in 2015. The NiSource team delivered strong financial results in line with expectations, with net operating earnings non-GAAP of $0.94 per share compared to $0.81 per share in 2014. We invested a record $1.37 billion in our utility infrastructure across our seven states. As part of that investment, we replaced 361 miles of priority pipe, including the last known cast iron pipe throughout the Columbia Gas of Virginia system. All of NiSource's utility investments are focused on serving our customers, enhancing safety and service reliability, and reducing environmental impact. We reached a significant milestone during the year by completing the last of three flue gas desulfurization or FGD units at NIPSCO's coal generation facility. This is the culmination of approximately $850 million in investments over five years, all completed on schedule and on budget, that will help improve air quality and ensure that NIPSCO's generation fleet remains in compliance with current environmental regulations. Also in 2015, we completed the full deployment of automated meter reading devices across our nearly four million electric and natural gas customers. A six-year project, this new meter technology enhances customer service and safety while reducing costs. We also continued our electric transmission and distribution modernization program, investing about $65 million to improve service reliability and system performance. NiSource has now executed against more than $2 billion of our identified $30 billion in long-term, regulated utility infrastructure investments since outlining these programs in 2014. In addition to these significant infrastructure investment milestones, the NiSource team completed several significant regulatory initiatives which support safety, reliability, employee training and customer programs. These milestones include successful rate case settlements in Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, and Virginia; the extension of Columbia Gas of Virginia's system modernization program; approval of the first year of Columbia Gas of Massachusetts' gas system enhancement plan, and continued execution of Columbia Gas of Ohio's modernization program, along with new pipeline safety programs implemented in 2015. We also had a strong performance in J.D. Power's residential natural gas customer satisfaction survey, with Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania an award winner for the second straight year and Columbia Gas of Virginia recognized as one of the nation's most improved brands. Across NiSource, we are sharpening our focus on service to our customers and communities, and these results reflect those commitments. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Donald to review our financial results in more detail, which are highlighted on page four of our supplemental slides. Donald?
Donald E. Brown - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Good morning, everyone. As a reminder, these results no longer include CPG reportable segment financials, which are classified as discontinued operations. The financial progress we're reporting today for 2015 was driven exclusively by our regulated utility businesses. As Joe mentioned, we delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $299 million or $0.94 per share in 2015, compared with about $256 million or $0.81 per share in 2014. On an operating earnings basis, NiSource reported $832 million for 2015, which is an increase of about $54 million over 2014. Taking a closer look at the annual operating earnings performance of our two utility business segments, our Gas Distribution segment delivered about $568 million compared with about $517 million in 2014. Net revenue excluding the impact of trackers were up by more than $105 million, primarily due to the impact of new rates in Massachusetts, Pennsylvania and Virginia, and implementation of rates under our approved infrastructure replacement programs in a number of states. Operating expenses including the impact of trackers increased by about $55 million mainly due to higher employee and administrative costs as well as increased depreciation and property taxes as a result of higher capital investments. Our Electric Operations segment reported about $280 million compared to about $288 million in 2014. Net revenues, excluding the impact of trackers were relatively flat. Operating expenses again excluding trackers increased by about $10 million, primarily due increased depreciation driven by higher capital investments. As Joe mentioned, our 2015 results are well in line with our expectations. Full details of our results, including details of our fourth quarter performance are available in our earnings release issued and posted online this morning. Now, turning to slide five, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of December 31 was about $6.9 billion with a weighted average maturity on long-term debt of approximately 14 years and an interest rate of approximately 5.88%. On the liquidity front, at the end of the fourth quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $1.2 billion. And our credit ratings at the three major agencies remain solidly investment grade, something we remain committed to, as we continue to execute on our $30 billion and 100% regulated infrastructure investment opportunities. Going forward, our financial foundation is strong and poised for continued growth and execution. I'd also note that the recent extension of bonus depreciation has no impact on our 2016 earnings guidance or long-term growth commitments. Consistent with what we've shared previously, we expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings per share of $1.00 to $1.10 in 2016. And in the years ahead, we continue to expect annual dividend and earnings growth of 4% to 6%. Now I'll turn the call back to Joe to discuss a few customer, infrastructure and regulatory highlights across our utilities.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Donald. As we emerged from the separation of CPG last year, we sharpened our focus on our customers and communities, all of whom we're privileged to serve. Earlier in the call I mentioned that Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania and Columbia Gas of Virginia were recognized for customer satisfaction by J.D. Power. In fact, I'm proud to say, J.D. Power scores improved at all NiSource utilities in 2015 compared to the prior year. We were recognized in other areas as well, including being named for the second consecutive year to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, illustrating our deep commitment to serving customers, employees and other stakeholders in a way that balances immediate and long-term benefits. And NiSource was named one of the world's most ethical companies by the Ethisphere Institute for the fourth straight year. Let's turn to a few recent highlights in our gas operations on slide six. We continue to focus on timely recovery of our customer-focused infrastructure investments and we continued to make progress on that front in the fourth quarter. At NIPSCO Gas, the team continues to execute on our seven year, $817 million natural gas system modernization program. We filed our semi-annual tracker and program update in August of last year and expect a commission order in the first quarter of this year. This program involves enhancing existing gas infrastructure and extending gas service to rural areas. In December, Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania received commission approval of a settlement in its base rate case. The settlement maintains the company's ability to continue replacing and upgrading its natural gas distribution system. New rates went into effect on December 18, and will increase annual revenues by approximately $28 million. The settlement also included new incentives that will significantly reduce initial costs for customers converting to natural gas. On November 1, Columbia Gas of Massachusetts implemented new rates under its previously approved base rate case settlement. The settlement supports CMA's continued effort to modernize its pipeline infrastructure and transform its operations to continue to serve customers safely and reliably. The approved settlement provides for increased annual revenues of $32.8 million, with an additional $3.6 million annual increase starting on November 1 of this year. Across our gas utilities, we invested over $900 million in 2015, and expect to invest more than $950 million this year. Now, let's turn to our Electric Operations on slide seven. On December 16, the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission, or IURC, approved a settlement between NIPSCO, the Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor and NIPSCO's largest industrial customers, which resolved all outstanding issues raised by parties in an Indiana Court of Appeals proceeding related to the company's previous long-term electric infrastructure modernization plan. Following that development, NIPSCO, on December 31, filed a new $1.3 billion, seven-year electric infrastructure modernization plan with the IURC. The plan is focused on electric transmission and distribution investments made for safety, reliability and system modernization. NIPSCO expects an order on its seven-year plan by the third quarter of 2016. Progress also continued to two major electric transmission projects designed to enhance region wide system flexibility and reliability. Right-of-way acquisition, permitting and substation construction are underway for both projects. Line and tower construction is expected to begin in 2016. These projects involve an investment of approximately $450 million for NIPSCO and are anticipated to be in service by the end of 2018. NIPSCO remains on schedule with its electric base rate case filed in October with the IURC. The case seeks to update rates to reflect the current costs of generating and distributing power, plus ongoing investments which are delivering substantial benefits to customers, including programs that have reduced the duration of power outages by 40%. We have worked with our customers and other stakeholders to seek a balanced solution that recognizes the importance and value of reliable and affordable energy for all customers, particularly the energy intensive steel and industrial sectors in Northwest Indiana. The Indiana team has made progress with settlement discussions with the possibility of reaching a final settlement as early as tomorrow in order to meet the procedural deadline. As you would expect, we are in sensitive discussions at this point and I will not be able to provide any details beyond what I've noted. We invested about $400 million in our electric business in 2015 and expect to invest more than $400 million in 2016. We took positive steps to position the business for future investment driven growth that will create value for NIPSCO customers, northern Indiana communities and our shareholders. Before turning to your questions, I would like to reinforce NiSource's investment proposition and our 2016 guidance. As Donald already highlighted, we continue to expect to deliver non-GAAP net operating earnings per share of a $1.0 to a $1.10 in 2016, with approximately $1.4 billion in infrastructure enhancements planned during the year. Our well-established utility investment programs continued to produce high value for our customers and investors in 2015. As we begin our first full year as a pure play utility company, we are sharpening our focus on leadership and safety and customer satisfaction to unlock the full potential of our plan. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest and support of NiSource. We look forward to sharing continued updates on our progress. Now let's open the call to your questions. Kat?
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Your line is open please go ahead.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar Research: Thank you, good morning.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Charles.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar Research: On the – you made the statement Joe. All right, it was you, that the bonus depreciation has no impact on earnings. But with bonus deprecation, does that get you to the higher end maybe of your dividend growth with the extra – little bit of extra cash flow?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah Charles, that was Donald, who made that statement. And we haven't decided or made any move in terms of dividend outlook, we continue to guide 4% to 6% earnings per share and dividend growth, based on the plan that we have. I'll ask Donald to maybe add a little bit more insight about the effect of bonus depreciation on our plan and the optionality that it creates for us.
Donald E. Brown - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Yeah. I think we've talked about bonus depreciation and our tax position in the past. Previously to this extension of bonus depreciation we had NOLs that were going to last until mid-2018. With this extension it actually pushes our NOLs to 2020, so it's probably 2021 where we're a net tax payer. And while this has a negative impact on rate base, it does give us that cash at the kind of tailwind of our planning horizon, to give us cash that we can spend a little bit more on CapEx in the early years, a nominal amount, to offset that negative impact on rate base, and by the end of the planning horizon actually be a net cash flow positive. So, it keeps our earnings guidance and dividend guidance in line, and on the back end of our planning horizon gives us some incremental cash and provides some flexibility in our liquidity.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar Research: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you. That was the only question I had. Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Charles.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Barry Klein with Macquarie. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Barry Klein - Macquarie Funds Group: Hey, guys.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Barry.
Barry Klein - Macquarie Funds Group: Good morning. Can you provide some guidance on rate base growth, and any equity needs over the next few years?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. No, near-term outlook for equity needs. Rate base growth continues to run at a high single-digit percentage clip for us, based on our $1.4 billion of CapEx this year and a fairly consistent outlook beyond that. And then, as we had noted even back at the time of separation, the 4% to 6% EPS growth over the long-term does factor in the eventual need for equity, but it's not in the near-term of the plan and nor do we expect that to change.
Barry Klein - Macquarie Funds Group: Okay. So that's how you reconcile, without any equity, high single-digit rate base growth because it's more longer term equity needs, is that how I should think about it?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's part of it. There are a number of other factors. Regulatory lag, continued steps through the regulatory process, some O&M growth as well. But yeah, that's a fair statement.
Barry Klein - Macquarie Funds Group: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning, Joe and Donald. How are you?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Paul. Doing well.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Can you just give a sense of what's happening in the steel sector in Indiana and – basically, what you're seeing there?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. We've obviously paid close attention to what's happening in the steel sector, a very key part of our industrial customer base and a key part of the fabric of the economy in northwest Indiana. What we believe we're seeing is sort of a leveling off at a capacity that's reflective of what you see across the nation, in the probably 70% range. Our load for last year reflects that kind of a usage pattern. And frankly, if you took out 2014, industrial sales for NIPSCO electric, you'd see 2015 fairly representative of the prior number of years. So a flat load profile in terms of the outlook for NIPSCO electric. And we continue to see that – sort of lower level of production, but fairly stable is the way we look at it right now.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: As you talk to your steel customers, any light at the end of the tunnel or just too early?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think it's too early to say that. Better to let them speak to that. But certainly as I noted earlier, a key part of our focus in wanting to find balanced solutions that help make sure that those customers – we're doing our part to ensure the viability of that part of the economy in northwest Indiana.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then I got distracted on something else, but you said you're looking for a potential NIPSCO settlement as early as tomorrow?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I did say that. Yes.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's something that we're optimistic about making progress on. I can't say much more about it, but given the procedural schedule, we're hoping for the opportunity to do something on that front in the next day or two, next business day or two.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Given your upbeat tone on that, maybe I can congratulate you early on getting there.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You could be the first then. Thank you.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Take care, guys. Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill with Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes, thank you. I was wondering if you could comment on kind of what takes you within the 4% to 6% earnings growth. What swings you from – what are the swing factors within the range?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, sure. Good morning, Greg. When you look at the profile of our seven companies, the ongoing investment levels and regulatory mechanisms, combination of rate cases and trackers in any given year the range of potential regulatory outcomes is probably the biggest single factor that could move our earnings outlook within that range, and that's a well-diversified mix of regulatory mechanisms. Each state has either a rate case as in Pennsylvania's fully forecasted rate year mechanism or a tracker mechanism that are already well established. So we tend to have a fairly confident outlook within the range, but nonetheless can see a number of things that could change in any given year relative to the mix of regulatory outcomes. Beyond that, I would say there is O&M – O&M variability could be storm-related, could be operationally related in any given year, by far the largest factor is going to be regulatory.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer for any closing remarks.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Kat. And thank you again for joining us this morning. We certainly appreciate your ongoing interest and support in the NiSource's story and look forward to providing additional updates in the not-too-distant future. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Randy G. Hulen - Vice President-Investor Relations Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Donald E. Brown - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer
Analysts: Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Andrew Levi - Avon Capital Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Research Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the NiSource Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your first speaker for today, Randy Hulen. You have the floor, sir.
Randy G. Hulen - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Andrew, and good morning. On behalf of everyone at NiSource, welcome to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me on the call this morning is Joe Hamrock, Chief Executive Officer and Donald Brown, Chief Financial Officer. As you know, the focus of today's call is to review NiSource's financial performance for the third quarter of 2015 as well as to provide an overall business update on the utility operations and our growth drivers. We will then open the call up to your questions. As a reminder, we will be referring to our supplemental slides that are available on the NiSource website. Before getting into the key takeaways for the quarter, I wanted to remind everyone that we successfully completed the separation of Columbia Pipeline Group, July 1. Results for CPG are now classified as discontinued operations. And finally, before turning the call over to Joe, I'd like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this call will be forward looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. Having covered all those reminders, I'd like to turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Randy. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Today, we'll briefly cover our third quarter 2015 results and earnings drivers before discussing specific highlights for several of our utilities. We'll close with the review of our investment proposition and long-range business plan. And we'll leave plenty of time for your questions. As you'll hear throughout today's call, our results and our look ahead reinforced the strength of our 100% regulated utility business model. During the quarter, we continued our disciplined execution of infrastructure and environmental investments complemented by regulatory initiatives which are providing long-term safety, reliability and environment benefits for our customers and the communities we are privileged to serve. Let's first highlight a few key takeaways for the quarter on slide 3. Our results were solidly in line with our expectations. The NiSource team delivered net operating earnings of $0.06 per share in the recently completed quarter versus a loss of $0.03 per share in the same period in 2014. In addition to the successful separation of Columbia Pipeline Group, the NiSource team sustained execution of our well-established plan during the quarter. For example on the regulatory front, in Massachusetts, we received a final order from the DPU approving our base rate case settlement. The approved settlement supports our effort to modernize and replace aging pipeline infrastructure to ensure continued safe and reliable service. In addition, we reached a settlement agreement with parties in our Pennsylvania base rate case filed earlier this year and also received final commission approval of a settlement in our Virginia base rate case as well as approval of a five-year extension of our infrastructure modernization program in Virginia. And in Indiana, we filed our first electric base rate case in five years. I'll provide additional details on these regulatory developments later in today's call. On the capital investment front across all of our companies, we remain on track with our planned total capital spend of approximately $1.3 billion in 2015. Before turning the call over to Donald to highlight our financial results in more detail, I want to reinforce our 2016 guidance and long-term outlook. As previously announced, we expect to deliver non-GAAP net earnings per share of $1 to $1.10 in 2016 with planned infrastructure enhancement investments of approximately $1.4 billion. And in the years ahead, we remain committed to our annual projected dividend and earnings growth range of 4% to 6%. Now, let me turn the call over to Donald to review our financial results in more detail which are highlighted on page 4 of our supplemental slides.
Donald E. Brown - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Good morning everyone. As Joe mentioned, we delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $19 million or $0.06 per share which compares to a loss of about $9 million or $0.03 per share in the third quarter of 2014. On an operating earnings basis, NiSource was up about $31 million. As a reminder, these results no longer include the CPG reportable segment financials which are classified as discontinued operations. The continued solid financial performance you see today is driven exclusively by our utility businesses. On a GAAP comparison, our income from continuing operations was about $15 million for the third quarter versus a loss of about $17 million for the same period in 2014. Now, let's take a closer look at the third quarter operating earnings performance at our two business segments. Our Gas Distribution segment came in at about $22 million compared with $1 million for 2014. Net revenues excluding the impact of trackers were up nearly $19 million, primarily to increases in regulatory and service programs in Ohio, Virginia and Pennsylvania. Operating expenses excluding the impact of trackers decreased about $2 million. Our Electric operations delivered nearly $102 million in operating earnings compared to about $90 million for the prior year period. Net revenues excluding trackers were relatively flat due to increased infrastructure investment revenues offset by lower industrial load. Operating expenses excluding the impact of trackers decreased by about $12 million, primarily due to lower employee and administrative costs. As Joe mentioned, these results are solidly in line with our expectations. Full details of our results are available in our earnings release issued and posted online this morning. Now turning to slide 5, I'd like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile. Our debt level as of September 30 was about $6.7 billion with a weighted average maturity of approximately 14 years and an interest rate of 5.86%. On the liquidity front, our $1.5 billion revolving credit facility went into effect at separation. And at the end of the third quarter, we maintained net available liquidity of about $1.6 billion. Our credit ratings at the three major agencies are solidly investment grade, something we remain committed to as we continue to execute on our $30 billion in infrastructure investment opportunities. As you can see, the financial foundation for our continued growth as a pure play utility is strong, on track and consistent with our investment proposition. Now, I'll turn the call back to Joe to discuss a few customer, infrastructure and regulatory highlights across our utilities.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Donald. As noted, our teams remain on track with our utility investments. These investments further improve reliability and safety, enhance customer service and reduce emissions, all while generating sustainable long-term shareholder value. Let's turn to a few highlights from our Gas operations on slide 6. As I mentioned at the start of the call, in early October, the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities approved the settlement that Columbia Gas of Massachusetts reached with parties in its 2015 base rate case. Rates went into effect on November 1 and the approved settlement provides for an annual revenue increase of approximately $33 million, with an additional $3.6 million annual increase expected in November 2016. In August, Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania reached a settlement in its base rate case pending before the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission. The settlement provides for a $28 million increase in annual revenues and notably also includes mechanisms to support the expansion of natural gas service into unserved areas. A commission decision is expected to authorize new rates by the end of this year. Also in August, Columbia Gas of Virginia received final approval of its 2014 base rate case. The Virginia Commission reaffirmed the $25 million annual revenue increase that went into effect in October 2014. The difference between the settled amount and as filed rates is now being refunded to customers following the final order. The order supports continued capital investments by CVA to modernize its system and accommodate customer growth as well as initiatives to enhance safety and reliability. More recently, the Virginia Commission approved a five-year extension of our SAVE program, with our proposed 20% increase in annual investments. As a reminder, the SAVE program is our infrastructure modernization plan in the state. One item worth noting on CVAs modernization plan, in the past few weeks, the team completed all planned cast iron pipe replacement in the state. At NIPSCO Gas, we filed our semi-annual tracker update in August, which provides support for the remaining five years of our seven-year $817 million natural gas system modernization program. This program involves enhancing existing gas infrastructure and extending gas service to rural areas. Before moving on from gas operations, I'd like to say how encouraged we are by our strong performance across the board on the recent J.D. Power natural gas customer satisfaction surveys. In fact, Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania is a J.D. Power award winner for the second year in a row. And Columbia Gas of Virginia was recognized as one of the most improved brands in the nation. They also ranked as a top brand nationally in communications. This strong performance is a demonstration that our ongoing infrastructure programs are designed to benefit customers and that our team of approximately 7,500 employees is focused on the right things, and that's serving our customers safely and reliably each day. Now, let's turn to our Electric Operations on slide 7. Consistent with the May 26 settlement NIPSCO reached with the Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor and NIPSCO's largest industrial customers, the company filed a base rate case on October 1 and is expected to file a new seven-year electric infrastructure modernization plan with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission or IURC by early 2016. NIPSCO's first electric rate case in five years seeks to recover the current costs of generating and distributing power plus ongoing investments which are delivering substantial benefits to customers, including a 40% reduction in the duration of power outages. The request also seeks to create a bill payment assistance program for low income electric customers during the summer cooling season. A decision by the IURC is expected in the third quarter of 2016. NIPSCO's flue gas desulfurization unit at its Michigan City generating facility is set to be placed in service by the end of the year on schedule and on budget. The approximately $255 million project, supported with cost recovery, improves air quality and helps to ensure NIPSCO's generation fleet remains in compliance with current environmental regulations. It also helps ensure that NIPSCO can continue offering low-cost reliable and efficient generating capacity for its customers. Progress also continued on two major electric transmission projects designed to enhance region-wide system flexibility and reliability. Right of way acquisition, permitting and substation construction are underway for both projects. These projects involve an investment of approximately $500 million for NIPSCO and are anticipated to be in service by the end of 2018. We believe our investments are paying off for our customers in Northern Indiana, and we saw evidence of that in the recent J.D. Power residential electric customer survey. NIPSCO's electric overall customer satisfaction index score increased 30 points over 2014 and was among the most improved electric utilities in the Midwest. So as you can see, our teams continue to execute on our well established infrastructure, environmental, customer and regulatory plans. Before turning to your questions, I'd like to reaffirm the value proposition that we believe differentiates NiSource. Following the separation of Columbia Pipeline Group, we are well aligned with our aspiration to be a premier regulated utility company. Our plan represents a best-in-class risk-adjusted total return proposition with continued progress on our $30 billion of long-term 100% regulated utility infrastructure investment opportunities with significant scale across seven states, transparent earnings drivers and constructive regulatory environments. To that end, we're focused on leading in the areas that matter most in our industry, enhancing value to our customers and communities, stewarding our assets to ensure safe, reliable, affordable and efficient service, engaging and investing in the communities we serve, and ensuring through disciplined execution that we deliver on our financial and other stakeholder commitments. This transparent, sustainable growth is expected to drive enhanced shareholder value well into the future. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We look forward to sharing continued updates on our progress. Now, let's open the call to questions. Andrew?
Operator: We'll begin with a first question from Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning. How are you?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Paul. How are you?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Fine, thank you. You had a pretty nice swing at the LDC operations. I know it's on (16:46) new rates, but was there any rate design in there and maybe more fixed cost recovery?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, nothing substantial in terms of the shift in the rate design on the LDC side of the business; just continued execution of the investment plan and regulatory cadence across really all of the states with the mix of base rate case outcomes and tracker mechanisms contributing to the revenue side of the equation. And I would add disciplined expense control across the business as well.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you. And what are you seeing as far as demand from your steel customers and kind of what's the outlook there for the next 12, 18 months?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, those are as you know very important customers to us, a critical part of the Northwest Indiana economy. And we've been very tuned in to the pressure they've been under from international trade and have seen signs of moderation in that this year, but still a very flat load profile on the industrial particularly the steel side. It's important to note that 2014 was a bit of an anomaly in terms of the load from that sector with them depending more on our generation than their own internal generation in that year due to weather conditions and operating conditions. But nonetheless, on a moderate to mid-term basis, we're off by probably 7% or so on a year-to-date basis on the steel load in Northwest Indiana and we'd expect slow recovery, slow and steady recovery. The other side of that though, Paul, is we're seeing really strong signs of economic development in other parts of the Northwest Indiana economy that while not completely offsetting the steel issues, certainly provides some stability for us.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Can you give us a sense of the difference in margin between selling to a steel customer and just selling on the open market?
Donald E. Brown - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Well the open market these days is pretty flat in the MISO region. So in the short-term view, I'd say that's not a very favorable equation in general. But I couldn't give you offhand a difference in the margin between the two and it's certainly part of the electric rate case that's filed that's in front of us for next year.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Paul. Have a good day.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: You too.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andy Levi from Avon Capital. Your line is open.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Hi. Good morning guys.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning Andy.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: I may be the last one, because I just dialed in. So let's see.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: But just on the (19:35), you mentioned that last year was abnormally high. Was that what, like some co-gen units down or something like that or?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, that's exactly right. Last winter was the harsh operating conditions in the weather. Some of the industrials were not able to run internal generation, so we served that load and that contributed to an uptick in the 2014 industrial load profile relative to what I would call normal in the prior couple of years. So if you looked at 2015 over versus maybe a three to five year strip of the prior of years, it's pretty consistent with the prior years in general but off of 2014 because of that.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: So really I guess for that sensitivity, what you're saying is go back to 2013?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, that's a good, probably a good representative indicator of what we might see in a quote/unquote normal year.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: So on a – again, I won't hold you to the exact number but maybe you can give us a ballpark. On normalized basis, any idea where you think industrial sales are down, because of steel or just in general?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I'd call it relatively flat on a normalized basis right now, and the outlook will be continued relatively flat load from that sector.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Okay, that's good to hear. And then as far as, so when you file this rate case in Indiana, I guess there won't be any reason to incorporate in your rate case a lower sales level for industrial or will that be a component of it?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's always a part of any rate case and just in terms of revenue allocation across different customer groups. Keep in mind the test year goes through end of March of this year, 2015, so that's the load profile. That's the starting point for the rate case and reflects a little bit of that but doesn't give you a full picture of the outlook for industrial. So you'll see a little bit of that in the rate case. A little bit of adjustment for that.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Okay. And then my last question is, obviously since your last call, there have been two acquisitions within the sector that had some unbelievable premiums paid, which was what your stock – basically, if you kind of took the PE ratio, it was almost double, so maybe not quite. But the point being is, just what are your thoughts on that and does that change the dynamics of your thinking going forward?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, yeah. I haven't seen anything that would double, but that would be interesting. I won't speculate on M&A, Andy. Certainly we're watching with interest the recent announcements in our space. But we remain very focused on our plan, which delivers sustained growth through the clearly identified $30 billion of regulated infrastructure investments. And as you know, that's well supported by our stakeholders. And we're well capitalized with significant scale to continue to execute on that. So that's what we're focused on and we'll remain focused on that.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Okay, and one more question. Just, you had thrown out a growth rate – or earnings estimates I should say, and a growth rate, when you came off the spin. Any way to categorize kind of how you're doing relative to plan, just specifically on the rate cases?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I'd say we're on plan as we speak, as we look at the 2015 performance year to date. We're on plan. Lots of puts and takes within the plan, but certainly right about where we would expect to be. Our outlook remains confident around the range we've provided for next year as well as the long-term growth rate of 4% to 6% EPS and dividend growth.
Andrew Levi - Avon Capital: Thank you very much. Thank you, guys.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman from Morningstar. Your line is open.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Research: Good morning.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Charles.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Research: I realize you're not giving any CapEx forecast beyond 2016, but just in sort of a big picture look – electric, you got Schahfer, Michigan City, will be winding down if not done by 2017. Will the modernization plan you think kick off by then that you'll still maintain a CapEx spend on the electric side of about $400 million plus per year?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Charles, that's a good way to describe it. We've always portrayed the electric (24:32) ramping up over time. In the original filing, the original plan, that's what it reflected. As you know, we'll file a new plan starting with 2016 investments by the beginning of next year. And you would expect to see that same kind of a ramp rate in that plan as we go forward. We remain very committed to those investments. We think they're essential. And it will basically fill in, if you think about NIPSCO's total CapEx profile, it will basically fill in over time as the generation investments ramp down and ramp off.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Research: Yeah, and is that your plan to give like a two-year forecast going out on CapEx so you'll roll this sometime next year or early next year?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, we haven't stated that. We haven't indicated that we've put a specific two-year plan in place. But I would say the $1.4 billion that we've committed to for 2016 is a good indicator of where we expect to be over the long run with a modest general upward bias to that number.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Research: And just, I just opened my model and I have rate base growth of around 8% on the Electric side, but I think that's pre-separation. Is that still a decent number or close number?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Research: Or do you update that?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: In general – you said on the electric side. In general across NiSource, we're going to run 6% to 8% rate base growth over the long run. And that'll move a little bit between Electric and Gas. But it's a good range for both segments.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Research: Okay. I tell you what, I got a couple more but I'll save them for EEI.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. Look forward to seeing you.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Research: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, hi. Good morning.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. So just on the guidance for 2016, just any color where you think you might be tracking within that range looking ahead? And just, I guess the industrial – Indiana maybe a little pressure. The gas utility is doing really well. Just maybe any high level thoughts on how you're tracking for looking into next year?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, that's a fair question. We're not yet ready to narrow or revise guidance for next year. So, certainly not in that position yet. And I think you've fairly characterized some of the major drivers. If you look at really any given year in our planning horizon, regulatory outcomes are the likely swing factors within the guidance. And so as we look at the electric case at NIPSCO, certainly one of the factors that could move the needle a bit within guidance. But we're confident in that range and very confident in the kind of the middle of that range.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. And then going forward, I'm just curious, will you continue to give kind of a one-year forward or two-year forward guidance or it was just kind of because it was the first year of the breakup, i.e., in early 2016 are you going to give a view for 2017 as well?
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We have not decided that yet. We certainly guided early for 2016 because of the separation, and we thought it was appropriate to come out as we separated NiSource and CPG for both sides to give a good look at the first full year of operations. Whether we'll look that far out in the future is yet to be determined.
Steven Isaac Fleishman - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. I'm not seeing any other questioners in the queue at this time, so I'd like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Joseph J. Hamrock - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right, Andrew, thank you very much. And thank you all again for participating today and for your ongoing interest in NiSource. We certainly look forward to sharing continued updates on our progress, and meeting with you, many of you at EEI next week. So have a great day. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you again for your participation in today's conference. This now concludes the program and you may all disconnect your telephone lines at this time. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph Hamrock - President and CEO Donald Brown - EVP, CFO and Treasurer Randy G. Hulen - VP of IR
Analysts: Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NiSource Q2 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference maybe recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Randy Hulen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Randy G. Hulen: Thank you, Michelle, and good morning, everyone. I’d like to welcome you to our NiSource quarterly investor call. Joining me this morning is Joe Hamrock, CEO; and Donald Brown, CFO. As you know, the primary focus of today's call is to review NiSource's second quarter 2015 financial performance as well as provide an overall business update. Following our prepared comments, we will open the call to your questions. At times during the call, we will refer to supplemental slides available on our Web site. Just a reminder, on July 1, NiSource successfully completed the separation of Columbia Pipeline Group or CPG into an independent publicly traded company. As a result, NiSource no longer maintains any ownership interest in either CPG or Columbia Pipeline Partners. However, the financial information presented today does include CPG’s segment results, as it was part of NiSource through June 30. I would note future NiSource financial results will report CPG as discontinued operations. Therefore, our business segment discussion today will focus solely on NiSource utilities. As an independent company, CPG is hosting its quarterly call later this morning at 10 AM Eastern. And finally, before I turn the call over to Joe, I’d like to remind everyone that some of the statements made on this call will be forward-looking. And these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. Having covered all those reminders, I’d like to now turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this first NiSource call since the separation of CPG. Today, we’ll briefly cover our second quarter results and earnings drivers before discussing execution highlights at our utilities. And we’ll close with an overview of our investment proposition and our future business plan as a premier pure-play utility company. And we’ll leave plenty of time for your questions. Before we get into the details though, let me just say how excited I am about the path ahead for NiSource. We’ve set a solid foundation for continued long-term growth and enhanced customer value, guided by an experienced management team with a proven record of execution. And it’s a privilege to represent our team today in sharing some of the highlights of our performance as well as our outlook for the future. As Randy noted, I’ll be referencing a few slides in the supplemental deck that was posted online this morning. First, a few key takeaways for the quarter. For the second quarter, results were solidly in line with our plan. The NiSource team delivered $0.18 per share non-GAAP in the recently completed quarter versus $0.25 per share in 2014. Across the board, we had continued solid execution of our infrastructure investments, customer programs and regulatory initiatives. As Randy mentioned, we finalized the tax-free separation of CPG on July 1. After the market closed on July 1, shareholders received one share of CPG common stock for each share of NiSource common stock. Our commitments through the separation were met, including disciplined cost effective execution, our ongoing focus on customer service and our commitment to investment grade credit. In fact, following the separation, our credit ratings at the three major agencies have either remained the same or improved. Standard & Poor's upgraded our credit rating to BBB plus from BBB minus. Fitch Ratings revised its outlook to BBB minus with a positive outlook from BBB minus with a stable outlook. And Moody’s reaffirmed its rating of Baa2. These ratings set a strong foundation for us as a pure-play utility with significant long-term infrastructure investment opportunities. One of the key value drivers NiSource will continue to offer investors is a solid and growing dividend, which we expect to increase by 4% to 6% annually. We announced our first post separation quarterly dividend of $0.155 per share on July 2, which is consistent with the company’s intention announced in May to increase the initial combined NiSource and CPG dividend by nearly 8%. As we also announced in May, we expect to deliver non-GAAP earnings per share of $1 to $1.10 in 2016 with planned infrastructure enhancement investments of approximately $1.4 billion. Now, let me turn the call over to Donald to review our second quarter financial results highlighted on Page 4 of our supplemental slides.
Donald Brown: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. As Joe mentioned, we delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $57 million or $0.18 per share, which compares to about $78 million or $0.25 per share in the second quarter of 2014. On an operating earnings basis, NiSource was down about $7 million. As a reminder, these results include CPG reportable segment financials. Two factors impacted our net operating earnings compared to 2014. One was additional interest expense related to Columbia Pipeline Group long-term debt issuance prior to the separation. The other was NiSource’s non-controlling interest in Columbia Pipeline Partners, which was formed in February 2015. Combined, these items add up to nearly $0.06 for the quarter. On a GAAP comparison, our loss from continuing operations was about $36 million for the second quarter versus income of about $79 million for the same period in 2014. This decrease was primarily as you would expect attributable to a loss on early extinguishment of long-term debt and separation costs. At the segment level, each of the three pre-separation business segments delivered financial results well in line with our expectations during the second quarter. Full details of our results are available in our earnings release issued and posted online this morning. Now, turning to Slide 5, I’d like to briefly touch on our debt and credit profile following the separation, which as you’ll see is consistent with our May 14 webcast. Following the recapitalization, our total debt level was reduced to $6.7 billion with the weighted average maturity of approximately 14 years and average coupon of approximately 5.86%. On the liquidity front, our $1.5 billion revolving credit facility went into place at separation. And as of July 1, we maintained net available liquidity of about $2 billion. Our financial foundation for our continued growth as a pure-play utility is solid, on track and consistent with our commitments. Now, I’ll turn the call back to Joe to discuss a few customer infrastructure investment and regulatory highlights across our utilities.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Donald. Our teams remain on track to invest approximately $1.3 billion during 2015, which is part of our $30 billion of long-term regulated utility infrastructure investment opportunities. These investments further improve reliability and safety, enhanced customer service and reduced emissions, all while generating sustainable long-term growth. Let’s turn to a few highlights in our gas operations business segment on Slide 6. We’re continuing our disciplined execution on core infrastructure investment and modernization programs supported by complementary regulatory and customer initiatives. In fact, just last week, Columbia Gas of Massachusetts reached a settlement in principle with the Massachusetts Attorney General in its base rate case. The settlement agreement is expected to be finalized and filed for approval with the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities later this month. The case, as you’ll recall, seeks to recover costs to support CMA’s multiyear modernization plan to maintain the safety and reliability of natural gas service for customers. Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania's base rate case is progressing on schedule. The $46 million request supports continued investment in our well-established modernization programs that enhance safety and reliability. A decision in that case is expected by the end of this year. Turning to the pending base rate case at Columbia Gas of Virginia, on June 30, the hearing examiner recommended specific fixed customer charges for each rate class, addressing the final outstanding issue in the case. The commission had previously found that the stipulated annual revenue increase of $25.2 million is reasonable. A final order in the case is expected later this year. And back to Massachusetts, as an update to what we shared in our first quarter call, we received Department of Public Utilities approval of the 2015 Gas System Enhancement Plan on April 30. Cost recovery began on May 1 and is projected to increase annual revenues by approximately $2.6 million. And at NIPSCO gas, we continue executing on our seven-year natural gas system modernization program. Our 2015 projects, which include enhancement of existing infrastructure and extension of gas service to rural customers, are well underway and we expect to file our program and tracker update by September 1. Now, let’s turn to our electric operations on Slide 7. On May 26, NIPSCO, the Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor and some of NIPSCO’s largest industrial customers reached a settlement agreement resolving all concerns raised by the parties in an Indiana Court of Appeals proceeding surrounding the company’s long-term Electric Infrastructure Modernization Plan. As part of the agreement, NIPSCO will file a base rate case, followed by a new seven-year plan. We expect to file the base rate case on or about October 1 of this year.  The FGD unit under construction at NIPSCO’s Michigan City Generating facility is on schedule to be placed in service by the end of 2015. Following the completion of the Michigan City unit and with those we placed in service over the past two years, all of NIPSCO’s coal-burning facilities will be fully scrubbed. NIPSCO’s two major electric transmission projects are also progressing as planned. Right-of-way acquisition, permitting and substation construction are underway for both projects. You’ll recall these projects involve an investment of about $500 million for NIPSCO and are anticipated to be in service by the end of 2018. As you can see, our teams continue to execute on a well-established infrastructure, customer and regulatory plans. Before turning to your questions, I’d like to reaffirm the value proposition that we believe differentiates NiSource. Following the separation of CPG, we are well aligned with our aspiration to be a premier regulated utility company. Our plan represents a best-in-class risk adjusted total return proposition with $30 billion of long-term 100% regulated utility infrastructure investment opportunities, significant scale across seven states, transparent earnings drivers and constructive regulatory environments. We’re focused on leading in the areas that matter most in our industry, those are enhancing value to our customers and community, stewarding our assets to ensure safe, reliable, affordable and efficient service, engaging and investing in the communities we serve and ensuring through disciplined execution that we deliver on our financial and other stakeholder commitments. This transparent sustainable growth is expected to drive shareholder value. As we first announced in May, we expect to deliver non-GAAP earnings per share between $1 and $1.10 per share in 2016. We expect our capital program will grow to about $1.4 billion annually starting next year. And finally, we expect to grow our non-GAAP EPS and our dividend by 4% to 6% per year. Thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in support of NiSource. We look forward to sharing continued updates on our progress. Now, Michelle, let’s open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Paul Ridzon: Good morning. How are you?
Joseph Hamrock: Good morning, Paul. I’m doing fine. How are you?
Paul Ridzon: Good. When do you expect Massachusetts rates to take effect? Is that calendar tolerated at all?
Joseph Hamrock: The settlement details will be filed later this month and you could look for some potential changes in the timing of the rate implementation in that settlement, but I don’t want to get ahead of the actual settlement itself, the filing of the settlement.
Paul Ridzon: Understood. And can you just share a little bit what’s going on with electric road in Indiana, how much of that was weather? NIPSCO industrial was down. Is that all steel related?
Joseph Hamrock: Yes, we are certainly seeing the steel industry weather some very tough conditions relative to imports, and that – on the industrial side in that particular zone we’re encouraged to see some sign of support from Washington related to the import issues although the recovery looks like it will be prolonged. And on the other side of the coin, we see economic development opportunities emerging, which will provide a nice boost and hopefully a modest offset to the industrial decline in our territory over time. But altogether, the key point here is our outlook factors in those conditions and the effect of that downturn and we remain confident in our guidance for 2016.
Paul Ridzon: And then maybe I’m getting ahead of my skis here, but can you talk about the Indiana rate case and your strategy there with regards to rate base? Is it a – I guess filed under fair value or historic rate base?
Joseph Hamrock: We’re working out the details of that filing as we speak, Paul. The key element for us is to reposition the modernization efforts allowing for the deferral of the tedious investments we’ve made in '14 and '15 rolling those into that rate case and then filing a new tedious plan afterwards. And again, we’ll file that case around October 1.
Paul Ridzon: Okay. Thank you very much, guys.
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. I’m showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back to Mr. Joe Hamrock for any further remarks.
Joseph Hamrock: Thank you, Michelle, and thank you all for joining us this morning. As you can see, NiSource is very well positioned for execution as a premier pure-play utility. Our regulatory efforts continue to play out across the stakes and we’re very encouraged by the opportunities we see in the future. Until next time, I look forward to talking to you then.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Randy G. Hulen - Vice President of Investor Relations Robert C. Skaggs - Chief Executive Officer of CPP GP LLC and Director of CPP GP LLC Stephen P. Smith - Chief Financial Officer of CPP GP LLC, Chief Accounting Officer of CPP GP LLC and Director of CPP GP LLC Joseph Hamrock - Executive Vice President and Group Chief Executive Officer of Gas Distribution Segment
Analysts: Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the NiSource Q1 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Randy Hulen, VP of Investor Relations. Sir, please begin.
Randy G. Hulen: Thank you, and good morning. On behalf of NiSource and Columbia Pipeline Partners, I would like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Chief Financial Officer; and Jo Hamrock, currently Executive Vice President and Group CEO. Soon to be, Joe will be taking on the role of the NiSource CEO after our plant separation. As you know, the primary focus of today's call is to review NiSource's financial performance for the first quarter of 2015 as well as provide an overall business update. Following the NiSource prepared remarks, we also will share a brief overview of the first quarter results for Columbia Pipeline Partners, which were also released this morning. We will then open the call to your questions. At times during the call, we will refer to the supplemental slides available on our website. And finally, I would like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. With all those items out of the way, I'd like to now turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We have a crisp agenda today. I'll touch on several key strategic takeaways. Steve will review our financial results, and then Joe and I will share key execution highlights for NiSource's utilities and CPG. If you'll turn to Slide 3 in the supplemental deck that was posted online this morning, you'll see a few key takeaways for the quarter as well as an update of the separation of NiSource and Columbia Pipeline Group. For the quarter, results were solidly in line with our plan. The NiSource team delivered $0.85 per share non-GAAP in the first quarter versus $0.82 per share in 2014. Our teams also continued to execute on core infrastructure investment plans at all of our businesses, and capital expenditures across our utility and pipeline segments remain on track. As a reminder, for 2015, we expect a record spend of $2.4 billion. We also remain on track to complete the separation of NiSource and CPG, which we anticipate will happen on July 1, 2015. At the time of the separation, shareholders are expected to receive 1 share of Columbia Pipeline Group common stock for each share of NiSource common stock. As you know, the transaction is expected to be tax free for shareholders and the company. In preparation for the separation, experienced leadership teams have been named for both companies, and just recently, the respective NiSource and CPG executive teams discussed their go-forward financial plans with the 3 major credit-rating agencies. As we said when we announced the separation, we expect both companies will be investment grade. Current expectations are that CPG will be formally rated prior to its May debt recapitalization transaction. And the NiSource's credit ratings will be addressed at or about the time of separation. With each step in the separation process, including the debt recapitalization process, we're positioning NiSource and CPG to be ranked among the leaders in their respective business segments. We expect both will be well capitalized and have robust and transparent, long-term growth plans, growing dividends and solid leadership and the capacity and focus to deliver enhanced, long-term growth. To profile the business strategies and growth plans of the respective companies, we've scheduled 2 separate webcasts on Thursday, May 14. First, Joe Hamrock and team will provide an overview of NiSource's pure play utility business, including its investment opportunities and its commitment to customers and the communities it serves. Following the NiSource call, CPG's executive team will host a similar call. The team will highlight CPG's solid core business, its strategically located assets and its portfolio of transformational modernization and growth opportunities. The NiSource webcast will start at 9 a.m. and the CPG webcast will begin at 10:30 a.m., both Eastern Time. The event with the company presentations will be available at www.nisource.com. In addition to the May 14 webcast, we'll maintain regular communication regarding the separation process through our normal channels, including press releases and filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Steve Smith to review our first quarter financial results highlighted on Page 4 of our supplemental slides.
Stephen P. Smith: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. As Bob mentioned, we delivered non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $268 million or $0.85 per share, which compares to about $258 million or $0.82 per share in the first quarter of 2014. On an operating earnings basis, NiSource was up about $20 million. On a GAAP comparison, our income from continuing operations was about $268 million for the first quarter versus about $266 million for the same period in 2014. At the segment level, you will see in today's release that each of our 3 core business segments delivered financial results in line with our expectations during the first quarter. CPG delivered operating earnings of about $163 million compared to about $159 million in 2014. CPG's net revenues, excluding the impact of trackers, were up about $22 million, primarily due to new growth projects placed into service and new firm capacity contracts. NIPSCO's electric operations delivered about $67 million in operating earnings compared to about $74 million in the same period in 2014. Net revenues, again excluding trackers, were relatively flat, due primarily to lower off-system sales. And finally, our Gas Distribution business came in at about $306 million compared to about $280 million in 2014. Net revenues, again excluding the impact of trackers, were up about $43 million. As the numbers attest, we continue to deliver solid financial results. Full details of our results are available in our earnings release issued and posted online this morning. Now turning to Slide 5. I'd like to briefly touch on our financing and liquidity position. We retained a strong liquidity position with approximately $2 billion of net available capacity as of March 31. Of our $2.4 billion capital investment program planned for 2015 at NiSource and CPG, approximately 80% of these investments are focused on revenue-generating opportunities. Our debt to capitalization remains solid at about 54% as of March 31. And as Bob mentioned, we remain on track with the NiSource, CPG separation, including establishing a strong financial foundation with expected investment-grade credit ratings. A CPG long-term debt offering of $2.75 billion and the NiSource tender transaction will begin soon. As we've noted previously, the proceeds of CPG's debt offering will be used to fund a one-time cash distribution to NiSource prior to the separation. With that, I'll turn the call back to Bob and Joe to discuss a few execution highlights from our business segments.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks, Steve. I'll start with highlights for CPG on Slide 6, and then Joe will cover highlights for NIPSCO and our gas utilities. The CPG team continues to advance the steady stream of transformational growth projects, which are in addition to its landmark modernization program. The latest news on that front includes the completion of an open season for 2 major regulated transmission projects and the development of a new midstream project. We're happy to report that we have a critical mass of firm customer commitments in place following the binding open season for the Mountaineer and Gulf XPress projects which concluded on April 23. As a reminder, these 2 projects would involve an investment of approximately $2.6 billion and would add 2.7 billion cubic feet per day of transportation capacity on Columbia Gas Transmission and nearly 900 million cubic feet per day of transportation capacity on the Columbia Gulf System. And on the midstream front, our team commenced discussions with a major producer on another dry gas gathering trunk line in southwestern Pennsylvania. Once we have all the details confirmed, we'll provide an update on this exciting new project. All of CPG's other in-progress modernization, growth and midstream projects remain on track. You'll recall that CPG's targeted capital investment level for 2015 is approximately $1.1 billion. A full highlight of our in-flight growth projects can be found on Pages 13 and 14 of the supplemental deck. With that, let me welcome Joe Hamrock to the call. Joe?
Joseph Hamrock: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. Let's shift first to NIPSCO, our Indiana electric and natural gas business, summarized on Slide 7. The NIPSCO team is continuing to deliver on our customer-focused strategy of investment opportunities approaching $10 billion for electric infrastructure and $5 billion for gas infrastructure over the next 20-plus years. The FGD unit under construction at NIPSCO's Michigan City Generating Facility is on schedule to be placed in service by the end of 2015. Following the completion of the Michigan City unit and with those we placed in service over the past 2 years, all of NIPSCO's coal-burning facilities will be fully scrubbed. NIPSCO's 2 major electric transmission projects are also progressing as planned. Right-of-way acquisition and permitting are underway for both projects, and preliminary construction began on a 345-kv Reynolds-Topeka line. You'll recall these projects involve an investment of about $500 million for NIPSCO and are anticipated to be in service by the end of 2018. We remain on track and committed to our Indiana electric and gas modernization programs. As set forth in our TEDUS [ph] plan, we have about $190 million in planned spend this year. These investments help ensure continued safe, reliable and affordable service to customers. And as you likely saw earlier this month, the Indiana Court of Appeals issued a ruling regarding some of the elements of the approved electric modernization plan. The court upheld key components of the commission's order, and one item related to the level of investment detail within the order will need to be revisited as part of the regulatory and legal process. As the first utility to file a plan under the TEDUS [ph] Statute, we recognized the potential for temporary delay. We're evaluating the rule and remain committed to our modernization investments, which are essential to our ongoing plan for upgrading our system to serve [indiscernible] now and into the future. NIPSCO's agenda remains focused on customer service and high-value targeted programs that enhance the reliability and environmental performance of its systems. Investments in our electric infrastructure are expected to reach nearly $400 million in 2015. Turning to our Gas Distribution operations on Slide 8. You can see a similar story of large scale infrastructure investment paired with complementary, regulatory and customer programs. Touching on a few regulatory highlights in recent months. In March, Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania filed a rate case with the Pennsylvania PUC to support continuation of our well-established infrastructure modernization and safety programs. If approved as filed, the case would increase annual revenues by approximately $46 million. We expect a decision in that case later this year. Columbia Gas of Massachusetts filed a rate case on April 16 with the Massachusetts Department of Public utilities, seeking an annual revenue increase of approximately $49 million. The filing reflects the company's commitment to maintain natural gas safety, customer service and reliability. A decision is expected in the first quarter of 2016 in that case. Also in Massachusetts, later today, we expect the decision from the DPU for our 2015 Gas System Enhancement Plan. Cost recovery associated with the 2015 investments outlined in the plan would begin tomorrow and increase annual revenues by approximately $2.6 million. And Columbia Gas Virginia settled rate case remains pending before the commission. A final order on the $25 million revenue increase is expected later this year. In more recent news, just last week, the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio approved Columbia Gas of Ohio's annual infrastructure replacements and demand side management rider. The rider provides for recovery of its well-established pipeline replacement program and energy efficiency program investments. So overall, we expect to invest approximately $900 million during 2015 across our company's Gas Distribution businesses. These investments help improve reliability and safety for our customers and communities, provide additional customer access to natural gas service and reduce emissions. Through well-established recovering mechanisms in all 7 states, these investments are expected to generate incremental revenue and sustainable returns for shareholders. So in summary, NiSource gas and electric utilities are in full execution mode on all fronts and very well positioned for the future. Thanks, again, Bob. And I'll hand things back to you.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks, Joe. As you can see, continued solid performance on a strong, well-established growth strategy. Before briefly discussing the results of Columbia Pipeline Partners and opening the call to your questions, let me reiterate several key points. We remain focused on and are on track with our current business and customer plans. We remain on track with the CPG separation scheduled for July 1. We expect both companies will be well financed and very well positioned to execute on their distinct strategies. And now, a couple of dates and actions related to the separation that I should highlight once again. We expect to receive our CPG credit ratings in a matter of days, and after securing these ratings, we'll initiate the debt recapitalization process, including CPG issuing its own long-term debt and a separate tender offer for NiSource debt. On May 14, as I mentioned earlier, NiSource and CPG will host separate webcast to outline a respective growth strategies and associated infrastructure investment opportunities. In early June, we anticipate that we'll confirm the distribution record date, the effectiveness of the Form 10 and the so-called when issued trading period. All of these would culminate with the planned distribution of shares on July 1, 2015, and CPG trading on its own the following day. We look forward to diving deeper into these dates and actions during our May 14 webcast. With those highlights, Steve will now briefly discuss Columbia Pipeline Partners' results.
Stephen P. Smith: Thanks, again, Bob. As you know, we successfully completed CPPO's IPO in February, which raised approximately $1.2 billion. And just yesterday, we announced the prorated cash distribution of about $0.09 per unit to holders of record as of May 13. This distribution corresponds to the minimum quarterly distribution of $16.75 per unit, or $0.67 annually. This morning, we issued a news release highlighting CPPL's results for the post-IPO period. As you know, the key drivers for the period mirror the key drivers of NiSource and CPG business segment. And our adjusted EBITDA's consistent with our expectations for the quarter. These results are squarely on par with CPPI's strategy for delivering value to unit holders and remains consistence with our guidance for the year that was presented in our registration statement. Bob?
Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks, Steve, and thank you all for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource and Columbia Pipeline Partners. Today, we're ready to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: How big was the gain last year on the mineral sale?
Stephen P. Smith: This is Steve, Paul. It was approximately an aggregate $35 million or so.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That's pretax?
Stephen P. Smith: Yes.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And this quarter, we saw off -system sales and industrial decline. I imagine the industrial is steel related, what drove the off-systems sales decline?
Stephen P. Smith: Yes, it was approximately $10 million lower quarter-over-quarter. And it's just lower opportunities to realize off-system sales. I think, industrials managed the winter months much better this quarter than they did last year at this time.
Joseph Hamrock: Paul, this is Joe. On the industrial side, you're right, some of it's steel, but a lot that was related to last year's Polar Vortex and some self-generation, of some of the industrial segment not running, so a little more opportunity for us in that segment last year. So you'll see some flattishness in the industrial sector but nothing as significant relative to plan.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Can we have a little more color on the new project in southwest PA that you highlighted?
Robert C. Skaggs: Not a lot more color on it. It's a backbone-gathering system. The need for the system is driven by the robust results of Utica drilling in that region. It's going to be anchored by one key tenant, but likely to have additional folks requiring capacity. It could be as large as a bee a day. So I think, it's again, just evidence that the gas is there, the demand for capacity to get the gas out of the region is there. So we're bullish.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Is this hundreds of millions of dollars of investment?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Yes and this is very much a zip code sort of range, but $275 million to $300 million is the bracket we put on it at this point.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then, I guess, for the past couple of years, May has been the time period when you looked at dividend increases. It's kind of we look for something in conjunction with your webcasts?
Robert C. Skaggs: We're certainly going to be providing detailed on our approach, growth rates and the like on May 14. So yes, stay tuned.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fleishman of Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: So just on Mountaineer, it just sounds like everything is going well. And when will you be more specific on full kind of cost of project and it's definitely going forward?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. We'll obviously provide additional details during the May 14 webcast. We expect board outs to clear at the end of June. So stay tuned shortly after June for much, much more detail, but certainly, May 14 will be instructive.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. Maybe -- and pardon if this needs to wait till May 14. But one thing that you guys seem to be different than maybe many other peer companies is just the extent of organic growth off your system with a huge amount of projects, it seems like you're doubling or tripling your size?
Robert C. Skaggs: Tripling the size.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Tripling the size. How are you thinking of kind of addressing that relative to thinking about peer groups of other pipelines?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. On May 14, we're obviously going to draw the distinction in and around Columbia Pipeline Group. And we will be referencing a group of peers, and as you would expect, they are the usual big players in the space, but we'll certainly be making the point that -- who we think we comp against, how we comp. And so you'll see that complete profile in the 14th.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: And when you give visibility out, because in theory if you're looking today, you're a lot different today than you're going to be a few years from now. So will you be able to give visibility out?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, to that point, expect long-term visibility as you're suggesting in your question much of this growth peaks in '17, '18 and then we see cash flowing '19 and '20. So to appreciate the full CPG story, you really need to look at the company and its performance over that longer period of time. So clearly, we expect to do that. We will do that. I think there will be plenty of granularity near term, long term, medium term, so the folks are going to have a good basis to assess the company and its growth.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. That's great. And just -- this might have been addressed, but the appeal in Indiana on the monetization program, just how does this kind of go from here after that court ruling and does it change anything that you're doing in the meantime?
Joseph Hamrock: Steve, this is Joe. It doesn't change anything we're doing. We remain committed to the investments and are working with the stakeholders as we always do to evaluate the options for moving forward, but we see a number of potential options. And we see this generally as a ruling that upholds the core of the statute in the quarter, the framework and just asked the commission to take a look at the long-term plan details to reaffirm the plan ultimately. So we see it as ultimately supportive and a temporary delay.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Chris Sighinolfi of Jefferies.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I don't know if this is a question for you or for Steve or for Joe. But in terms of how we think about the debt recap. I know if I look at the balance sheets you guys put out this morning, and I think about what you've told us, I think at the Analyst Day, it was around a $3 billion debt recap. I heard Steve correct it, it's more like $2.75 billion now, is that right?
Stephen P. Smith: Yes. It's really -- we're really honing in with a sharper pencil on what we need with respect to that debt offering. And you'll recall in the IPO, we were able to raise a bit more money in that transaction upwards of $1.2 billion. So that helped us manage the size of the debt offering. So it's $2.75 billion, and that's going to be used largely for 2 things: to pay an intercompany dividend of around $1.5 billion to NiSource, and then to pay off intercompany debt with NiSource in $1 billion range. And NiSource is going to take that payment, both the dividend and the repayment of intercompany debt and use that to execute a tender offer for approximately $750 million or so of NiSource's debt over the next 30 days or so. So that's the high-level plan on the recapitalization front.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And is that -- Steve, is that just driven by a sort of a targeted debt loan on a pro forma NiSource business as you see it, in conversations with the rating agencies, or what would sort of shape any deviation from that?
Stephen P. Smith: Chris, I don't see a lot of deviation in that calculus. We've worked very diligently with the rating agencies as we always do on our long-term financial plans and feel that the size of this transaction adequately addresses; the balance sheets for both companies going forward and puts them in that solid investment-grade rating range going forward.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. I'm sure we'll have more detail on all fronts on the 14th. So I'll hold a lot of my questions for that, but I do just have one question with regard to the CPPL release this morning. Is the maintenance CapEx number that was reported for the first quarter, is that sort of pro forma for the time period in which CPPL was public, or was that the full quarterly number? And if it was the fourth full quarterly number, is there something -- I know you guys had guided, I think, 130 for the full year, so it looks like it's sort of a slower pace.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, Chris, Bob. The 130 number for the year holds. That's correct number. What about the quarter?
Stephen P. Smith: On the quarter, well, I think, it's both the predecessor company and the post-IPO period. So those 2 pieces are cut into 2. We'll get you that exact number.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, we'll follow up with you, Chris, to confirm.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from the line of Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: We've heard a lot about reduced activity in the Bakken and in other regions. What are you seeing in your territories?
Robert C. Skaggs: Widely publicized that the producers in our neck of the wood have dialed back drilling activity in 2015, and you'll see numbers of 30%, 40%, you'll see some folks that have held the line, if not maybe increased marginally. But we have seen what we consider to be prudent dialing back off of drilling. Having said that, Paul, I think Mountaineer XPress, Gulf Xpress, that new midstream project that we announced today affirms that the producers continue to be very, very bullish on the region, and they still expect production increase year-over-year, and certainly, increase in '17, '18, '19 and the balance of the decade. So prudent dialing back, but still strong, strong commitment to the Marcellus and Utica region.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Bob Skaggs for closing remarks.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks so much. And to everybody on the call, again, we appreciate your participation and your support. And we certainly look forward to chatting with you on May 14, both at NiSource and Columbia Pipeline Group. So thanks. Have a good day. We appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Randy Hulen - VP, IR Bob Skaggs - CEO Steve Smith - CFO
Analysts: John Barta - KeyBanc Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Chris Sighinolfi - Jefferies Becca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors Charles Fishman - Morningstar
Operator: Welcome to the NiSource Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Randy Hulen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Randy Hulen: Thank you and good morning everyone. On behalf of NiSource and Columbia Pipeline Partners, I would like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, Chief Executive Officer and Steve Smith, Chief Financial Officer. As you know, the primary focus of today's call is to review NiSource's financial performance for the full year and fourth quarter of 2014 as well as provide an overall business update. Following our NiSource prepared remarks, we will also share a brief overview of the predecessor results for Columbia Pipeline Partners which were released this morning. We will then open the call to your questions. At times during the call, we will refer to the supplemental slides available on our website. I would like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors section of our periodic SEC filings. With all those items out of the way, the call is now yours, Bob.
Bob Skaggs: Thanks, Randy. Good morning and thank you for joining us. 2014 was a watershed year for NiSource. It was anchored by focused execution of a record infrastructure investment program and the initiation of strategic and transformational growth plans. Those notably included the creation of Columbia Pipeline Partners and the announcement of the Columbia Pipeline Group spinoff. If you will turn to slide 3 in the supplemental deck that was posted online this morning, you will see a few of the year's highlights. The NiSource team delivered yet another year of solid operational performance and industry-leading financial results. In 2014, we generated net operating earnings from continuing operations, non-GAAP of $1.72 per share, exceeding our guidance range of $1.61 to $1.71 per share and up nearly 9% from 2013 and we delivered total returns to our shareholders of 32%, which outperformed the major utility indices for the sixth consecutive year. Our team executed on a record $2.2 billion capital investment program, made significant progress on various regulatory and legislative programs and originated several transformational growth projects at CPG. These initiatives synched closely with our company-wide modernization initiatives, delivered significant value to our customers by facilitating the development of significant shale resources and providing more modern, safe, efficient and environmentally friendly infrastructure. They also benefit our communities through job creation and economic development and our shareholders through sustainable long-term returns. During the year, we also expanded our projected long-term inventory of infrastructure investments which is now targeted at $12 billion to $15 billion at CPG over the next 10 years and $30 billion at NiSource's utilities over 20 plus years. As I noted at the top of the call, 2014 marked the launch of two important strategic initiatives; the separation of CPG and the creation of Columbia Pipeline Partners. On that note, our team was pleased with Columbia Pipeline Partners' $1.2 billion initial public offering in early February. The Partnership's offering was enthusiastically received by investors. Steve will provide a brief update on the partnership as part of this morning's call. We remain on track with the NiSource CPG separation process. A couple of weeks ago, we filed our initial form 10 registration statement with the SEC, have announced key expected board members and the majority of executive team members for both companies. Following the separation, both companies are expected to move forward as independent, investment grade pure play entities with experienced teams focusing on executing and elevating well-established platforms for growth. As we look ahead to NiSource and CPG operating, independent companies, I wanted to briefly highlight their growth expectations. As we first announced in our 2014 investor day, NiSource as a pure play utility expects its average annual long-term earnings and dividend to grow at 4% to 6% over the long term. As a pure play pipeline company with an MLP, CPG is targeting its annual adjusted EBITDA growth in the mid- to upper teens over the next several years. Its annual dividend growth is expected to be commensurate with this robust EBITDA growth. With these very strong growth rates and deep investment inventories, both companies will be positioned in the top tier of their peer groups. As the separation date gets closer, both NiSource and CPG will conduct roadshows to provide additional details on their projected performance profiles. And just to expand on the growth for one moment, we wanted to be absolutely clear on the fundamental baseline commitments of each company. Therefore, we provided earnings and dividend outlooks as well as capital expenditure outlooks. We wanted to be clear on what long-term drivers are for each of the businesses. We wanted to be helpful versus academic. And as you know, 2015 will be a split year for NiSource and CPG with significant developments unfolding during the first half of the year, including the IPO of CPPL, the recapitalization of CPG and NiSource, as well as the separation itself and the ongoing development of Mountaineer XPress and Gulf XPress. Again, we wanted to provide what was helpful, what was most constructive, therefore our key commitments are key fundamental drivers. As we mentioned, roadshows will occur prior to separation to provide additional detail on 2015, 2016 and the long term. Now with that, let me turn the call over to Steve Smith to review our 2014 financial results highlighted on page 4 of our supplemental slides.
Steve Smith: Good morning, everyone. As Bob mentioned, we've exceeded our guidance range for the year by generating non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $545 million or $1.72 per share, which compares to about $495 million or $1.58 per share in 2013. On an operating earnings basis, NiSource was up about $125 million. By GAAP comparison, our income to continuing operations was about $530 million for 2014 versus about $490 million for 2013. At the segment level, you will see in today's release that each of our three core business units delivered solid financial results. CPG delivered operating earnings of about $491 million compared to about $441 million in 2013. CPG's net revenues excluding the impact of trackers were up about $80 million. NIPSCO's electric operations delivered about $288 million in operating earnings compared to about $265 million for the prior year. Net revenues excluding trackers were up about $47 million. And finally, our Gas Distribution business unit came in at about $517 million, compared to about $449 million in 2013. Net revenues, again excluding the impact of trackers, were up about $126 million. As our numbers attest, it was another strong year for the NiSource team. Full details of our results are available on our earnings release issued and posted online this morning. Now turning to slide 5, I would like to briefly touch on our financing and liquidity positions. We retained a strong liquidity position with approximately $720 million of net available liquidity at the end of the year. Of our record $2.2 billion capital investment program, approximately 76% of these investments were focused on revenue-generating opportunities. Our debt to capitalization came in at about 62% of the end of the year. And as Bob mentioned, we remain on track with the NiSource CPG separation. In that regard, we have taken several key steps to establish a strong financial foundation for both companies. The first step was to secure two separate credit facilities that will become effective at the separation. We entered into two $1.5 billion five-year credit facilities, one for NiSource and the other for CPG. These facilities will replace NiSource's existing $2 billion agreement. At the same time we entered these agreements, we also entered into a $500 million five-year facility at Columbia Pipeline Partners which went into effect at the time of the IPO. The next major step in this process is the recapitalization, which is on schedule to commence in the second quarter. We will provide additional updates on this process in our first quarter earnings update and through other public announcements. With that, I will turn the call back to Bob to discuss a few execution highlights from each of our business units.
Bob Skaggs: Thanks, Steve. Let's start with CPG highlights on slide 6. The CPG team continues to advance a steady stream of transformational growth and modernization projects. As I noted earlier, CPG expects to invest up to $15 billion in growth capital over the next 10 years, with most major projects currently in execution or in advanced stages of development. During 2014, CPG placed more than $300 million in system expansion projects and service, adding approximately $1.1 billion cubic feet of system capacity. An additional $200 million in midstream projects were put in service during the year and CPG's modernization work approached $320 million. So in total for 2014, we added more than $800 million in new revenue-generating assets in service all on time and on budget. Meanwhile, the CPG team is in full execution mode on several ongoing and transformational growth projects. In December, the FERC approved the construction of the East Side expansion project which will provide approximately 315 million cubic feet per day of additional capacity for Marcellus supplies to reach growing mid-Atlantic markets. This $275 million project is expected to be placed in service later this year. In addition to the East Side expansion, CPG has more than $3 billion of growth projects in progress that will add approximately 4 billion cubic feet of transportation capacity. These projects include the Leach and Rayne XPress projects, the WB XPress project and the Cameron Access project. The Rayne and Leach projects collectively involve about $1.8 billion in system expansion, creating a major new pathway for transporting shale production to attractive markets and liquid trading points. Both projects are expected to be in service by the end of 2017. WB XPress is almost a $900 million project to transport about 1.3 billion cubic feet of shale gas to East Coast markets and various pipeline interconnects including access to the go point LNG terminal and Cameron Access is a roughly $300 million investment that involves new pipeline facilities to connect with the Cameron LNG terminal in southern Louisiana. The project will offer initial capacity of up to 800 million cubic feet per day. Our Columbia midstream team also is continuing to capitalize on CPG's strong asset position in the Marcellus and Utica regions. Midstream projects currently in progress include $120 million Washington County gathering project and the $65 million Big Pine expansion project. Big Pine in the first phase of Washington County will be placed in service before the end of the year. As you may recall during our prior discussions, we've outlined plans for the potential Mountaineer XPress project. We're now in advance commercial discussions with customers on this major project, as well as a complementary project called Gulf XPress. If implemented, these projects would provide substantial transportation capacity out of the Marcellus and Utica shale regions. These two projects could involve an investment as large as $2 billion to $2.5 billion. We hope to complete commercial terms and clear all contractual outs by July. As you can see, on all fronts, the CPG team is executing against an impressive and indeed transformational growth agenda. In 2015, we're targeting a capital investment level of approximately $1.1 billion of CPG. As you've heard us say before, our intent is to triple our net asset base over the next five years. With that, let's now shift to our utility businesses starting with NIPSCO, our Indiana electric and natural gas business summarized on slide 7. NIPSCO is continuing to deliver on its commercial and customer strategy with an inventory of investment opportunities approaching $10 billion for electric infrastructure and $5 billion for gas infrastructure over the next 20 plus years. 2014 was a strong year for NIPSCO as well. In the first half of 2014, NIPSCO commenced its seven-year natural gas and electric infrastructure modernization programs now expected to reach an investment level of nearly $2 billion and completed approximately $120 million of projects in 2014. These investments will help improve reliability, maintain system safety for the next generation. On the environmental front, in December NIPSCO placed the final FGD new unit in service at Schahfer Generating Facility. This unit, like the one placed in service during the fourth quarter of 2013 was delivered on time and on budget. A third FGD unit at NIPSCO's Michigan City Generation Facility is on schedule to be placed in service by the end of 2015. Following the completion of the Michigan City units, all of NIPSCO's coal burning facilities will be fully scrubbed. On the growth side, progress also continued on two major NIPSCO electric transmission projects. Right of away, acquisition and permitting are underway for both projects and preliminary construction will begin on the 345 kV Reynolds to Topeka line in the first half of this year. If you recall, these projects involve an investment of about $0.5 billion for NIPSCO and are anticipated to be in service by the end of 2018. Finally, in addition to the continuation of NIPSCO's electric energy efficiency programs, the IURC approved the extension of the green power rate program. NIPSCO also reached a settlement on the continuation of its feed-in tariff program. NIPSCO's agenda in 2015 remains focused on enhancing the reliability and environmental performance of the systems through modernization and replacement investments. In addition to delivering customer programs that help reduce energy usage and manage bills, these investments expected to reach nearly $400 million in 2015 deliver significant economic development and job creation activity in northern Indiana, while at the same time delivering value to our investors. Turning to our Gas Distribution Operations on slide 8, you can see a similar story of large-scale infrastructure investment paired with complementary regulatory and customer initiatives.  Touching on a few highlights from the year, in November, the Pennsylvania Commission approved the settlement in Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania's base rate case. The case provides for recovery of CPA's investments in its well-established infrastructure modernization program and will increase annual revenues by approximately $33 million. New rates went into effect in December. Also in December, Columbia Gas of Virginia reached a settlement with customers for its rate case, which if approved would increase base rates by about $25 million. Notably in January, the hearing examiner in the case recommended approval of the settlement. Final commission decision is expected by the end of the first quarter. These rate cases, along with one completed in Massachusetts, provide for continued recovery of investments related to our well-established infrastructure programs which are designed to maintain and improve the safety and reliability of our systems. Also in the fourth quarter, Columbia Gas of Massachusetts filed its 2015 system, gas system enhancement plan under new legislation authorizing accelerated recovery of gas infrastructure modernization investments. If approved as filed, cost recovery would increase annual revenues by approximately $2.6 million. Across the gas utilities, we expect to invest almost $900 million in 2015. Together, NiSource's industry-leading platform for utility growth provides significant reliability, safety and environmental benefits to our existing and new customers while also delivering shareholder returns through transparent recovery mechanisms. Shifting to slide 9, our key takeaways for 2015, we plan to execute our current business and customer plans while at the same time delivering the CPG spinoff on schedule in mid-2015. We're moving ahead with another year of record capital investments, targeted at $2.4 billion across our utilities and pipelines and a complementary regulatory and customer service agenda. As for the separation, we're well on our way to standing up two premier companies, with an experienced slate of management and directors at both companies. CPG and NiSource will be well-financed and strongly positioned to execute on their distinct strategies and deliver enhanced long-term earnings and dividend growth. As I mentioned, both NiSource and CPG will conduct roadshows prior to separation to provide detailed business profiles. With those highlights for NiSource, we will now shift to slide 11 in the NiSource deck and Steve will discuss Columbia Pipeline Partners IPO and its predecessor results. Steve?
Steve Smith: Thanks, Bob. With the launch of CPPL, we've introduced a best in class MLP to the market. One with a strong supportive sponsor, stable and predictable cash flows that are virtually insensitive to fluctuations in commodity prices and volumes, a robust growth profile with a deep inventory of long-term infrastructure investments. The strategic footprint overlaying the Marcellus and Utica shale production areas. The financial strength and flexibility and a premier execution focused and experienced leadership team. Our offering was very well received and we're very pleased with the continued positive response. Let's quickly touch on our IPO and predecessor results on page 12. The offering of approximately 54 million units at $23 per share raised nearly $1.2 billion. The pricing offering on February 5 and subsequently began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol CPPL the following day. These units include the full [inaudible] allotment executed by the underwriters. And as I mentioned previously, our $500 million five-year revolving credit facility we entered into in December came effective upon the IPO. Now let's turn to our predecessor results issued this morning for periods prior to the IPO. As we outlined during our earlier NiSource remarks, Columbia Pipeline Group executed on and placed into service a wide variety of high-value projects during the year. These projects recorded CPPL's predecessor growth and will serve as the model for the partnerships growth in 2015 and beyond. The predecessor reported net income of about $269 million for 2014 compared to about $267 million for 2013. The increase is primarily a result of new growth projects placed in service, new firm contracts and higher mineral rights royalties. On an adjusted EBITDA basis, the predecessor reported about $599 million in 2014 versus about $543 million in 2013. These results provide us with a solid footing as we move forward with CPPL's strategy. Bob?
Bob Skaggs: Thanks Steve and thank you for participating today and for your ongoing interest and support of NiSource and Columbia Pipeline Partners. With that Nicholas, we're ready to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of John Barta with KeyBanc. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
John Barta: Bob, thanks for the color on the Columbia kind of growth rates there. First off, are there any certain milestones we should be looking for regarding Mountaineer and Golf pipeline or did you say everything was going to be finalized in July?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, we mentioned we hope to clear all of our contractual outs by July. At the moment, we're still working on agreements with the foundation shippers. One event that we would point you to is open seasons, both Mountaineer XPress and Gulf XPress. If you see those in the coming weeks, or so, that would be a positive sign that the projects continue to be moving forward. I would add those open seasons will be binding open seasons. That would be one guidepost.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
Carl Kirst: If I could just maybe stay with Mountaineer and Gulf XPress for a second but perhaps ask it in a way to see if there has been any shift in tone in producer conversations and in particular, if you've seen any reticence or pulling back midstream versus pipeline? Certainly your enthusiasm for the pipelines to hopefully have contracts by July would indicate that they are staying pretty positive and constructive. But I just wanted to make sure I'm getting the right read here.
Bob Skaggs: Yes. You've hit the nail on the head. It remains positive, constructive. We have been in very, very close contact with our producer shipper customers both on the big work projects as well as the midstream projects.
Carl Kirst: Do you find a difference in the tenor of conversations between the midstream and the pipelines, or just given the exposure to the region, both are continuing to move forward?
Bob Skaggs: It's the latter. There is not a material difference in tone. As you know, folks are being prudent with their CapEx for 2015. Having said that, they still remain fully committed to the Marcellus and Utica and they still focus on take away capacity particularly when you get into the 2017, 2018, 2019 timeframe.
Carl Kirst: And then maybe one last question on the larger pipes and recognizing hopefully we have a binding open season not too far away. I guess should we think about the risk to the project? Is this more of a -- do you guys feel like you are in a competitive shootout with anybody, or is this just a matter of getting the producers comfortable with the economics and trying to get to the right region, but once they make that decision, you guys or these projects are the obvious choice? I just want to make sure I got a good sense of that.
Bob Skaggs: I wouldn't go so far as to say obvious choice, but I would say that the focus tends to be on your latter point. That being the economics, the in service date and the like.
Carl Kirst: And then last question if I could and then maybe one for Steve. I know of very tiny thing, but I'm just curious given the difference of commodity prices, is there any way we should think about the delta or the change in mineral or royalties that you guys are getting from the upstream exposure between 2015 and 2014?
Steve Smith: This is Steve. I would say it's immaterial to the overall results going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Sighinolfi: I just wanted to follow-up on of couple things. I appreciate your color and comments on the CPG ex EBITDA and dividend growth profiles. I was just curious assuming that you're not going to answer a question as to where the starting point is for 2015, if you could just help us frame as you think about it and the board thinks about it the policy considerations around the initial level. I get the growth rate, but as we think about where -- the variables that might shape where you guys ultimately set the starting point upon which we're going to grow at that mid to upper teens level. Can you just give us some additional color on that front?
Bob Skaggs: Yes. Two key considerations. Number one, as you know we're very sensitive to credit. We're fully committed to investment grade credit. We need to go through the credit rating process in the March timeframe as we prepare for recap. So that starting point quite frankly is somewhat sensitive, somewhat dependent on credit considerations. The other is that the huge CapEx needs we have and so it's balancing credit, CapEx and financing coming out of the gate. Those are the key considerations for starting point.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. And so to dovetail on prior questions, if some of the projects that are currently in discussion, sounds like they are moving forward into execution, like Mountaineer and Gulf that could be significant capital deployment. I would imagine then that would be part of this conversation.
Bob Skaggs: Correct. As I pointed out in my prepared remarks that we do have the significant events as we come up to separation and that's certainly a huge, huge variable as we look at the financials and the outlook for the business.
Chris Sighinolfi: Perfect. And I guess switching and perhaps this is a question for Steve. Given the IPO, I know priced 15% or so above the range and I'm imagining the full overallotment exercise. Does that change at all the amount you had talked previously about a $3 billion debt recap. Does that shape at all the expectations around that modestly or at all?
Steve Smith: Not to a large extent. I mean, it does help obviously from a credit perspective, so we're very pleased with the outcome of the IPO. With respect to the recapitalization, it is not going to move the needle too dramatically either way.
Bob Skaggs: We suggest still thinking in terms of $3 billion.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. And that I imagine will be profiled out in various tranches the various duration. Am I incorrect in thinking that?
Steve Smith: That is correct. Our current debt portfolio has a weighted average life of approximately 13.5 years. We would shoot for something north of 10 years, weighted average life. So probably issue a basket of 5, 10 and 30s to achieve that.
Chris Sighinolfi: One final question for me, there was a slight uptick even if I exclude the transaction costs for the fourth quarter that you reported in your corporate segment. There was an uptick in the corporate line item. Is there anything specific that's driving that or is that just a variance from year-to-year?
Bob Skaggs: That's just a variance from year-to-year. We have a bit more outside services costs in there as well as a result of all the activities we have going on here currently with respect to the separations.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
Becca Followill: The growth rate that you've outlined for CPG of mid- to upper-teens, over what time frame is that?
Bob Skaggs: Next three to five years.
Becca Followill: And are you willing to talk at this point about what type of payout ratio that assumes?
Bob Skaggs: Not at this point, Becca.
Becca Followill: Okay. I understand. And then the large CapEx program that you have at CPG, how do you finance that going forward?
Bob Skaggs: Well, the MLP is the sole source of equity through the period and we will be using it frequently to support that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions].Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Your line is open. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: I assume you will take a couple questions on NIPSCO. Slide 7, Bob, the $67 million of the electric modernization plan to be expected to be spent in 2015. 100% of that is covered by trackers?
Bob Skaggs: That's correct.
Charles Fishman: And then I would assume if my math's correct $1.1 billion over seven years, that's probably likely going to accelerate that number in 2016 or is this thing backend loaded?
Bob Skaggs: It gradually steps up and you may have heard us say in prior calls, prior discussions, as we complete the scrubber program, the modernization program begins to tick up or step up.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then last question on NIPSCO, the clean power plan, if you look at what the EPA is proposing for Indiana, a lot of coal plant heat rate improvement, a lot of renewables, a lot of efficiencies at the customer level. Not a lot of gas CCDTs, but have you had any initial discussions with Indiana about what, what would be expected of NIPSCO if this thing comes in even close to what they are proposing?
Bob Skaggs: Yes. We're in constant communications with our stakeholders, with the state. At this point nothing definitive has really been exchanged or decided. But clearly we're working day to day with all those folks.
Charles Fishman: Now in the CPP plan for Indiana, a lot of renewables, is that something that's even on the radar screen as far as the electric utility or the NIPSCO that's after the separation that that's an investment opportunity that they might consider?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, it could be down the road, but I would say over the next few years, still continues to play a modest role in the portfolio.
Operator: Thank you. And with no further questions in the queue, I will now like to turn the call over to the speakers for any closing remarks.
Bob Skaggs: Thank you and thank you once again for your ongoing interest in NiSource and your ongoing support. We greatly appreciate it. Have a good, safe day. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Have a good day, everyone.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Randy G. Hulen - Vice President of Investor Relations Robert C. Skaggs - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Interim Chief Executive Officer for Gas Distribution Segment Stephen P. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2014 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. My name is Michelle, and I'm your event manager. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to hand the call over to Mr. Randy Hulen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Randy G. Hulen: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of NiSource, I would like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As you know, the focus of today's call is to review our financial performance for the third quarter of 2014 and to provide an overall business update. We will then open the call to your questions. At times during the call, we will refer to the supplemental slides available on nisource.com. I would like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. And prior to turning the call over to Bob Skaggs, I wanted to remind everyone that we did file our S-1 on September 29 with the SEC for our planned MLP. As we did on Investor Day, we appreciate your patience around the amount of information that we're going to be able to provide around the entire CPG segment. And with those items out of the way, the call is now yours, Bob.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks, Randy. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. It was good to see many of you at our Investor Day just over a month ago. As you heard, there's a lot of excitement at NiSource. We're executing on a visible and deep long-term investment inventory and driving forward a plan to create 2 premier pure-play energy companies by mid-2015. We'll share execution highlights for each of our businesses in a moment. But first and foremost, let's discuss the most recent quarter, where our team, again, delivered solid performance. In fact, for the quarter, financially and operationally, we posted results that we're squarely on plan. You'll see key takeaways from the quarter on Slide 3 in the supplemental deck that was posted online this morning. And with our continued strong performance, I'm pleased to reaffirm the enhanced earnings outlook we shared last quarter. We continue to expect NiSource to deliver 2014 earnings at the upper half of our non-GAAP earnings guidance range of $1.61 to $1.71. Fueling that performance is NiSource's steady execution on a broad array of stakeholder-focused infrastructure investment opportunities. As noted on this slide, our teams remain solidly on track to complete a record $2.2 billion in capital investments during 2014. And those of you familiar with our Investor Day presentation will recall that we have now identified approximately $45 billion in expected long-term investment opportunities. This inventory translates into approximately $30 billion of investment opportunities in our regulated gas and electric utilities over the next 20-plus years and about $15 billion at Columbia Pipeline Group over the next 10 years. Before handing off to Steve, I would quickly note that we are fully on track with our separation of NiSource into 2 highly focused energy infrastructure companies. Under that plan, NiSource will become a pure-play, fully regulated natural gas and electric utility, and Columbia Pipeline Group will become a pure-play natural gas pipeline, midstream and storage company. I won't rehash all of the separation details, but I do want to highlight a few key points: First, the transaction is expected to be tax-free and value creating. Second, both companies are expected to be investment-grade credits after the separation. And third, we expect to complete the transition in mid-2015. As Randy mentioned, our planned master limited partnership, Columbia Pipeline Partners, filed a form S-1 registration with the SEC on September 29. All details of the planned MLP can be found in that form S-1. Now let me turn the call over to Steve Smith to review our third quarter financial results on Page 4 of the supplemental slides.
Stephen P. Smith: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. As Bob mentioned, we're right on plan for the third quarter and on track to deliver year-end earnings at the upper half of our guidance range. We generated quarterly non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $46 million or $0.14 per share, which compares to about $57 million or $0.18 per share in 2013. On an operating earnings basis, NiSource was down about $3 million when compared to the same period in 2013. On a GAAP comparison, our income from continuing operations was about $32 million for the third quarter of 2014 versus about $50 million in 2013. At the segment level, you will see that each of our 3 core business units delivered solid financial results during the third quarter. CPG delivered operating earnings of about $94 million compared to about $99 million in 2013. CPG's net revenues, excluding the impact of trackers, were up about $19 million, primarily due to growth projects placed into service. Operating expenses, excluding the impact of trackers, increased by about $25 million, primarily due to higher employee and administrative costs and the current-period impact of a gain on the sale of storage assets in 2013. NIPSCO's electric operations delivered about $90 million in operating earnings compared to about $91 million for the prior year. Net revenues, excluding trackers, were up about $12 million, primarily due to higher industrial and residential margins and increased environmental investment cost recovery. Operating expenses, again excluding the impact of trackers, increased by about $12 million due primarily to higher employee and administrative costs and higher electric generation costs. And finally, earnings for the quarter at our Gas Distribution business unit came in at about $1 million compared with a loss of about $1 million for 2013. Net revenues, again excluding the impact of trackers were up by nearly $17 million, primarily due to increases in regulatory and service programs. Operating expenses, excluding the impact of trackers, increased by about $15 million due primarily to increased employee and administrative costs and higher depreciation as a result of increased capital spending. These increases were partially offset by lower environmental costs. Overall, it was another solid quarter for the NiSource team and full details are available in our earnings release posted online this morning. Now turning to Slide 5. I'd like to quickly touch on our financing and liquidity highlights. As you can see, we retained a strong liquidity position with approximately $900 million of net available liquidity at the end of the third quarter. I'm also pleased to reiterate that our capital program for 2014 remains on track at about $2.2 billion. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Bob for an update on key initiatives in each of our business units. Bob?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Thanks, Steve. Before opening the call to your questions, I'll touch on a few key execution highlights, starting with CPG on Slide 6. As we outlined at Investor Day, CPG expects to invest up to $15 billion in modernization and growth projects over the next 10 years, with most major projects currently in execution or in advanced stages of development. Earlier this month, CPG placed in service ahead of schedule and on budget, fully subscribed West Side Expansion project. With completion of this $200 million project, a portion of the Columbia Gulf System is now fully bidirectional in transporting Marcellus gas south to Gulf Coast and Southeast. CPG also placed in service the approximately $25 million Giles County project. This project supports conversion of a large end-user's coal boilers to natural gas. Meanwhile, CPG teams are in full execution mode on several transformational growth projects. First and foremost, work is underway on the $1.75 billion Leach and Rayne XPress projects. These projects will create a major new pathway for delivering about 1.5 billion cubic feet per day of shale production via the Columbia Transmission system, and 1 billion cubic feet per day via Columbia Gulf. Both projects are expected to be in service by the end of 2017. The team is also advancing the WB XPress project, which is expected to provide another major pathway for delivering shale gas to market. As we outlined at Investor Day, the WB XPress is an approximately $870 million project to transport about 1.3 billion cubic feet of shale gas on the Columbia Transmission system to pipeline interconnects in the East Coast markets. The project includes capacity to support the Cove Point LNG terminal. We expect to clear the last remaining condition prior to year's end. We're also quite encouraged by strong customer interest following the nonbinding open season for the Mountaineer XPress project. The project scope is currently being refined, and discussions with potential shippers are on a fast track. I'd also note that CPG continues to execute on its landmark system modernization program. By the end of the year, the company will file with the FERC to recover costs for the second year of modernization investments. CPG will place about $330 million in system improvements in service by October 31 and anticipates cost recovery to begin in February 2015. On the midstream front, the team is continuing to capitalize on CPG's strong asset position in the Marcellus and Utica regions. Our team started work on the $120 million Washington County Gathering project. The project will consist of gathering pipelines and compression facilities in Western Pennsylvania with an in-service date of late 2015. The midstream team also is expanding and optimizing it's Big Pine Gathering System to support Marcellus Shale production in Western Pennsylvania. We're on track to invest about $65 million in enhancements, which will translate into about 175 million cubic feet per day of added capacity by the third quarter of 2015. So as you can see on all fronts, the CPG team is actively executing against a truly impressive and, indeed, transformational growth agenda. And speaking of strong execution, let's shift next to our utility businesses starting with NIPSCO, our Indiana electric and natural gas business, summarized on Slide 7. NIPSCO is continuing to deliver on its business strategy with an inventory of investment opportunities approaching $10 billion for electric infrastructure and $5 billion for gas infrastructure over the next 20-plus years. During the third quarter, NIPSCO launched its 7-year natural gas modernization program, which is now expected to reach an investment level of $860 million, which complements the company's ongoing $1.1 billion electric system modernization program. Progress also continued on 2 major NIPSCO electric transmission projects designed to enhance region-wide system flexibility and reliability. Right-of-way acquisition and permitting are underway for both projects. You'll recall these projects involve an investment of about $0.5 billion from NIPSCO and are anticipated to be in service by the end of 2018. And last but not least, as we shared with you previously, NIPSCO is on plan with its 2 remain electric generating station scrubber projects. The second scrubber unit at Schahfer Station will be in service by the end of this year, and our Michigan City scrubber is on pace for completion by the end of 2015. These 2 projects are part of more than $850 million in environmental investments recently completed or planned in NIPSCO's generating facilities. Turning to our gas distribution operations on Slide 8. You can see a similar story of large-scale infrastructure investment paired with complementary regulatory and customer program initiatives. Touching on a few highlights from the quarter. In Pennsylvania, parties to our pending CPA rate case jointly submitted a settlement on September 5. The proposed settlement provides for recovery of infrastructure modernization investments and would increase annual revenues by about $33 million. Earlier this month, the administrative law judge issued a favorable recommendation to approve the settlement, notably without modification. We expect the final ruling by the Pennsylvania Commission by year's end. In Virginia, we expect a decision during the first quarter of 2015 on Columbia Gas of Virginia's $25 million base rate case that was filed in April. And Columbia Gas of Massachusetts remains on track to file a priority pipe replacement plan with the Massachusetts DPU on October 31. Legislation authorizing accelerated recovery of gas infrastructure modernization investments took effect in Massachusetts earlier this year. Under its plan, CMA expects to begin recovery of 2015 infrastructure investments made under the program in May 2015. So as you can see, the NiSource gas distribution team continues to deliver steady solid progress on a $20 billion inventory of infrastructure opportunities spanning the next 20-plus years. Let me wrap up by reiterating a few key points. First, we're steadily executing on our plan, and we're again reaffirming 2014 earnings in the upper half of our guidance range. Second, we have an unparalleled long-term infrastructure investment inventory, one that now approaches $45 billion. And third, we're well on our way towards successfully completing our recently announced separation that will result in the creation of 2 pure-play, highly focused and well-capitalized companies, premier companies that will be better positioned to execute on their distinct strategies and deliver enhanced long-term growth. Once again, thanks for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. Michelle, we're ready to open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question we have comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. You indicate you're waiting on a legal ruling before you proceed with the MLP. Is that a PLR? Or is that more informal?
Stephen P. Smith: No. Paul, this is Steve. We're just going through the process with the SEC at this point. We're not waiting for any legal ruling or PLR. We don't need one to proceed with the MLP. It's just part of the registration process that we're going through with the SEC at this point.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then secondly, at the risk of drawing a bread box illusion, can you maybe kind of put a capital number around Mountaineer?
Robert C. Skaggs: It could be sizable, Paul. I think you can look at the potential volumes capacity that we're looking at and maybe as a proxy, look at the Rayne Leach or the WB XPress and I think that you would be circling around the so-called bread box.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That's a pretty big bread box.
Robert C. Skaggs: And I would say, again, we're encouraged but as these projects go, we need to get across the finish line. So the team continues to work hard and stay tuned for more details.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of Charles Fishman from Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Bob or Steve, can you remind me, on the 2 transmission projects that MISO had approved, were those MVP projects where the ROE was pretty much already set?
Robert C. Skaggs: That's correct.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Well, then in the recent FERC Order here that FERC is going to hear the challenge to those ROEs, can that be modified? Are those set in stone? How does that work?
Robert C. Skaggs: Just a couple of observations. One, I believe that there is a notable decision on a PJM transmission ROE complaint, so we regard that as being instructive, not dispositive but instructive. And so we are now in process around the complaint that you refer to involving our projects. And so that's going to be a process at the FERC, could be litigated, could be settled. And again, clearly, we got some information from PJM that may or may not be relevant. To your question about the impact on our projects, yes, there could be an impact. I'm not practicing law here, but I believe that when the complaint -- the date of when the complaint filed is relevant and so there could be a reset back to that date and then going forward. I'd also observe this, that if you look at the returns on the project the way we have currently conceived or if you looked at other returns that are out there in the electric transmission world, these projects are very, very valuable. They're accretive. The economics work and so they're very attractive projects we think under virtually any reasonable circumstance.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of Faisel Khan from Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. In terms of the West Side Expansion, when is that due to actually come online? I know it's fourth quarter but is that sort of reaching mechanical completion? Or...
Robert C. Skaggs: It's online.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Is online now?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, yes.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Was that online as of, like, this month? Or was it -- that happened -- I guess I missed that. Was that August, September? Or was that...
Robert C. Skaggs: It was midmonth. It was due to be put online under the agreements here at the end of the month versus next month. So again, we were ahead of schedule and on budget for this project.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Is that flowing at a full 500 million cubic feet a day?
Robert C. Skaggs: We have to get back to you. I think it's on a ramp and will ramp up over a period of time. But we'll ask Randy to get you a sense of what's actually flowing.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. That sounds good. On Rayne and Leach, so have you received all the permits required to begin construction on that? I thought that you had...
Robert C. Skaggs: No, we're just beginning the process and time elapsed, it's going to take about 3 years, give or take, to get this project from when we contract it to in the ground. So we're just at the beginning or early stages of that process.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So there's no phasing of it. It's all -- it will all sort of light up at the same time in the fourth quarter of '17 and so...
Robert C. Skaggs: I didn't really say that. Now there could be some phasing of transportation depending on what part we're talking about and when. So again, we can provide more color down the road when we get a little bit more detail on the project, but there could be opportunities for that.
Operator: Sir, you have no further questions at this time. [Operator Instructions] We have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Bob Skaggs for closing remarks.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, thanks, Michelle. And to everyone, thanks again for your participation and interest. We look forward to seeing most, if not all of you, in a couple of weeks at EI [ph]. So again, thanks. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Please enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Randy G. Hulen - VP, IR Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and CEO  Stephen P. Smith - CFO and EVP
Analysts: Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2014 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. My name is Grant and I'll be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session toward the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this call is being recorded for replay purposes.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Randy Hulen, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Randy G. Hulen: Thank you, Grant and good morning, everyone. On behalf of NiSource I would like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer and Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  As you know the focus of today's call is to review our financial performance for the second quarter of 2014 and to provide an overall business update. We will then open the call to your questions. Also at times during the call we will refer to the supplemental slides available on nisource.com.  I would like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings.  And finally prior to turning the call over to Bob Skaggs I wanted to confirm that we have formally scheduled an Investor Day meeting in New York for September 29. This event will be webcast so that all interested investors can participate. We look forward to your participation so stay tuned for further details on timing and location. Now Bob, the call is yours.  
Robert C. Skaggs:  Thanks Randy. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. As we noted in this morning's release, the NiSource team delivered another quarter of solid execution and financial performance. On today call we'll touch on key highlights from the quarter, discuss how they position NiSource for continued growth in 2014 and beyond. Chief Financial Officer Steve Smith will review our financial results. We'll also provide updates on key execution highlights across each of our businesses, and of course we'll leave plenty of time for your questions. So with that in mind, let's get started with some key takeaways from the quarter. You'll see these listed on slide three in the supplemental deck that was posted online this morning. As I mentioned, our NiSource team once again delivered a solid quarter. Each of our business units continued to execute on our investment-driven business plan. This consistent execution has put us in a position to deliver earnings at the upper half of our non-GAAP earnings guidance of $1.61 to a $1.71 per share. Our Columbia Pipeline Group Unit continued to make steady progress on expanding inventory of growth, modernization in midstream investment opportunities. Many of these initiatives are tied closely to the company's strategic position in the Marcellus and Utica Shale regions. In our gas distribution business, Massachusetts Governor, Deval Patrick signed landmark legislation authorizing accelerated recovery of infrastructure modernization investments. Columbia Gas of Massachusetts intends to file a construction plan with the DPU by October 31st of this year and expects to begin recovering investments on May 1, 2015.  In Indiana, our NIPSCO gas and electric business obtained regulatory approval of a $700 million natural gas modernization program, which will complement a $1.1 billion electric system modernization program. In addition to system modernization, the NIPSCO gas program provides for expansion of its gas distribution system into rural areas in Northern Indiana.  With those quick highlights let me turn the call over to Steve Smith to take a closer look at our financial results on Page four of our supplemental slides.
Stephen P. Smith:  Thanks Bob and good morning everyone. As Bob mentioned the NiSource team delivered another solid quarter and we're on track to deliver year-end earnings at the upper half of our guidance range. We generated quarterly non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $78 million or $0.25 per share, which compares to about $73 million or $0.23 per share in 2013. On an operating earnings basis, NiSource was up about $24 million when compared to the same period in 2013. On a GAAP comparison, our income from continuing operations was about $79 million for the second quarter of 2014 versus about $72 million in 2013.  At the segment level, you will see that each of our three core business units delivered solid financial results during the second quarter. Columbia Pipeline Group or CPG delivered operating earnings of about $104 million compared to about $89 million in 2013. CPG's net revenues, excluding the impact of trackers, were up about $22 million, primarily as a result of growth projects placed in to service and increased mineral rights royalty revenue. Operating expenses, again excluding the impact of trackers, increased by about $10 million, primarily due to an increase in employee and administrative costs and higher depreciation. NIPSCO's electric operations delivered about $60 million in operating earnings compared to about $59 million for the prior year. Net revenues, excluding trackers were up about $12 million, primarily due to higher industrial and commercial margins and increased environmental investment cost recovery. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in off-system sales. Operating expenses, excluding the impact of trackers, increased by about $11 million, due primarily to higher electric generations cost. And finally earnings for the quarter at our gas distribution business came in at about $63 million compared with about $52 million for 2013.  Net revenues, again excluding the impact of trackers, were up by nearly $26 million, primarily due to increases in regulatory and service programs. Operating expenses excluding the impact of trackers increased by about $15 million, due primarily to increased outside service costs, higher depreciation, due to an increase in capital expenditures and increased employee and administrative costs. Overall, it was another solid quarter for the NiSource team. Full details are available in our earnings release posted online this morning.  Now turning to slide five, I'd like to quickly touch on our financing and liquidity highlights. As you can see, we retained a strong liquidity position with approximately $1.2 billion of net available liquidity at the end of the second quarter. I'm also pleased to reiterate that our capital program for 2014 remains on track at about $2.2 billion. As we've indicated in the past, the majority, actually more than three quarters of our investments are focused on tracked and other revenue generating opportunities.  Looking ahead, our financial strategy continues to be balanced, straightforward and fully aligned with our robust long-term capital investment outlook. And we remain strongly committed to maintaining our investment grade credit ratings as well as sustainable earnings and dividend growth.  With that, I'll turn the call back to Bob to cover some of our business unit initiatives and execution highlights.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks Steve. Before opening the call to your questions, let me hit on some key execution highlights at each of our business units. Let's start with the CPG Group on slide six. Our CPG team originated and delivered significant customer-driven growth projects in the quarter and continues to extend its already deep inventory of projects. From a growth project perspective the team began engineering and planning for the Utica access project. This $50 million project will transport Utica gas for Eclipse Resources to liquid trading points on the Columbia Gas Transmission system in West Virginia. Additionally, Columbia Transmission reached an agreement to provide firm transportation service to a natural fired gas electric generation plant in Kentucky. The roughly 70 million cubic feet per day, $25 million project is expected to begin service in mid-2016. Meanwhile CPG’s 250 million cubic feet per day Warren County project is ready for service to support WABCO’s new gas fire electric plant in Virginia. CPG also continues to advance its Rayne, Leach and WB XPress projects, which we regard as been transformational in nature. The Rayne and Leach projects are in the latter stages of development and we expect to have additional details to share on these projects in a matter of weeks. As a reminder the two projects will provide additional transportation capacity of about 1.5 Bcf and 800 million cubic feet per day on the Columbia transmission and Columbia Gulf transmission systems. The projects will go into service late 2017. On the WB XPress, this project is a bit further out, but we also expect to share additional details on this build later this quarter. This project would add another 1.3 billion cubic feet per day of transportation of Marcellus production to pipeline interconnects an east coast markets. The WB XPress project will go in to service late 2018. Columbia transmission also remains on track with the second year of its long-term system modernization program. Under the program, CPG is investing approximately $300 million annually in improvements to system reliability, integrity and flexibility. Settlement with company's customers addresses the initial five years of an expected 10 to 15 year program that will exceed $4 billion in investments. At NiSource Midstream Services, the team has completed the facility’ of its first phase of its Hickory Bend gathering and processing project. In addition our Midstream team has begun executing on the approximately $120 million Washington County gathering project announced on our first quarter call. As a reminder this project is anchored by a long-term agreement with Range Resources. This project is expected to be in service during the second half 2015. The Midstream team is also in advance discussions with customers about 175 million cubic feet per day expansion of the Big Pine Gathering System. As you can see the CPG team continues to capitalize on its solid relationships and strategic position to extend an already deep inventory of projects. Next let's shift to our Indiana electric business summarized on slide seven. NIPSCO continues to advance a broad agenda of system modernization, reliability and environmental improvements. On the projects front NIPSCO is moving forward with its $1.1 billion electric modernization program, approved in February by the IURC. The seven year program provides for the replacement and upgrade of underground circuits, transformers and poles, helping increase system reliability and deliver economic development benefits to the region.  Progress also continued on two major NIPSCO electric transmission projects designed to enhance region wide system flexibility and reliability. Both are on schedule and on budget. Most recently the route was selected for the Greentown-Reynolds project, a roughly 70-mile, 765 KV line being constructed jointly with Pioneer Transmission. Meanwhile the 100-mile, 345 KV Reynolds to Topeka project remains on schedule with right-of-way acquisition and permitting in process. These projects involve an investment of about $500 million for NIPSCO and are expected to be in service by the end of 2018.  And as we've discussed on prior calls, our NIPSCO power gen scrubber projects remain on schedule and on budget With completion dates of year end 2014 and year end 2015 these investments are part of more than $850 million of the environmental investments at NIPSCO. Let's turn now to our gas distribution operations discussed on slide eight. Our gas distribution teams continue to steadily execute on their long term and growing inventory of infrastructure replacement and enhancement programs. We're on track to invest approximately $785 million in 2014 on system modernization and other capital improvements. And as you know we pair those investments with complementary legislative and regulatory initiatives as well as customer programs. I already mentioned the landmark legislation signed in to law in Massachusetts. This is a significant achievement which provides a mechanism that better aligns the timing of investments with recovery and paves the way for a sustained system modernization program. As I noted earlier, our CMA team will be submitting a construction plan under the new law later this year.  On the regulatory front, we filed our first rate case in four years of Columbia Gas of Virginia. The case is seeking a revenue increase of approximately $25 million which would support CGV's ongoing efforts to accommodate growth as well as cost recovery of CGV's multi-year distribution system modernization program. A decision is expected by the end of the year. Meanwhile the Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania's rate case remains on track. That's a $54 million request which would support continuation of CPA's ongoing modernization program. We expect a resolution later this year. As you can see, our gas distribution companies continue to steadily execute on a well-established agenda of long-term investment in system reliability and customer programs. To wrap up, given the team’s strong execution of the plan we're now positioned to achieve results at the upper half of our 2014 non-GAAP guidance range of $1.61 to a $1.71 per share. I also want to reiterate that our team continues to execute against NiSource’s robust investment driven business strategy and we're doing so while staying true to our well established core commitments. Those are maintaining stable, investment grade credit ratings, delivering stable and long-term dividend growth, delivering stable and long-term earnings growth. And last but not least, as Randy mentioned in his introduction we're hosting an Investor day on Monday, September 29th. Consistent with our past sessions our team will be providing a detailed discussion of the NiSource investment proposition, supported by an in-depth review of our growth opportunities and investment inventories across each of our business units. We're looking forward to that meeting and your participation. Again thank you for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. Grant, we can now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Please standby for your first question. And our first question is coming from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets : Good morning.
Robert C. Skaggs: Hey, good morning Paul. How are you?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets : Good, good. Congratulations on another solid quarter.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thank you. Well it was a nice quarter. I appreciate it.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets : Can we put bookmarks around the potential capital for Leach and Rayne?
Robert C. Skaggs:   Paul, I ask you to bear with me. In just a matter of weeks, a mere matter of weeks, we're going to give you a lot of detail around both of those projects and there'll be a heck of a lot more than bookmarks.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets : Sounds good. And then how should we think about the dividend going forward just growing with earnings?
Robert C. Skaggs: Continue to grow on a robust basis. We'll give you more of a sense at Investor Day about the way we think about it. But as you know, we're balancing a very, very strong investment program, strong earnings growth rate and a strong dividend. So again I ask you to bear with me a little bit more color commentary when we see in the -- in to September.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets : And given the pretty impressive backlog of projects could we look for you to revisit your growth rate in September?
Robert C. Skaggs: We'll talk about that in September, Paul again, we're going to cover the waterfront, certainly earnings growth will be one of the key topics among many, that we'll touch on.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets : September can't get here soon enough, I guess. So I’m looking forward to it. Thank you guys.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thank you. Thanks, Paul.
Stephen P. Smith : Thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you for your question there. Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman from Morningstar. Please proceed.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc.: Good morning.
Robert C. Skaggs: Hi Charles.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc.:  Massachusetts, can you just over what was the key differences in the existing prior program and under the new legislation and I guess the follow-up already would be is $25 million to $50 million that you are showing on, actually what slide 16 of annualized investment, can we anticipate that to go up or would that -- will the new legislation just put that in the upper range?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yeah, let me start with the question about then and now. The Massachusetts regulatory approach was a more traditional regulatory approach. We file periodically rate cases and because of that convention there tended to be a significant lag, much greater than 12 months on CapEx investments. So again a traditional rate case sort of mode that we follow and all the other utilities follow to Massachusetts. What the new legislation would provide for you to file an annual construction plan for your modernization activities. We intend to file that plan by the end of October. The DPU has six months to consider the plan and then you begin rate recovery on investments beginning in the spring of 2015. So the lag is effectively eliminated. You'll be recovering on your investments as you make those investments during the period. So that's how the mechanism will work versus how it worked traditionally. Give or take we’re spinning annually about $40 million in Massachusetts on modernization, ongoing maintenance and the like. Under the new program, again we're developing our plan. We'll file it at the end of October. We anticipate our spending will pick up but we've been spending at a very good clip in Massachusetts up to this point.  By the way I would add that there is a cap in the legislation on how large the programs can be and I’ll have Randy check this, but I believe it's 1.5% of your firm annual revenues, is how the program is capped.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc.: And that program is a traditional type, replacement type program?
Robert C. Skaggs: Correct.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc.: That's it. Thanks Bob.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yeah. You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you for your question now. Our next question comes from the line of [Brian Luski] from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Good morning gentlemen.
Robert C. Skaggs: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: I was just wondering whether or not you’ll have a decision on your MLP at the Analyst Day. Is that your expectation that you would have a decision one way or another there?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well again I'm just going to ask you to bear with me. I'm going to pass on that question and I'll just repeat that the meeting in September 29th is intended to be exhaustive. So we're going to deep dive all of our businesses and all the considerations that we've been working on.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Robert C. Skaggs: All right.
Operator: Thank you for your question. (Operator Instructions). We have no further questions at this time. I would therefore now like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs for closing remarks.
Robert C. Skaggs: All right. Grant, thank you very much and thanks to everyone for participating today and your ongoing interest and support of the company. We look forward to seeing you and speaking with you on September 29th in New York. So thanks and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This now concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Randy G. Hulen - Vice President of Investor Relations Robert C. Skaggs - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Interim Chief Executive Officer for Gas Distribution Segment Stephen P. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Canada John D. Edwards - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2014 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. My name is Ian. I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Randy Hulen, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Randy G. Hulen: Thank you, Ian, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of NiSource, I would like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As you know, the focus of today's call is to review our financial performance for the first quarter of 2014, as well as provide an overall business update. We will then open up the call to your questions. At times during the call, we will refer to the supplemental slides that are available on nisource.com. I would like to remind everyone that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thank you, Randy. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. As we noted in this morning's release, our team delivered another quarter of solid performance. Today, we'll summarize a number of execution highlights and discuss how they position NiSource for continued growth in 2014 and beyond. Then Steve Smith will review our financial results. We'll also provide updates on key initiatives across each of our businesses, and, of course, we'll leave plenty of time for your questions. With that agenda in mind, let's start with some key takeaways from the quarter. You'll see these listed on Slide 3 in the supplemental deck that was posted online this morning. As you saw is in this morning's news release, our NiSource team delivered another strong quarter. Each of our business units steadily advanced our well-established agenda of regulatory and legislative programs, paired with significant infrastructure investments and long-term system enhancements. In particular, at Columbia Pipeline Group, we saw a strong quarter of pipeline and midstream infrastructure project origination and execution. Touching on a few highlights from the quarter. We delivered earnings per share of $0.82 in the first quarter, that's in line with our 2014 guidance of $1.61 to $1.71 per share, non-GAAP. In addition, our 2014 capital program target -- targeted at $2.2 billion remained solidly on track, with our infrastructure investment programs now moving into high gear. On the regulatory front, we placed new rates in effect in Massachusetts, following the decision by the DPU in early March. Our team also filed a new rate case in Pennsylvania as we continued to deliver system modernization investments in the Commonwealth. And as we mentioned in our year-end call, we received FERC approval to begin recovery of our Columbia Gas Transmission modernization investments from 2013. We began recovering on the first $300 million of those investments in February. In parallel, with these foundational regulatory and system modernization programs, we continued to originate new growth in midstream opportunities across our pipeline segment. We've had significant developments on that front, which I'll touch on in a few minutes. With those highlights, let me turn the call over to Steve Smith to take a closer look at our financial results on Page 4 of our supplemental slides.
Stephen P. Smith: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. As Bob mentioned, the NiSource team delivered a strong first quarter. We generated annual non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $258 million or $0.82 per share, which compares to about $215 million or $0.69 per share in 2013. On an operating earnings basis, NiSource was up about $80 million when compared to the same period in 2013. On a GAAP comparison, our income from continuing operations was about $266 million for the first quarter of 2014 versus $216 million in 2013. At the segment level, you will see that each of our 3 core business units delivered solid earnings growth during the first quarter. Columbia Pipeline Group, or CPG, delivered operating earnings of about $159 million compared to about $133 million in 2013. CPG's net revenues, excluding the impact of trackers, were up about $20 million, primarily as a result of growth projects placed in service and increased mineral rights royalty revenue. Earnings for the quarter were also up at NIPSCO's electric operations, where earnings came in at about $74 million, compared with about $65 million for 2013. Net revenues, again, excluding the impact of trackers, were up by $18 million, primarily due to an increase in off-system sales, environmental investment cost recovery and higher industrial margins. And finally, our Gas Distribution business unit delivered about $280 million in operating earnings compared to about $233 million for the prior year. Net revenues, excluding trackers, were up about $54 million, primarily due to regulatory and infrastructure replacement efforts. All in all, another solid quarter. Full details are available on our earnings release posted online this morning. Now, turning to Slide 5, I'd like to quickly touch on our financing and liquidity highlights. As you can see, we retained a strong liquidity position with approximately $1.7 billion of net available liquidity at the end of the first quarter. And as Bob mentioned, I am pleased to reiterate that our capital program for 2014 remains on track at about $2.2 billion. As we've indicated in the past, the majority -- actually 77% of our investments remain focused on track and other revenue-generating opportunities. In addition, we are on track to deliver earnings squarely within our 2014 guidance range of $1.61 to $1.71 per share. Looking ahead, our financial strategy continues to be balanced, straightforward and fully aligned with our robust long-term capital investment outlook, and we remain strongly committed to maintaining our investment-grade credit ratings, as well as sustainable earnings and dividend growth. With that, I'll turn the call back to Bob to cover some of our business unit initiatives and execution highlights.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks, Steve. Before opening the call to your questions, let me quickly hit on some key markers at each of our business units. Let's start with CPG on Slide 6. Our CPG team continues to originate and execute on an expanding mix of projects. That includes new and ongoing customer-driven growth projects, as well as our landmark modernization program. From a system modernization standpoint, as I noted earlier, we began recovering our 2013 investments in February. This year's program also is on track, with about $300 million in investments planned. As you know, our customers have agreed to the initial 5 years of the program, with an opportunity to mutually extend the agreement. Overall, we've identified a total modernization investment opportunity of more than $4 billion. Meanwhile, CPG's midstream team is continuing to capitalize on our strategic position in the Marcellus and Utica regions. Recently, the team announced a new project supported by a binding agreement with Range Resources to build additional gathering pipelines and compression facilities in Washington County, Pennsylvania. That project, an investment of about $120 million, will transport wellhead production to a nearby Columbia Transmission pipeline. NiSource Midstream's natural gas liquids pipeline, currently under construction as part of our Pennant Midstream venture, remains on schedule for completion in the third quarter of this year. The line will ultimately deliver up to 90,000 barrels of liquids per day. Meanwhile, our joint resource development arrangement in the Utica Shale is accelerating. 25 wells are now in various stages of drilling, and another 10 wells are currently in production. We now anticipate that more than 30 wells will be completed this year, with the production dedicated to the Pennant Midstream gathering and processing facilities. In addition to our midstream progress, our CPG team is advancing an array of supply- and market-driven growth projects. In fact, our CPG project, set to begin service this year, will add almost 1 billion cubic feet of capacity to our system. That includes our Warren County, West Side Expansion, Giles County and Line 1570 projects. Our East Side Expansion project remains on schedule for completion in the third quarter of 2015. The first quarter also saw significant progress on several new projects. We're in advanced discussions with customers following the positive open season for our Rayne and Leach XPress projects. Together, these projects will transport about 1.5 billion cubic feet of natural gas per day, providing a major new pathway for connecting shale production with markets on Columbia Transmission and Columbia Gulf Systems and well beyond. In a separate, recently completed open season, we're exploring strong consumer interest around our WB XPress project, which would involve the transportation of more than 1 billion cubic feet of Marcellus Shale production. We'll keep you posted on the progress of each of these XPress projects as customer discussions mature. On these projects, I'd like to add a brief footnote. The Rayne and Leach XPress projects are maturing nicely, and we expect to be able to provide additional details before the end of the third quarter. On the WB XPress project, that, too, is moving along nicely. However, it's a little earlier in the process. It could be closer to the end of the year when we'll have more tangible details to share. As you can see, the CPG team is executing on an impressive array of initiatives and projects. We expect those efforts will result in a capital investment of more than $800 million for CPG this year. Next, let's shift to our Indiana electric business summarized on Slide 7. NIPSCO continues to advance a broad agenda of customer service, reliability and environmental improvements. Following the February approval of NIPSCO's $1.1 billion electric modernization program, NIPSCO began executing on the first year of its investments under the program. The 7-year program provides for the replacement and upgrade of underground circuits, transformers and poles, helping to increase system reliability and deliver economic development benefits to the region. As you know, NIPSCO also filed a complementary 7-year -- $700 million natural gas modernization program. We expect the decision from the IURC as early as this afternoon. Our significant environmental investments also remain on schedule and on budget. The 2 remaining FGD projects at NIPSCO's Schahfer and Michigan City electric generating facilities are slated for completion by year-end 2014 and year-end 2015, respectively. These are part of more than $850 million in environmental investments recently completed and planned at NIPSCO's electric generating facilities. NIPSCO also is on track with 2 major electric transmission projects. Right-of-way acquisition is in progress for the company's new 100-mile, 345-kV line, and stakeholder outreach and route selection are in progress for a new 70-mile, 760-kV line. These projects together constitute an investment of about $500 million for NIPSCO, and are anticipated to be in service by the end of 2018. All told, NIPSCO has an inventory of more than $6 billion in long-term investments that will benefit customers and provide a platform for economic development across Northern Indiana. During 2014, we expect capital investments in NIPSCO's electric business will total about $450 million. Let's turn now to our Gas Distribution Operations discussed on Slide 8. Our Gas Distribution teams continue to steadily execute on their long-term $10 billion plus inventory of infrastructure replacement and enhancement programs. Following our record year of Gas Distribution investments, we're on track to invest approximately $815 million in 2014 on system modernization and capital improvements. And, as you know, we've paired those investments with complementary customer programs and regulatory initiatives. On the regulatory front, Columbia Gas of Massachusetts received approval in March for its base rate case. The company's new rates support infrastructure modernization investments and add about $19 million in annual revenues. Just last week, Columbia Gas of Ohio received approval of another year of the company's infrastructure replacement program rider, adding approximately $25 million annually. New rates go into effect today. And as I noted earlier, Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania also has filed a base rate case with the Pennsylvania Commission. A decision on the $54 million request, which would support continuation of CPA's ongoing infrastructure modernization program, is expected later this year. As you can see, our Gas Distribution companies continued to steadily execute on our well-established agenda of long-term investment and system integrity, reliability and customer programs. To wrap up, we're well within our 2014 non-GAAP guidance of $1.61 to $1.71 per share. I also want to reiterate that our team continues to execute against NiSource's robust infrastructure investment-driven business strategy, and we're doing so while staying true to our well-established core commitments. Those are: maintaining stable investment-grade credit ratings, preserving a strong financial liquidity position, growing the dividend each year by 3% to 5% and delivering earnings growth in the range of 5% to 7% annually. As always, we'll communicate with you about these and all other matters of importance in a transparent and timely manner through our analyst calls and news releases posted on nisource.com. Thank you for participating today, and for your ongoing interest in -- towards NiSource. Ian, let's now open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Speakers, please stand by for your first question, which comes from the line of Charles Fishman at Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Bob, let me first make sure my memory is correct on this. A couple of years ago, you talked about annual EPS growth of 5% to 7%. So that's getting a little dated. Is that still the current guidance you're giving on long-term EPS growth?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, it still is the current guidance. As you know, we've aggressively stepped up our capital program over the past couple of years. And as we grow into that program and as we require financing, we still believe that the 5% to 7% growth rate range is appropriate.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. Well, I guess, my follow-up was if my memory was correct, which it sounds like it is and I realize that's old, I mean, you've had some very good regulatory outcomes. You've stepped up your capital spending as a result of that. When might you look to revisit that as far as maybe bumping the bottom end of that or bumping the whole range up a little?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, as I suggested, we're growing quite rapidly. We need to grow into our programs. We need to grow into capital spend. We need to deal with our financing as we tend to hit a more stable run rate, if you will, then we think it would be appropriate to take another look at the range. In the meantime, we still believe that's the best guidance we can give the market.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. Then if you make a decision, I think you indicated later this year maybe even third quarter you'll make a decision on MLP versus equity for next year. Would that be a trigger point for maybe revisiting the EPS growth rate?
Robert C. Skaggs: Could be. I don't want to suggest that it will be, but certainly it could be. And your recollection on a decision in and around the MLP, that's correct, it would be the third quarter of this year. And I would add that our team is considering an Investor Day in or around that third quarter period. So stay tuned.
Operator: We have another question for you. This one is from Paul Ridzon at KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Rayne, Leach and WB XPress, are these -- these are wholly-owned by Columbia Pipeline Group, is that correct?
Robert C. Skaggs: These are our project pay dates as they say.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry, I missed that.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, these are proposed and supported solely by the Columbia Pipeline Group.
Operator: And we have another question for you, this one is from Carl Kirst at BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Canada: I don't want to put the cart in front of the horse but...
Robert C. Skaggs: You're going to do it anyhow.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Canada: I don't want to do it but that's our job, right? With WB XPress, I mean, it looks like, effectively, we're going to be broadening, if I have my PAPs correctly, Leach as well, sending even more gas west towards the Columbia Gulf. And I guess as I look at Rayne and Leach and one being 1.5 Bcf a day, but the Columbia Gulf portion only being 800 million, and then maybe we have WB a year behind it but sending even more gas towards Columbia Gulf. I guess, what I'm asking is would it be also likely that we see a follow-on Columbia Gulf expansion potentially in the mix as well? And understanding that there are a lot of pipelines out there trying to do the same: ANR, NGPL, et cetera. Just trying to figure out if there's even more sort of baking than what we're seeing?
Robert C. Skaggs: There's a lot there, Carl. Let me just begin with this. If Rayne, Leach XPress came to fruition, if WB XPress came to fruition and, as you recall, we're working on this West Side project as we speak, the entirety of Columbia Gulf would be rendered bidirectional. Now if additional -- there was additional demand, it was economic for us to construct and expand even more going South, something we would certainly consider, right? The line of sight today is West Side, Rayne, Leach XPress and WB, and rendering Columbia Gulf bidirectional. That's line of sight as we sit here today.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Great. So I think -- okay, that's very helpful. So basically, Columbia Gulf could also, in sort of this bidirectional capacity, would also have the ability to take a WB XPress? That wouldn't necessarily be a...?
Robert C. Skaggs: Oh, yes.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay, okay. Maybe just 2 other very, very small ones, if I could. One, I didn't know if it was a material amount, if you could break it out, but it was mentioned as far as what the royalties were for CPG in the first quarter? And then second on the -- basically, the Hilcorp drilling, I guess there was a little bit of -- Ohio came out and this concern over some of the earthquakes and East Ohio drilling, and I did not know if any of that impacted what Hilcorp was doing. It sounds like from the wells, and the number of wells you underscored, that it was not? But I just wanted to make sure I was clear on it.
Stephen P. Smith: Carl, this is Steve. I'll take the first question and I'll let Bob answer the Hilcorp question. The mineral rights royalty revenue for the first quarter was $7 million.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay, excellent.
Robert C. Skaggs: And Carl, with regard to Hilcorp, Ohio regulatory activities in and around fracking, first of all, we believe Ohio's response, stable house [ph] response to concerns was constructive, measured, reasonable. And we don't see it materially impacting Hilcorp's drilling program in Ohio. Having said that, Hilcorp is concentrating most of their activity -- current activity in Pennsylvania.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs: Let me just maybe add a little bit more clarification around WB. Going west, one key point of intersection for the WB expansion is at Broad Run, or what we call Broad Run, and that's an intersection or delivery point into Tennessee. So that's a path that's included within the scope of WB. If we put additional gas to our Leach point, that is the northern end of Columbia Gulf, we would have additional opportunities to send Gulf gas out, additional opportunities to invest. Does that help, Carl?
Operator: We have another question for you. This one is from John Edwards at Crédit Suisse.
John D. Edwards - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So just following on Carl's question and your discussion. I mean, with the possibility of making Columbia bidirectional, I mean, just -- is there any kind of ballpark capital that we could be thinking about in terms of what that might cost?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. I'd ask you to bear with us on both Rayne, Leach XPress and WB XPress on capital, shippers, and the like. I would, though, suggest that if you look at the open seasons on Rayne, Leach XPress', on WB XPress', you'll see significant volumes, significant quantities involved in both projects. You'll also see the advertised rates for those projects. And I think as you look at that information and as you think about modeling, you can develop some scenarios that I think would be reasonable in and around CapEx.
John D. Edwards - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: All right. Fair enough. Okay. And then the earlier question with regard to the earnings growth, have you calculated or maybe you could tell us what you think -- what kind of capital investment you think it takes to edge up that earnings growth, say, another 1%?
Robert C. Skaggs: We really haven't looked at it that way, John. I mean you clearly can do the math on every $100 million of incremental CapEx and put a multiplier on that and impute some growth. But what I would emphasize that this company has grown so quickly and has launched so many initiatives, be it regulatory, legislative, commercial, replacement, whatever. We're still in the mode of digesting and growing into that very aggressive growth rate. And once we reach stability, we're going to be in a much better position to give you a very reliable, take it to the bank, sort of prospective growth rate. So that's the way we think about it, and we do think of it on a long-term basis. In the meantime, we're going to execute against the plan and we're going to deliver the numbers that we say we're going to deliver.
Operator: We have another question for you. This one is from Becca Followill from U.S. Capital Advisors.
Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: My questions have been answered.
Robert C. Skaggs: Becca, kudos on the fond reports that you all published, I think it was yesterday or last week. really well done. Comprehensive, to say the least.
Operator: We have another question for you. This one is from Chris Sighinolfi from Jefferies.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Two quick questions, just cleanup from me. Very strong volumes at NIPSCO on both the industrial and wholesale side this quarter. Much stronger than we've seen in quite some time in a period. Obviously, weather had an impact, but curious if there was anything sort of specific outside of weather that was influencing industrial and wholesale volumes? And if that changed, at all, your outlook for the business for the remainder of the year?
Robert C. Skaggs: I'll answer the last first. It really doesn't change the fundamental outlook of the business, and frankly, it's a little bit of a non-intuitive outcome of weather that drove the numbers. Many of our large industrial customers have self generating capabilities. Because of the severe weather, because of maintenance requirements, because of whatever, they were unable to generate as much power as they typically do. So they fell back. They relied on NIPSCO to supply that power. So that drove a big part of the number. We also had opportunistic opportunities to sell power off-system during the quarter, again, weather-related. So on a run-rate basis, we don't see either one of those as recurring. Episodically, we'll have those opportunities, but hard to see them through the balance of the year.
Christopher P. Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. That's really helpful. And then maybe a question for Steve. On Columbia Pipeline, the asset sale. Noticed you had some last year, I think most of that was tied to sale of the storage base gas. So I'm just curious what the sale was in 1Q? And if you have sort of any degree of expectation for what might be in the hopper for the rest of the year at the Pipeline Group on that front?
Stephen P. Smith: Sure. The $17.5 million is associated with the modernization of leases that were incorporated into the Pennant joint venture. There are about 3,000-or-so leases that were modernized to allow for horizontal drilling today. And once those leases were modernized, we took the income associated with them in the first quarter. If you look out the balance of 2014, there's probably another $3 million or so of that modernized lease revenue that we will be receiving as a result of that activity.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Another question from Carl Kirst at BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Sorry, just a quick follow-up mainly because of the strength of first quarter results, obviously, a big delta year-over-year and understanding we're still very early in the year and so, perhaps, there is some reluctance, for instance, to move up the guidance curve at this point. But simply, with what we've seen in the first quarter, it would almost imply that the expectation for the next 9 months, for instance, is basically just flat with last year. And so I guess my question is, is there any -- is this just sort of out of an abundance of caution earlier in the year? Are there, perhaps, some timing issues that maybe shifted some earnings into the first quarter? That this is more sort of a timing or shape of the quarter curve, if you will, for the full year? I just want to make sure we've got the right read of it.
Robert C. Skaggs: To your point, a very strong quarter positions us well for the year, but as you also observed, there's 9 months to go and a lot of blocking and tackling left. So at this point, we want to take it one quarter by one quarter, and if we feel like there's a reason to move it up, we will do so. But right now, we're still within the range.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Understood. Just wanted to touch base.
Robert C. Skaggs: Carl, while I have you, one other thing I'd add about WB, and I know there's a lot of interest about both of the XPress' project. Just to be clear on the WB XPress project, while I suggested it takes gas west, which it does, it also is designed to take gas east. So just wanted to make sure you're aware of that.
Operator: Thank you very much. There's no further questions. So I'd now like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs for closing remarks.
Robert C. Skaggs: Ian, thanks so much. And to everyone that has participated, we appreciate your interest, your support, and we will remain in touch. Thank you. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes your conference. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining us.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Kettering - Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs Bob Skaggs - President and CEO Steve Smith - Executive Vice President and CFO Randy Hulen - Managing Director, Investor Relations
Analysts: Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley Faisel Khan - Citigroup Charles Fishman - Morningstar Carl Kirst - BMO Capital John Edwards - Crédit Suisse
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Quarter Four 2013 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. My name is Patrick, and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will facilitate a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs. Please proceed, sir.
Glen Kettering: Thank you, Patrick, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of NiSource, we’d like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Smith -- Randy Hulen, Managing Director of Investor Relations. As you know, the focus of today's call is to review our financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year of 2013 and to provide a business update as we enter 2014. We'll then open the call to your questions. At times during the call, we'll refer to the supplemental slides available on nisource.com. I'd like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Bob Skaggs: Thanks, Glen. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. As we noted in this morning’s release for NiSource, 2013 was another year of solid execution, notable achievement and industry leading growth in shareholder value. On our call today we’ll highlight a number of these achievements and discuss how they position NiSource for continued growth in 2014 and beyond. Then Steve Smith will review our financial highlights. We will also provide updates on key initiatives, outline our 2014 earnings and capital investment guidance, and then of course, we will have plenty of time for your questions. With that agenda in mind, let’s get started with some key 2013 takeaways. These are listed on slide three in the supplemental deck that was posted online this morning. As you can see our team continued to execute on NiSource’s well-established strategy, generating long-term growth through disciplined infrastructure investments supported by complementary commercial and regulatory initiatives. Notably, our team delivered earnings in line with our guidance for the seventh consecutive year and we produced total shareholder return of 36%, which outperformed the broader utility indices by a wide margin for the fifth consecutive year. The foundation of this progress continues to be our deep inventory of long-term accretive modernization and growth investments that investment inventory exceeds $30 billion and continues to grow. During 2013, our teams delivered against this inventory by executing on a record $2 billion capital program that includes key system modernization, growth in environmental investments. We saw clear evidence of the value of these investments during this winter's extreme cold weather. Our service territory has been particularly hard hit and our systems have been tested at historical levels. I'm pleased to report that the system and our teams have performed extraordinarily well. The key factor in that success was our ongoing commitment to fundamentally strengthen and modernize our core infrastructure. Unfortunately, despite this strong performance, we had an incident on the Columbia Gulf system in Adair County, Kentucky last week, while we are able to meet our commercial commitments, we are disappointed the incident occurred. We've been working closely with them to determine the cause. In parallel with that review our immediate priority is to address the needs of those affected in the surrounding community. With that, let's turn back to the key takeaways, one of the core pillars of our growth strategy is NiSource’s thoughtful and disciplined financial approach. During 2013, we further strengthen NiSource’s financial foundation and maintained our strong liquidity position, and I am pleased to note that we did so while also providing about a 4% increase our dividend. In addition, just a few weeks ago Moody’s upgraded NiSource’s investment-grade credit rating to Baa2 from Baa3 noting the significant regulatory advancements across our company. We’ll touch on our financing strategies and core commitments again a bit later but suffices to say we are well-positioned to continue delivering strong performance and steady growth in 2014 and beyond. With those highlights, I will now turn the call over to Steve Smith to take a look at our financial results on page four of the supplemental slides.
Steve Smith: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. As Bob mentioned, by any measure the NiSource team delivered strong results in 2013. We generated annual non-GAAP net operating earnings of about $494 million or $1.58 per share. That was at the upper end of our guidance range, compares with earnings of about $426 million or $1.46 per share in 2012. On an operating basis, NiSource was up about $77 million when compared to 2012. On a GAAP comparison our income from continuing operations was about $491 million for 2013 versus about $409 million in 2012. At the segment level, you will see that each of our three core business units delivered solid earnings growth. Columbia Pipeline Group or CPG delivered operating earnings of about $441 million, compared to about $398 million in 2012. CPG’s net revenues excluding the impact of trackers, we’re up about $59 million, primarily as a result of 2012 impacts from our system modernization customer settlement. We also saw increased revenues from new growth projects and higher royalties from mineral rights. Earnings were also up for NIPSCO’s electric operations where earnings came in about $265 million, compared with about $238 million for 2012. Net revenues, again excluding the impact of trackers were up by about $38 million, primarily due to an increase in environmental investment cost recovery and higher industrial and commercial margins. And finally, our gas distribution business delivered about $449 million in operating earnings, compared to about $438 million for the prior year. Net revenues, again excluding trackers were up about $77 million, primarily due to regulatory and service programs related to our infrastructure placement efforts. All in all, another solid quarter in year, with full details available in our earning release posted online this morning. Turning to slide five, I’d like to quickly touch on our financing and liquidity highlights. As Bob noted, our liquidity position remained strong at approximately $1.6 billion as of the end of the fourth quarter. We took several steps to strengthen NiSource’s financial foundation during 2013. This included issuing $1.25 billion of 30-year debt at attractive rates and our team also increased the size of revolving credit facility by $500 million to $2 billion and extended its terms until September of 2018. Overall, we ended 2013 with the debt to capitalization of 60%. As Bob mentioned, another significant milestone, Moody’s recently upgraded our credit rating to Baa2 from Baa3. In December, Fitch rating affirmed our credit rating of BBB minus and we anticipate hearing from Standard & Poor in the next few weeks. Looking ahead, our financial strategy continues to be strong, sustainable and fully-aligned with a robust long-term capital investment outlook. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Bob to cover our business unit initiatives and our 2014 guidance.
Bob Skaggs: Thanks, Steve. Before opening the call to questions, we will quickly hit on some key marker across each of our business units. Let’s start with the CPG highlights on slide six. Our CPG team continues to deliver on all fronts, from modernization to midstream to regulated pipeline growth projects. From a modernization standpoint, I’m pleased to note that we received FERC approval in late January for recovery of CPG’s first year of modernization investments. That -- that included more than 30 projects representing a total investment of about $300 million. We started recovery on those investments on February 1st. Meanwhile, our CPG team is fully engaged in this year's modernization program which includes another $300 million in investment. As you know, our customers have agreed to the initial five years of the program with an opportunity to mutually extend that agreement. Overall we indemnify the total modernization opportunity of more than $4 billion. In the late breaking news category, I'm pleased to announce that CPG has entered into binding precedent agreements for a major new project, the Cameron Access Project. In addition, the upgrades on the existing Columbia Gulf System in Southern Louisiana, this project involves construction of the new pipeline connecting the gulf system with the planned Cameron LNG Terminal in Southern Louisiana, which received Department of Energy Export approval just last week. This is a $300 million plus investment for CPG that will connect numerous shale basins to the LNG export facility. The Cameron Access will have an initial capacity about 800,000 dekatherms per day. It is expected to be in service by the end of 2017. Meanwhile CPG’s midstream team is continuing to capitalize on our strategic position in the Marcellus and Utica regions. In December, we began operating Hickory Bend gathering and processing facility in Eastern Ohio. You may recall that project will provide about 600 million cubic feet per day of new gathering capacity and about 200 million cubic feet per day of processing capacity in that region. Our team also is moving forward with other related facilities in the Hickory Bend area, including a separate natural gas liquids pipeline that connects to the Hickory Bend plan to the UEO Kensington facility in Columbiana County, Ohio. Starting in the third quarter this year, the line will ultimately deliver up to 90,000 barrels of liquids per day. As a reminder, these projects are part of our joint venture with Hilcorp Energy. Speaking of Hilcorp, our joint resource development arrangement in the Utica is moving forward consistent with our plans. 20 wells are now in various stages of drilling and another 10 wells are currently in production. We remain encouraged that the initial production flows are consistent with some of the better flows reported in the area. Drilling activity will continue to accelerate in 2014. We anticipate that beginning this year we will be completing 25 to 30 wells annually. All in all, it's very much in line with our expectations and strongly supportive of our complementary infrastructure investments. As a reminder, the production is dedicated to the Pennant Midstream gathering and processing facilities. Shifting to the Marcellus region, NiSource Midstream recently entered into an agreement with Range Resources to provide firm transportation services on the Big Pine gathering system, which was placed in service in April 2013. The agreement provides for transportation of up to 100 million cubic feet per day. As a reminder, the project was anchored with long-term gathering contracts with XTO Energy and Penn Energy. Big Pine is capable of transporting up to 425 million cubic foot per day of Marcellus production. Finally, a quick touch on several key supply and market-driven growth projects being advanced by CPG. In total, our team is executing on more than $0.5 billion worth of projects that will add about 1 billion cubic feet of capacity to our system over the next two years. Looking a little further out, this number doubles in investment and doubles in capacity. Most recently, the team received FERC approval on its Line 1570, Giles County projects that we previously discussed. We also recently completed a key portion of the West Side Expansion project when we reversed the flow on a portion of the Columbia Gulf System. That enables our 500 million cubic feet per day of shale gas to flow south from our Leach, Kentucky interconnect toward Rayne, Louisiana. CPG also successfully completed non-binding open seasons for two companion projects, the Leach XPress and the Rayne Xpress. Those projects would further connect shale production with markets on Columbia Transmission and Columbia Gulf. We’re currently in active discussions with potential anchor shippers and will keep you posted as these exciting projects move forward. As you can see, CPG team is executing on an impressive array of initiatives. Those efforts will result in a disciplined capital investment of about $800 million at CPG this year. Now let's shift to our Indiana electric business summarized on Slide 7. NIPSCO continues to advance the broad agenda of customer service, reliability and environmental improvements, just yesterday another vitally significant milestone for us, the IURC approved NIPSCO seven-year electric modernization plan, which encompasses approximately $1.1 billion of investments to modernize the electric infrastructure in Northern Indiana. Initial investments under this program will begin by mid-2014. NIPSCO’s $700 million gas modernization filing remains on schedule with the IURC, with the decision expected by midyear. Both the electric and gas plans are closely aligned with Indiana legislation, providing for timely recovery of qualifying modernization investments. Another significant milestone is the installation of the two new scrubber units at our Schahfer generating station. The first FGD was completed on budget and ahead of schedule late last year, and the second unit is on track for completion by the end of this year. Work has also started on third FGD project at our Michigan City station, that project is slated to be complete by the end of 2015. In total, more than $850 million in environmental investments are moving forward at NIPSCO. NIPSCO also is on track with two major electric transmission projects, a 100 mile, 345-kV line and 66 mile, 765-kV line. These projects together constitute an investment of approximately $0.5 billion for NIPSCO, and are anticipated to be in service by the end of 2018. All total, NIPSCO has an inventory of more than $6 billion in long-term investments that will benefit customers and provide a platform for economic development across Northern Indiana. During 2014, the capital investments in NIPSCO’s electric business will total about $450 million. Let's turn now to our Gas Distribution Operations discussed on Slide 8. Our Gas Distribution teams continued to steadily execute on their long-term $10 billion plus inventory of infrastructure programs. In fact during 2013, our Gas Distribution capital investments reached a record level at $790 million with the largest portion of that investment committed to modernization programs. Under those programs, our Gas Distribution teams replaced more than 360 miles of aging pipelines last year and as always, we paired those investments with complementary customer programs and regulatory initiatives. On the regulatory front, Columbia Gas Kentucky received approval in December for its rate case settlement. The company's new rates, which took effect December 29th, provide for an increased fixed customer charge and about $8 million in additional annual revenues. The rates support the company's ongoing modernization investments. The Columbia Gas Massachusetts rate proceeding also remains on track with the decision expected in new rates in effect by March 1st. You recall that CMA is seeking increase revenues of about $30 million to support the company's expanded modernization plans. Our distribution team also continues to execute on organic and market-driven growth opportunities. This includes development of a $15 million project that will serve a major Columbia Gas of Virginia industrial customer starting in late 2014. As part of the same project, Columbia Gas Transmission will separately invest about $25 million to extend its system to interconnect with Columbia Gas of Virginia. As we roll into 2014, we are confident our Gas Distribution team’s well-established approach for creating shared value for customers and key stakeholders will continue to deliver solid results. We target about $815 million of Gas Distribution capital spending for 2014, again, focused primarily on modernization and growth initiatives. Before turning to your questions, let's quickly touch on our guidance for 2014 and a couple of key takeaways. With over $2 billion in capital investments underway for 2014, we fully expect to deliver on our core commitments including consistently generating earnings growth in the 5% to 7% range over the long-term. For 2014, we expect to deliver net operating earnings within a range of $1.61 to a $1.71 per share non-GAAP. I’d also reiterate that we’ll execute on this proven strategy, while staying true to our well-established core commitments. We will maintain stable investment-grade credit ratings, strong financial liquidity and dividend growth in the range of 3% to 5% annually. As always, we'll communicate on all matters with importance in a transparent and timely manner through our analyst calls and news releases posted on nisource.com. Thank you for participating today and for your ongoing interest and in support of NiSource. Patrick, we can now open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And gentlemen, our first question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Good morning.
Bob Skaggs: Hey, Paul, how are you?
Steve Smith: Good morning, Paul
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Hi, thank you. Leaching rain, how big a capital opportunity is there?
Bob Skaggs: Assuming we can drive this home, it’s going to be a major, major investment. You can see that we have work on Columbia Gas Transmission that typically requires a relatively large investment. We’ll also be investing on Columbia Gulf and big scheme of things, that’s relatively small, expect the spends to be unfolding in ’16 and ’17, again assuming we can close these deals.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: And then, just on the modernization besides your settlement, have you started talking about an extension of that and what’s the outlook to may be go above 300 when you do extend it, if you extend it?
Bob Skaggs: Well, like when we extend it. Paul, a little bit too early to get into those sorts of discussions with our customers and other stakeholders. Clearly we’ve only been at this year. We have been very pleased with the performance of the Columbia Gas Transmission system. We think the investments have shown their value to the customers. So we felt like we need to get one year of construction, hard winter under our belts, and another construction season in the ground. And then, it will be appropriate to begin discussions with the stakeholders. So stay tuned.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: And lastly, just latest thoughts on some of the hurdles around forming alternative structure in MLP?
Bob Skaggs: Oh, the MLP? Yeah, this discussion will be consistent with our prior discussions. We still consider the MLP vehicle to be very viable for NiSource, it’s a viable approach, a viable option. We can’t continue to closely study it, closely work the consideration among the management team but also the board. Paul, I would add true to our form, it’s going to be a thoughtful, thorough sort of discipline consideration. We continue to indicate to you and others to expect the decision circa third quarter of 2014. And I would just make the observation, not coincidently, that’s about nine to 12 months in advance when we believe we will need equity or an equity alternative in 2015. So in the mean time, as you can tell the team is focused on projects development and our initiatives. So just stay tuned.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Maresca with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed your line is open.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Bob Skaggs: Hey, Steve
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: I had two questions on the quarter and one on growth. Can’t be apply the small drop in earnings and about $8 million in the quarter and you talked about really shorter-term -- decreases in shorter-term transportation services. How much impact was that in the quarter? And then an increase in other revenues in that segment, is that from midstream?
Steve Smith: Yeah, I would say -- this is Steve, I would say the decrease in revenues for -- net revenues for CPG was around the $5 million for the quarter. And midstream did drive some benefits to us, but again it was in the couple of million dollar range, nothing too significant.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then looking in terms of throughput on Columbia Gulf, just want to understand you saw like a book to bill of 30% year-on-year decline in the numbers 4Q over 4Q. Can you just give us some more color there and what’s the outlook, is it somehow related to part of the West side expansion, reversing flow or what are we looking at with those numbers there?
Steve Smith: Yeah, Steve, I think in the macro sense, you are seeing what the entire industry is seeing with Marcellus and Utica that customers are relying less on Gulf region gas and they are relying on gas that’s in “The Northeast” and that’s what you are seeing and you are seeing Marcellus and others look at ways to repurpose, turnaround, go by directional on these long line pipes from the Gulf region to the market region. So we believe our efforts and example would be the West side which renders one of our line bidirectional. It’s a great example of what we are attempting to do to move gas north to south fully utilized Columbia Gulf. What Paul also mentioned the express is open season is really a variant on that as well, moving gas out of the Marcellus, Utica region to liquid points of interaction, west on the Columbia Gas Transmission and then all the way down the Gulf system. So it’s just a reflection of what’s going on in the market.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Appreciate that. And then final for me on Pennant Midstream, just the thoughts on the 600 million cubic feet a day of gathering, 200 of processing, in terms of how we should think about the volume ramp? And then sort of the reminder, are those capacities spoken for or are we expecting a volume ramp to get to those numbers over ’14 and into ’15 and does the same hold true for that NGL line?
Bob Skaggs: Hilcorp would be the primary driver of the initial phases of volume ramp. So they are really driving the project. Now are we looking at opportunities to bring additional volumes onto the Hilcorp or onto the Pennant System? That would be yes. But again I repeat Hilcorp is really the key driver in gathering volumes and the processing volumes. And Hilcorp’s intent, you see reflected in their drilling program. First things first, they want to fill up the 200 million a day processing facility. So that's what they're attempting to do first and foremost and as quickly as they can. And then phases two and three would be additional processing facilities of the Hickory Bend site. So that’s the game plan. And again if we’re successful in bringing additional volumes in our activity to Pennant, then you might see that schedule accelerated.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: Okay. I appreciate it guys. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Good morning guys.
Bob Skaggs: Hey Faisel.
Steve Smith: Good morning Faisel.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Good morning. So wondered if you guys could discuss some of the taking place in the market over the last couple of months. I guess, there was a trade publication article talked about how Dominion was looking for a Midwest utility when it was raising capital to possibly buyout utility in Midwest. And at the same time, I guess, around the same time, I’m not sure if this is related or not. You guys change your change in control in termination agreements. So can you again discuss how you and the board are thinking about M&A. And if any of the stuff is related to sort of what’s out there in the market?
Bob Skaggs: Yeah, let me talk about the change control agreements. Every year as we expect the boards looking to change control agreements and what we did with those was simply to remove the gross up provision in those change of control agreements to make them contemporary or leading edge with good corporate governance. That was absolutely all that was involved in that. Again it’s an annual process that we do with the board or comp committee. Now rumors, as you would expect, we don't comment on rumors but maybe I can make couple of observations. Number one, we’re an $11 billion equity value company with I think extraordinarily strong standalone plan. So everything we do is kind of measured against what I think is a really, really strong, strong plan that we know we can execute on. And then the second observation is we’re always going to do the right thing for the shareholder. So that’s really all we can say about rumors and speculation and things of that nature.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. That’s fair, I appreciate that. And then just going back to some of the comments around the Xpress projects, what’s the aggregate amount of capacity that’s contemplated on those? And would all that capacity be eligible to be reversed essentially out of the Marcellus, Utica down to the Gulf Coast markets.
Bob Skaggs: Well, again these are two companion open seasons activity on Columbia Gas Transmission. So in the market, in the Marcellus and Utica region and Columbia Gulf, our total capacities would be north of a Bcf a day.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay.
Bob Skaggs: As I kind of alluded to Paul, major projects assuming to goes forward, major projects assuming to goes forward.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: The entire 1 Bcf a day would be able to make it to the Gulf Coast markets.
Bob Skaggs: A little south of that, all the way down to the Gulf, but again we’re looking at expansion opportunities on Columbia Gas Transmission, increase deliveries into Gulf. But then what ultimately moves south on Gulf would be more like $800 million to $900 million a day.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Got it.
Bob Skaggs: Just again, to give you the parameters and just to underscore, we are in discussions, situation is fluid, a lot of wood to chop to get from here to there what you guys sense that it's bigger than the bread box.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Last question, on your overall storage capacity in the Mid-Atlantic I guess and Midwest market. Are you seeing any sort of change in the demand for storage capacity in your area given all the production growth taking place?
Bob Skaggs: Well, our storage is fully contracted on long-term agreements, so we are absolutely sold out. And I think one thing that's constructive about this winter is how gosh darn valuables storage is of regardless what's going in the Utica and Marcellus and how valuable firm transport capacity is in this region. So, I think that it just underscores we think the value of the Columbia Gas Transmission system.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Great. Thanks Bob. Appreciate the time.
Bob Skaggs: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: Thank you. If I could circle back at the MLP question again, I just want to make sure I understand that. The two hurdles you had discussed in the past were tax leakage and the lack of flexibility on the backside which we are waiting obviously we get some help from Moody’s. Is tax leakage still a concern that you are going to have to progress before that happens?
Bob Skaggs: Hey, just for clarity for everybody that’s listening, in the past, we’ve talked about investment grade credit, how sacrosanct that is and so we’ve been very mindful of credit considerations and anything that might be a negative on our credit. We have also talked about tax leakage because our assets are low basis assets. We have also tried to consistently indicate that we are working, studying, engineering on both fronts and that we have gotten more comfortable with credit considerations in general and we have also been more comfortable in ways to manage structure in and around tax leakage. But that’s as far as we have gone. Again I eluded in my comments to, Paul, we continue to closely study, we continue to closely work and we’ll be thorough in discipline as we work through those issues.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: So, let’s say you have been trying to make a decision on this by later this year, third quarter, I believe you said, that would impact the amount of equity in ’15, if that were to occur?
Bob Skaggs: Well, speaking hypothetically, if we pursued an MLP that would be in-lieu of common equity.
Steve Smith: Right.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: Well, okay.
Steve Smith: We’ll do one or the other?
Bob Skaggs: Yeah. Now size…
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: Okay.
Bob Skaggs: … as you would have to get there and make those determinations. But again hypothetically it would replace the need for common equity.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: Just, Bob, I know, just in general, you have this new line going to an invest your customer in Virginia, is there other utilities talk about the impact of industrial growth, impact because of investors fair view of natural gas prices in the U.S. for an extended period of time, do you think I (inaudible) customer?
Bob Skaggs: These were -- I don’t want to speak directly, but we have seen environmental considerations drive certain projects of this nature. Now, obviously, they have a strong business but there are environmental considerations at play.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: Okay. Thank you.
Bob Skaggs: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital. Please proceed.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Bob Skaggs: Hey Carl.
Steve Smith: Hi.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Hey. Just a couple of cleanup questions I have got, one going back to the Leach brand XPress and I guess maybe, can you queue up how you see the milestones going, you mentioned Bob, maybe spending in 2016, 2017, so I would think that would mean, if this project were to move forward for filing by the end of this year? And is this a project that FDU come out of the non-binding you would take sort of first [two precedent] agreements or would you go into -- directly into a binding open season and what might you think the timing of that might be?
Bob Skaggs: All right. You have got a lot of stuff going on that front. Wow! Hey. Let me just put it this way. We are still in active discussions. And so the scenarios around a binding open season, goings with the binding agreements, just premature at this point. We are speaking with the folks, potential anchor shippers. We think those discussions are going forward on an expedited basis but it’s still too early to say what the next steps are. I do think an FERC filing, I think you suggested mid-year, I don’t see that being feasible at all. But I do see possibilities that this could move on an expedited basis.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Great. I appreciate the color. The second question, was just -- could you and I apologize if you had this in your opening commentary as I was taking notes down, but could you refresh my memory what the milestones are for the NIPSCO gas modernization as far as when we would expect to see a decision from the IURC?
Bob Skaggs: We believe we will see a decision on an outcome midyear of this year. Just a point of reference, we’re holding or the IURC is holding a hearing on the gas filing today as we speak in Indianapolis. Now, I would also make the observation that with yesterday’s order on the electric T disc, we certainly have gotten some instructions, some clarity, some insight, and hopefully that’s going to be helpful as we process the gas case.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Excellent. Thanks so much.
Bob Skaggs: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Edwards with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
John Edwards - Crédit Suisse: Good morning, everybody. Just a sort of follow-up on the MLP question. It sounds like you are getting more comfortable with the possibility of the MLP option maybe and I don’t know if you had a comment on this at this point, but is there anything at this point that you think would prevent you from pursuing the MLP option?
Bob Skaggs: I think we just need to complete the process, working closely with the board and with the team and we need to work through the process.
John Edwards - Crédit Suisse: Okay. All right, great. That’s all I have. Thank you.
Bob Skaggs: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We have a follow-up question from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: Thank you. Just a quick follow-up. Last time, on the last call, you talked about the fact that with SB560 because it’s a new law in Indiana, there was a high probability that there would be some litigation, is that (inaudible) approval and order you’ve got yesterday reduce that or do you think that’s still the case?
Bob Skaggs: The decision yesterday was the product litigation. The case went through the hearing process, the briefing process, all phases of litigation, and so what the commission did was they acted on a complete record on the program and made the decision.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: Okay. So there is very low probability or no probability of any continuing litigation on that?
Bob Skaggs: Well, parties would have the right to appeal and that sort of thing. We feel good about the order, we feel good the way the process unfolded, so we are bullish that we will be executing against the program beginning midyear.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: Okay, fantastic. Thank you.
Bob Skaggs: Yes. Thanks.
Operator: Being that there are no remaining questions in queue, I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Bob Skaggs for closing remarks.
Bob Skaggs: Patrick, thanks so much and thanks to everyone for your participation today, your ongoing support of NiSource. And as we mentioned, we will communicate clearly and frequently. So thank you very much. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen L. Kettering - Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs Robert C. Skaggs - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Interim Chief Executive Officer for Gas Distribution Segment Stephen P. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2013 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. My name is Parita, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed, sir.
Glen L. Kettering: Thank you, Parita, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of NiSource, I'd like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. With us this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hulen, Managing Director of Investor Relations. As you know, the focus of today's call is to review our financial performance for the third quarter of 2013 and to provide a business update. We'll then open the call to your questions. At times during the call, we'll refer to the supplemental slides available on www.nisource.com. I'd like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this call will be forward looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning those risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. And now, I'll turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks, Glen. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, we'll be sharing highlights from another quarter of solid execution and continued strong performance by the NiSource team. As usual, our agenda will be crisp. First, I'll touch on several execution highlights and key takeaways from the third quarter. Next, Steve will provide an overview of our financial results. And finally, we'll update you on upcoming key markers and ongoing initiatives. That should leave plenty of time for your questions. With that agenda in mind, let's get started with key takeaways from the third quarter. You'll see these listed on Slide 3 in the supplemental deck that was posted online this morning. First and foremost, as you saw in our earnings release, NiSource's infrastructure-focused business strategy continues to deliver solid financial results. Our third quarter performance was squarely in line with our expectations and consistent with our 2013 earnings guidance range of $1.50 to $1.60 per share non-GAAP. As you know, the engine driving our performance is capital investment, specifically earnings-accretive investments and infrastructure growth and long-term modernization programs. In that regard, I'm pleased to note that we're fully on track to deliver on NiSource's enhanced $2 billion capital investment program for 2013. As I've noted previously, about 75% of that program is earmarked for earnings-accretive growth and revenue-generating investments. Underpinning our infrastructure investment strategy is NiSource's deep and growing inventory of quality infrastructure investment opportunities. During the third quarter, our team continued to enhance and execute against that investment inventory. For example, our Indiana gas and electric utility, NIPSCO, filed a 7-year, $700 million plan to modernize and expand its core natural gas system. This follows on the heels of NIPSCO's $1 billion electric modernization plan. As you may recall, these plans synch with recently enacted Indiana legislation that encourages energy infrastructure investment. The gas plan will replace aging infrastructure and extend service to rural areas among other items. We anticipate commission action and initiation of those investments in mid-2014. NIPSCO also successfully extended its 2010 gas rate settlement through 2020. This is a great win-win settlement that will continue to deliver benefits for all our major stakeholders. Meanwhile, our team at the Columbia Pipeline Group or CPG is on track with the first year of our landmark pipeline system modernization program. We're on pace to make our first tracker filing with the FERC by the end of the year. Our 2013 investments will total about $300 million, with recoveries slated to start February 2014. Our CPG team also continued to execute against our midstream strategy with the announcement of a new $60 million natural gas liquids pipeline project that will support the new Hickory Bend processing facility. The NGL line is targeted to be in service in the third quarter 2014 and will have a transport capacity up to approximately 90,000 barrels of natural gas liquids a day. And last but certainly not least, our gas distribution teams continue to execute on a broad array of infrastructure replacement and enhancement programs while advancing the complementary agenda of customer and regulatory initiatives. In fact, our NGD teams are on track to complete a record $765 million capital investment program this year. Meanwhile, our team is successfully managing several key regulatory proceedings closely linked to our infrastructure investments, including ongoing cases in Kentucky and Massachusetts. So to recap, it's another solid quarter of execution against NiSource's well-established business plan. The team's performance is squarely in line with our outlook for 2013 and consistent with our commitment to build shareholder value through long-term sustainable earnings and dividend growth. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve Smith to take a closer look at our third quarter financial results referenced on Page 4 of our supplemental slides. Steve?
Stephen P. Smith: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. As Bob mentioned, our team again delivered a very strong quarter. NiSource delivered net operating earnings non-GAAP of about $57 million or $0.18 per share during the third quarter. That compares with about $12 million or $0.04 per share for the same period last year. Our operating earnings for the quarter came in at about $184 million. As we noted on our last call, our results for 2013 reflect our $340 million forward sale equity issuance completed on September 10, 2012, which added approximately 24 million common shares to the balance sheet. On a GAAP basis, our income from continuing operations for the quarter was about $50 million or $0.16 per share compared to about $17 million or $0.05 per share in the third quarter of last year. Schedules 1 and 2 to our earnings release show the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciling items. Turning to our business units. Columbia Pipeline Group or CPG delivered operating earnings of about $99 million in the third quarter compared to about $39 million for the prior year. Net revenues at CPG, excluding trackers, were up about $68 million for the quarter primarily due to the Columbia Transmission modernization settlement charge in the third quarter of 2012. CPG remains on track to deliver earnings in line with our plan for the year. NIPSCO Electric delivered operating earnings of about $91 million for the quarter compared to $78 million in 2012. Net revenues, excluding trackers, were up about $12 million for the quarter due primarily to increased recovery of environmental investments and higher industrial and commercial margins. And NiSource Gas Distribution reported operating earnings -- an operating earnings loss of about $0.5 million for the quarter compared to operating earnings of $9.7 million in 2012. Net revenues, again excluding trackers, were up about $12 million for the quarter due primarily to our regulatory progress and infrastructure investments. Operating expenses were up due primarily to higher environmental costs, increased outside services and administrative costs and higher depreciation from increased capital spend. Like our other business units, NGD remains on track to deliver earnings for the year in line with our expectations. As Bob noted, we're pleased to report that we're squarely on track to deliver earnings well within our guidance range for the year, which we are reaffirming at $1.50 to $1.60 per share, again, non-GAAP. Turning to Slide 5, let's quickly touch on our financing and liquidity highlights. I'm pleased to report that our liquidity position remains strong at approximately $1.4 billion as of the end of the third quarter. This is supported by a number of recent developments, including the 30-year issuance of $500 million in debt earlier this month. We also increased our revolving credit facility by $500 million to $2 billion and extended the facility through September 2018. As of September 30, our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 59.7%. Before turning the call back to Bob, I would like to take the opportunity to reiterate NiSource's core financial commitments, which are: maintaining our stable investment grade credit ratings; growing earnings by 5% to 7% annually; growing the dividend by 3% to 5% annually; and maintaining a strong liquidity position, all while supporting a robust investment program. And as Bob mentioned earlier, our team's continued strong focus on execution keeps us squarely on track to deliver on these core commitments. With that, I'll turn the call back to Bob.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Steve, thank you. Before opening the call to questions, let me quickly hit on some key markers and ongoing initiatives across each of our business units. Let's start with CPG highlights on Slide 6. Our CPG team continues to deliver on all fronts, from modernization to midstream to regulated pipeline growth projects. At the forefront, Columbia Gas Transmission is making solid progress on its long-term system modernization program. As I mentioned earlier, we're on track to file our first modernization tracker filing by year end. That filing will include qualifying investments of about $300 million with recoveries slated to start in February 2014. On the midstream front, in addition to the new NGL pipeline project I mentioned, work also is progressing well on the Hickory Bend processing facility and gathering pipeline in the heart of the Utica Shale. In fact, just earlier this week, we hosted a dedication ceremony at the processing facility, which was attended by Hilcorp CEO, Jeff Hildebrand, many stakeholders within the local community and Governor John Kasich of Ohio. The first phase of the project will provide 200 million cubic feet per day of processing and 600 million cubic feet per day of gathering starting by the end of this year. As we noted last quarter, one lateral on the Hickory Bend system, called the Carbon Limestone lateral, is already transporting Hilcorp's early Utica production. From a production standpoint, our resource development arrangement with Hilcorp is moving forward consistent with our plans. The development of the acreage continues, and 10 wells are now in various stages of drilling. Another 8 wells are currently in production. We remain encouraged as the initial production flows are consistent with some of the better results reported in the area. Drilling activity will continue to accelerate, and we anticipate that by 2014, we'll be completing 25 to 30 wells per year, all in all, very much in line with our expectations. Our CPG commercial team also is moving ahead with an inventory of growth projects of more than $0.5 billion in total investments and more than 1 billion cubic feet per day of added capacity. That inventory includes the significant East and West Side Expansion projects as well as various others outlined in the appendix of our supplemental slides. And finally, our Millennium Pipeline partnership is moving forward on the new Hancock Compressor station, a $45 million project that will increase delivery capacity to 850,000 dekatherms per day. That project is set for completion by April 1, 2014. As you can see, our CPG agenda is rich with activity designed to strengthen customer service, share the continued reliability of our system and support the development of the burgeoning shale supplies, great work by the entire team. Let's now shift to Indiana and our Electric business as summarized on Slide 7. NIPSCO continues to advance its agenda of customer service, reliability and long-term growth and modernization. As I mentioned, we followed infrastructure modernization programs for both NIPSCO Gas and Electric assets, plans totaling more than $1.7 billion investment over the next 7 years. In addition, NIPSCO remains on track with the $500 million plus scrubber project at our Schahfer Generating Station. The first for the Schahfer FGD units will be online before the end of this year. Thanks to the team, we're on schedule if not a bit ahead of schedule and on budget. The second unit is scheduled for completion in late 2014. Construction and engineering also is moving ahead at our Michigan City Generating Station, where NIPSCO is installing a $250 million FGD unit. Significant construction will begin in 2014 with an in-service date targeted for year end 2015. Also on the environmental front, in early October, the IURC approved NIPSCO's capital projects and associated cost recovery for investments related to the EPA's Mercury and Air Toxics Standards, so called MATS rule. The MATS investments are expected to reach approximately $60 million over the next 3 years. NIPSCO also is moving forward with an overall investment of up to $0.5 billion for 2 electric transmission projects in northern Indiana. These projects will strengthen the midwest electrical infrastructure while supporting economic development and providing new jobs. The final round has been selected for the first project, the Reynolds to Topeka line, and outreach to land owners and communities along the path are well underway. The second project will kick off with a series of community open houses in early 2014. All in all, NIPSCO is positioned to provide sustainable value for its customers, the economy, and communities in Northern Indiana for many, many years to come. Let's turn now to NGD discussed on Slide 8. Our NGD team continues to deliver strong results by aligning its long-term $10 billion infrastructure replacement and enhancement program with a variety of complementary customer and regulatory initiatives. On the regulatory front, I've already noted the NIPSCO gas rate settlement extension and the infrastructure filing, and new rates went into effect at Columbia Gas at Maryland following approval of a $3.6 million annual revenue increase granted by the Maryland Commission. Also, as a reminder from our last call, new forward-looking rates went into effect on July 1 at Columbia Gas at Pennsylvania. In Kentucky, our ongoing rate case seeks an annual revenue increase of about $17 million. We're in active discussions with our stakeholders on a potential settlement. Stay tuned. In Massachusetts, our current rate case is designed to support the company's expanded infrastructure efforts with timely recovery. The case seeks increased annual revenues of $30 million. We expect new rates to be effective in Kentucky in January 2014 and in Massachusetts, during the first quarter of 2014. Again, our Gas Distribution team continues to set the standard for disciplined project execution paired with a foundational commitment to customer service and stakeholder engagement. To wrap up, teams across NiSource are continuing to deliver on our core strategy, and we're well positioned to meet our commitments in a disciplined, balanced and sustainable fashion going forward. Our third quarter performance is squarely in line with our outlook for the year and consistent with our commitment to deliver long-term sustainable value for our shareholders and for all of our key stakeholders. As always, we'll communicate with you about these and all other matters of importance in a transparent and timely manner through our analyst calls and news releases posted on www.nisource.com. Thank you for participating today and for your ongoing interest in support of NiSource. Now, Parita, let's open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. One is -- the $1.7 billion spend at NIPSCO around SB 560, what's the shape of that spend?
Robert C. Skaggs: It ramps up, Paul, as our spending on the 3 scrubber projects begin to wind down. Now actual spending will begin as soon as we receive commission approval in '14, but again, it ramps up over the 7-year period.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then I saw you file the...
Robert C. Skaggs: Paul, I may have one other note just for you and the other folks on the call. We've been fairly consistent in saying that, as it currently stands, NIPSCO's CapEx program, give or take, is in the $450 million to $500 million range, and that's what we intend to keep it at going forward. So again, think about scrubbers ramping down T-Desk [ph] or 7-year investments beginning to ramp up.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And I saw you file the mixed shelf yesterday, but we're still thinking about mid '15 for the next equity raise. Is that fair?
Robert C. Skaggs: That's correct. And the shelf that we filed yesterday was a routine filing. We needed to file that by early November. So it was a routine filing, and we're still projecting the need for additional equity second half of '15.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then in the past, in our discussions, you've made it clear that the idea of an MLP is certainly on the table, but you just wanted a better line of sight on an inventory of appropriate projects before you let that genie out of the bottle. Can you just kind of refresh or update us on your latest thinking?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, you're directionally correct. It continues to be a viable option. It's certainly worthy of consideration. As you know and others know, we've been looking at it carefully, albeit deliberately. A couple of key considerations that we need to navigate, number 1, are credit considerations. Given we're relatively low, BBB-, we need to navigate the credit considerations carefully. There's also concerns around tax leakage, and again, we have to navigate that issue. Both, I would say, aren't show stoppers, but I also say both aren't trivial. So they require careful thought and consideration. The team continues to look at and work through the considerations, and I think we've also said as we get closer to '15 and the need for additional equity, consideration becomes more relevant. In the meantime, the team's focused on developing accretive projects and building the investment inventory.
Operator: The next question comes from line of Carl Kirst from BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Paul actually kind of touched on the shape of the spend for the modernization program, and so, as you've answered that, this question may be a little bit less relevant from a timing standpoint. But as we' think about the response you got on the Electric side, not really taking issue with the dollar spend, so kind of coming out relatively close to where you guys were, is this something from SB 560 that necessarily has to get litigated? Or is there actually potential for settlement on both the Electric and Gas side just to sort of bring certainty to it?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Our standard approach, we prefer to settle anything and everything we possibly can, and we're always exploring that opportunity. Having said that, both of these cases are cases of first impression. First one's filed under the new legislation. So our expectation is that they will be litigated, that there will be a process. But you've already suggested. We think the process is going to be constructive, and it's going to help all the stakeholders to come out to the right decisions on both filings.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. I appreciate that. And then just sort of a micro question, if I can, on the LDC side. The expense looks like it's running around 11% higher year-over-year. And there were several reasons cited for that, so I appreciate the color. I guess my question is, should we be looking at this effectively as a new run rate?
Stephen P. Smith: Well, Carl, let me take that. This is Steve. We're on track for the earnings growth projections we've previously shared with you at NGD. And really, as we ramp up the capital investments that drive that growth, you'll see associated expense growth in short windows during which the lead lag dynamics of spending and recovery shift. So over the plan, the additional expenses associated with the growth are all well matched with the regulatory recovery. So it's nothing out of the ordinary, and it's fully within our expectations.
Operator: The next question comes from line of Charles Fishman from Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Equity issuance, and I think, last time, you talked about that. You said about the size of the one last year. So is that still your thinking, $400 million plus or minus?
Robert C. Skaggs: In terms of modeling, I think that's a good number to use.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay.
Stephen P. Smith: In the latter half of 2015.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Right. Yes. Yes. And then on -- I noticed in the release, it said industrials were strong for the recently ended quarter. Any particular industry or -- I know you're heavy in steel.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. We're -- and actually, the steel load was fine during the quarter. And so the quarter was -- I would call it a pleasant surprise, but for the year, we believe that the load is going to be flattish. And our projections was flattish. Our outlook tends to be flattish, and our models are premised on flat industrial activity. And so as you look at the company and the business, that's what I would assume.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So at this point, let's say for 2014, what kind of growth, let's say overall, on the retail? Do you have any thought about that?
Robert C. Skaggs: Flattish. Flattish.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Flattish?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs: When you think about NiSource, be it residential, commercial or industrial, think and model, flattish.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. On the Slide 13, on CPG, I noticed that the LNG exports, the bottom end of that range, bumped up $150 million. Was there some project in development that's moved from sort of early stage development to late stage? Is that what happened there?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, that's a fair statement. You may recall that we held an open season, gosh, 3 months ago, on a project called Cameron Access or Cameron Reach. The team continues to work on that project diligently, and I would only say stay tuned.
Operator: You have no question at this time. [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: You guys filed a complaint for -- regarding the joint operating agreement between MISO and PJM and sort of the lack of transmission that have been acted upon, I guess, transmission proposals regarding sort of market-to-market congestion, and I was just wondering what you saw as the potential opportunity. I mean, I did see that there was some of these things mentioned recently at PJM that you guys had proposed, and I was just wondering how they sort of fit into your plans that you guys have outlined today. Is it upside from here? And just what sort of opportunities that might lead, just with the market implications, might be of it [indiscernible].
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, let me just speak to the filing. That filing was simply an effort to encourage PJM and MISO to work more cooperatively, work in a more coordinated fashion so that we can continue to rationalize, grow, reinforce, strengthen interstate transmission. So that's what it was, pure and simple. And we have 2 major electric transmission projects underway. We hope that there are additional opportunities that are of that size and nature within our footprint. So that's what we're -- we're looking for those opportunities. But again, we do think PJM and MISO need to work more closely together so that this can unfold in a more coherent fashion.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And is that part of your CapEx program? Or is that just sort of additional? Or how should we think about it?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, we have included in our outlook, in our plans, about $0.5 billion for 2 specific electric transmission projects that have been approved by MISO and the FERC and are actually under construction. One is into the right-of-way process. The second one is just launching. Now again, our hope and desire would be to identify, develop, originate projects similar in nature to those. We do not have those yet to be defined opportunities reflected in the plan.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: But can you give us a sense as to what you think it might do in terms of market dynamics? I mean, you're talking about -- I guess it's sort of like lowering the congestion. At least I guess -- I assume that would have the impact of sort of facilitating generation deliverability into PJM or I guess, theoretically, vice versa. Is -- do you have any sense as to what the impact could be with respect to that?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. I can't give you any sort of refined, precise nature of the impact, but you're right. The point is to improve the efficiency of the system, to relieve transmission congestion and make the grid just operate better and more reliably. But I can't give you -- I cannot reduce that to a quantified improvement.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Peter Hoke [ph] from Zimmer Partners.
Unknown Analyst: I just wanted to spend some time with the CPG income statement for a moment, if we could and just kind of try and understand how revenues are flowing through and expenses through that group, again, a real healthy step up in the operating earnings there. But where are the transportation revenues step up coming from now? And the other revenue line, how does that break out?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, good question. Let Steve walk you through some of the geography.
Stephen P. Smith: Yes, sure. Just at a high level, what transpired last year at this time was a modernization settlement charge that we took in the third quarter. So fast forward to the third quarter this year, what you're seeing is 2 offsetting items, one in revenue, one in depreciation. And the revenue offset is about $66 million, and the depreciation offset is about $16 million. So you net those two together, and that's $50 million, effectively, that we took in the third quarter of 2012. With respect to the other revenues that you're referring to, that's primarily -- that increase of $25-or-so million is effectively the other transmission rate adjustment, which is a tracker, which is offset in O&M. So it shows up in revenues and in other revenues.
Robert C. Skaggs: But it's tracker.
Stephen P. Smith: But it's track, so there's really no incremental benefit as a result of that tracker activity.
Unknown Analyst: Got you. I see what's going on there, and that's perfect. And then just to drop down in the equity earnings line, what's flowing through the equity earnings there?
Stephen P. Smith: The equity earnings are all the partnerships that we have. And primarily the driver there that's increasing quarter-over-quarter is almost entirely increases from Millennium Pipeline. So earnings are up a couple of million dollars as a result of that.
Robert C. Skaggs: But in that buck would be Millennium, Hardy Storage.
Stephen P. Smith: Pennant.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, perfect. And then the -- once the modernization tracker filing gets taken care of and I guess you're saying starting in February '14, then we'll see a similar pattern as the other revenues bump up and the O&M, the tracker line will kind of go along with that, right?
Stephen P. Smith: That's correct.
Robert C. Skaggs: That's right.
Stephen P. Smith: And we're finishing up the first year of modernization, in and around $300 million of spend so far in 2013. We'll be making that filing at FERC shortly, and the revenues will be increased in the February 2014 timeframe.
Robert C. Skaggs: You may have heard us say before that we see this arrangement being earnings accretive beginning in '14 as that tracker kicks in, cash accretive beginning into '15.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then this gain on storage gas, what were the conditions that allowed you to do that? I thought with depressed gas prices, it would be difficult to recognize that.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. We are always looking at our storage fields, and you know we have a slew of storage fields in the mid-Atlantic regions. We're always looking in that -- at that from an engineering standpoint and optimization standpoint. In fact, that's the way we look at the entire capacity of the network. And when we have -- when we feel we have an opportunity to adjust the base gas storage or any capacity, we look at market conditions and try to take advantage of it. And we do this periodically, and that's what occurred in this situation.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, fine. And then the O&M line, x the trackers, showing about 3.5% to 4% growth there, is that something that we could expect for CPG just because of the growth of the business? Or will it be more or less than that?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Going forward, it's going to be less than that. In fact, good question, across NiSource, we see O&M increases tracking at about the rate of inflation. That's across the entire footprint. But both pipeline group and gas distribution group have had some Millennium pressures as they've made these dramatic increases in the CapEx programs. Those increases will normalize and/or will be recovered in rates.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Bob Skaggs for closing remarks.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Thank you very much. And to all the participants on the call this morning, thank you for your interest, your attention and support of NiSource. Have a good, safe day. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a good day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen L. Kettering - Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs Robert C. Skaggs - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Interim Chief Executive Officer for Gas Distribution Segment Stephen P. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2013 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. My name is Janada, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs. Please proceed.
Glen L. Kettering: Thank you, Janada, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of NiSource, I'd like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hulen, Managing Director of Investor Relations. As you know, the focus of our call today is to review our financial performance for the second quarter of 2013 and to provide a business update. We'll then open the call up to your questions. At times during the call, we'll refer to the supplemental slides available on nisource.com. I'd like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. And now I'll turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks, Glen, and good morning, and thanks for joining us. For today's agenda, we'll touch on key highlights from another solid quarter. I'll ask Steve Smith, our Chief Financial Officer, to summarize our financial results. I'll then touch on some key upcoming execution markers and initiatives across each of our business units. And then we'll open the call to your questions. Let's start with key takeaways on Slide 3 in the supplemental deck that was posted online this morning. First and foremost, as we announced in our earnings release, NiSource's infrastructure-focused investment strategy once again delivered financial results in line with our expectations and consistent with our 2013 earnings guidance range of $1.50 to $1.60 per share, non-GAAP. We also announced that, thanks to our robust and growing inventory of accretive infrastructure investment opportunities, we're enhancing our 2013 capital program. We're now targeting an investment level of about $2 billion for 2013, up from our original $1.8 billion plan. Virtually all of these additional capital investments are allocated to track infrastructure replacement and modernization programs. And just a reminder, about 75% of our capital investments are focused on accretive growth and other revenue-generating opportunities. Another notable development during the quarter was the successful completion of our Pennsylvania rate case. We placed new forward-looking rates into effect July 1 as part of a settlement that, in addition to other benefits, will increase annual revenues by about $55 million. Meanwhile, our team at the Columbia Pipeline Group, or CPG, is on track with the initial phases of our landmark system modernization program. With a number of projects currently in flight, we're on pace to make our first tracker filing by the end of the year, with recovery slated to start in February 2014. And at NIPSCO, we became the first Indiana utility to file an electric infrastructure modernization plan under recently enacted Senate Bill 560. NIPSCO's 7-year, $1 billion plus plan involves systematic replacement and modernization of our core electric utility infrastructure. We anticipate action by the commission and initiation of the investment early in 2014. In a nutshell, we're pleased to report continued, steady, disciplined execution of our strategy during the second quarter. With delivery on an expanding array of customer, regulatory and growth initiatives, our team's performance has kept us squarely on target to deliver on our earnings commitments for 2013. So with that overview, I'll turn the call over to Steve Smith to take a closer look at our second quarter financial results referenced on Page 4 of our supplemental slides.
Stephen P. Smith: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. As Bob mentioned, our team again delivered a very strong quarter. NiSource delivered net operating earnings, non-GAAP, of about $73 million, or $0.23 per share, during the second quarter. That compares with about $64 million, or $0.22 per share, for the same period last year. Our operating earnings for the quarter came in at about $195 million. As we noted on our last quarterly call, our results reflect our $340 million forward sale equity issuance completed in the third quarter of 2012, which added approximately 24 million common shares compared to the same period last year. For 2013, we expect this to have about an $0.08 per share impact on earnings. On a GAAP basis, our income from continuing operations for the quarter was about $72 million, or $0.23 per share, compared to about $68 millio,n, or $0.25 per share, in the second quarter of last year. Schedules 1 and 2 to our earnings release show the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciling items. Turning to our business units. Columbia Pipeline Group, or CPG, delivered operating earnings of about $89 million in the second quarter compared to $92 million for the prior year. Net revenues, excluding trackers, were down about $8 million at CPG for the quarter due to reduced depreciation rates resulting from the Columbia Transmission customer settlement. CPG remains on track to deliver earnings in line with our plan for the year. NIPSCO Electric delivered operating earnings of about $59 million compared to $60 million for the prior year. Net revenues, excluding trackers, were up about $7 million for the quarter, partially as a result of increased recovery of environmental investments. And NiSource Gas Distribution, or NGD, delivered operating earnings of $52 million compared to $51 million for 2012. NGD net revenues, again, excluding trackers, were up about $21 million for the quarter due primarily to our infrastructure replacement programs. As Bob noted, we're pleased to report that we're squarely on track to deliver earnings within our guidance range for the year. Turning to Slide 5. Let's quickly touch on our financing and liquidity highlights. Thanks to disciplined capital management practices, our liquidity position remains strong at approximately $1.4 billion as of the end of the second quarter. We expect this position to maintain its strength throughout the year. This is supported by a number of developments in the first half of the year, including the sale of our retail services business, proactive financing and the extension of bonus depreciation. Finally, I will note that as of June 30, our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 58.6%, which is what we expect to effectively maintain on an ongoing basis, give or take 1% or so. Before turning the call back to Bob, I would like to take the opportunity to reiterate NiSource's core financial commitments, which are: maintaining our stable investment grade credit ratings; growing earnings by 5% to 7% annually; growing the dividend by 3% to 5% annually; and maintaining a strong liquidity position, all while supporting our approximately $2 billion investment program. With that, I'll turn the call back to Bob.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks, Steve. Let's start with the CPG highlights on Slide 6. Jimmy Staton and his team are working overtime to develop and deliver a diverse mix of value-adding infrastructure investment opportunities. At the forefront, Columbia Gas Transmission is making good progress on its long-term system modernization program. And as I noted earlier, we're on track to file our first year modernization tracker filing by the end of this year, with recovery slated to start in February 2014. As you know, the settlement covers the initial 5 years of a projected modernization program of $4 billion to $5 billion over 10 to 15 years. On the midstream front, with the Big Pine Gathering System in service with XTO Energy, we're also scheduled to start providing long-term gathering services for PennEnergy later this year. Big Pine is capable of transporting more than 400 million cubic feet per day of Marcellus Shale gas. Phase 1 of our Pennant project, which we call the Hickory Bend Gathering System, is also tracking well. In fact, the initial gathering service is already in progress on part of the system to accommodate Hilcorp's early Utica Shale production. The processing and gathering facilities, 200 million cubic feet per day and 600 million cubic feet per day, respectively, are expected to start by the end of this year. From a production standpoint, our resource development arrangement with Hilcorp is progressing according to plan. Although the development of the acreage is still in its early stages, 6 wells are now complete. Five of those wells are currently producing, and with each well, drilling and stimulation techniques continue to be optimized. Notably, we remain encouraged as the initial production flows are consistent with some of the better flows reported in the area. Drilling activity will continue to accelerate, and we anticipate that by 2014, we will be completing 25 to 30 wells per year. All in all, very much in line with our expectations. Our commercial team also is moving ahead on a new project to modernize and upgrade our existing LNG peaking facility in Chesapeake, Virginia. It's a $30 million, 3-year upgrade. In sync with this upgrade, all existing costumers signed new long-term agreements at increased rates to support the projects. At Millennium Pipeline, the partnership placed the approximately $45 million Minisink Compressor station into service in the second quarter and anticipates placing the Hancock Compressor station into service by the end of this year or early 2014. This approximately $45 million project will increase the pipeline's delivery capacity to 850,000 dekatherms per day. And as we discussed in prior calls, our East Side and West Side Expansion projects are on schedule. These projects represent a combined investment of more than $400 million and together will add about 800,000 dekatherms per day of new transportation capacity on our systems. The initial level of service has already begun on the West Side Expansion. Let's now shift to Indiana in our electric business, as summarized on Slide 7. NIPSCO continued to deliver positive results on many, many fronts in the first half of the year. As I mentioned, earlier this month, we were the first to file a 7-year electric infrastructure modernization plan with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission. Our plan, which will kick into gear in early 2014, includes investments in our core distribution and transmission systems, which are good for the sustainability and reliability of infrastructure in Northern Indiana and support continued economic development and job creation in our service territory. I would also note that NIPSCO will file a similar infrastructure modernization plan for our gas operations later this year. The plan will address system modernization and expansion to rural areas of Northern Indiana. NIPSCO remains on track with the $0.5 billion plus FGD project at our Schahfer Generating Station. These new units will be placed into service in the fourth quarter of this year and in 2014. Construction is also moving ahead at our Michigan City Generating Station, where NIPSCO is installing another $250 million FGD unit. On the electric transmission front, NIPSCO is moving forward with an overall investment of up to $0.5 billion for 2 electric transmission projects in Northern Indiana. These projects will strengthen the Midwest electrical infrastructure while supporting economic development and providing new jobs. The planning and outreach activities are the key focus for those projects in 2013, with in-service targeted for the latter part of the decade. Final route selection is anticipated in August of this year for the first project, the so-called Reynolds-Topeka line. So as you can see, across many fronts, NIPSCO is generating long-term sustainable results for customers, communities and shareholders. Let's turn now to our Gas Distribution Operations discussed on Slide 8. Our NGD team continues to deliver strong results by aligning its long-term $10 billion infrastructure replacement and enhancement program with a variety of complementary customer and regulatory initiatives. As I noted earlier, we placed new forward-looking rights into effect on July 1 at Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania. Also on the regulatory front, Columbia Gas of Kentucky, Columbia Gas of Massachusetts and Columbia Gas of Maryland all have rate cases in front of their respective commissions. In Kentucky, the case seeks an annual revenue increase of about $17 million. The case also includes a more modern rate design using a revenue normalization adjustment. In Massachusetts, the case is designed to support the company's expanded infrastructure efforts with timely recovery. The case seeks increased annual revenues of about $30 million. And in Maryland, we're seeking an annual revenue increase of about $5 million. We expect a decision with rates effective in Kentucky in January 2014, in Massachusetts during the first quarter of 2014 and in Maryland in late September of this year. Finally, in June, NIPSCO, along with the Indiana Consumer Counselor and other stakeholders, filed a unanimous agreement with the IURC to extend NIPSCO's 2010 natural gas customer rate settlement through 2020. The decision on the filing is expected by the end of this year. This is a great win-win settlement that will continue to deliver benefits for all our major stakeholders. And in Virginia, Columbia Gas of Virginia received an order approving an amendment to its SAVE program for infrastructure replacement. The order authorized an annual spending level of $25 million, up from about $20 million. Consistent with our plan, our NGD team is continuing to execute on its established strategy of investing in safety and reliability while providing innovative programs to customers and solid financial performance for shareholders. To wrap up, teams across NiSource are continuing to deliver on our core investment and customer-focused strategy, and we are well positioned to meet our growth and other commitments on a disciplined, balanced and sustainable basis going forward. As always, we'll communicate with you and all our stakeholders about these and other matters of importance in a transparent and timely manner through our analyst calls and news releases posted on nisource.com. Thank you for participating today and for your ongoing interest and in support of NiSource. Janada, let's now open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Can you just talk a little bit about kind of year-to-date results are down, kind of the earnings projected for the balance of the year and the drivers there?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, I'm going to toss that to Steve, Paul.
Stephen P. Smith: Yes, sure. Thanks, Paul. The year-to-date results so far are right in line with our expectations for our guidance range of $1.50 to $1.60. And I would note that we had a number of items that came in the first 6 months that will be benefiting the latter half of the year. For example, the Columbia Pennsylvania rate case is effective July 1, so that's going to contribute significantly to the latter half of 2013. We also had an IRP filing in Ohio in the May time frame, so we'll be enjoying those benefits throughout the balance of the year. And in addition, we also had an environmental recovery mechanism tracker in Indiana filed at that time frame as well, which will benefit us going forward. On the pipeline side, we also have a number of projects that will be coming up to speed for us in the latter part of the year. First is the Pennant project and the Big Pine project, both of which that Bob mentioned, and also the Millennium Minisink project for the latter half of the year. So we feel very comfortable about where we stand year to date. We think we're squarely in line with where we expect to be and believe our guidance is appropriate and are reaffirming it.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And I guess you've obviously basically lapped the new shares as well?
Stephen P. Smith: That's correct.
Robert C. Skaggs: Correct. Yes. Paul, I would just say, just from our perspective, a clean quarter. And again, what's notable are the accomplishments the team posted on the initiatives.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And is this Michigan City new capital or have we talked about that before?
Robert C. Skaggs: It's been in the plan, and we have talked about it fairly extensively. So it's reflected in the numbers.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then just with the increased capital this year, any updates on financing plans?
Stephen P. Smith: Well, I would say, as you know, we did a $750 million, 30-year bond deal not too long ago at 4.8%. With respect to additional financing in 2013, we're looking at potentially tapping the markets in the late third quarter or early fourth quarter in the $300 million to $500 million range. We haven't yet determined what the appropriate maturity will be there. But we expect to do some capital markets activity on the debt side in late third quarter or early fourth quarter of this year.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, Paul. And you'll recall that at our Analyst Day last year, we suggested the need for equity in and around 2015 in an amount that would be similar to what we did a couple of years ago. And we believe, for planning purposes and modeling, that continues to be a sound assumption. And Steve can mention a couple of things that have enhanced our cash position. In fact, he alluded to those in his prepared remarks. But, Steve, maybe you can give a little more color around that.
Stephen P. Smith: Right. Thanks, Bob. Yes, the other things that we were able to accomplish here in the first of the year was the sale of our NiSource retail services business for approximately $120 million. The other benefit that we're enjoying is the extension of bonus depreciation, which should contribute approximately $250 million of benefit to us. So that's in excess of $350 million of incremental cash that are helping us spend at a slightly higher rate this year.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I guess you didn't have those items on the radar when you talked about equity in '15?
Stephen P. Smith: We did not.
Robert C. Skaggs: We did not.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: When I look at Slide 10, it looks like the 2013 CapEx for gas distribution is up about $100 million. And then when I go to Slide 16, I don't see any changes versus this slide in the last quarter. So is it just an acceleration of these projects, is what's going on? There's nothing that was added that I see, is that correct?
Robert C. Skaggs: That's correct in part. It is an acceleration of some of the spending that we have inherently with the infrastructure replacement programs. It's also a bit of an uptick in new business. So we are seeing some organic growth, if that's the right term, in new customer additions. And that's helped elevate the number.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Bob, what state is the growth coming from?
Robert C. Skaggs: We're seeing it across all of the companies. Typically, we see more in Virginia, relatively speaking, but we're seeing a bit of an uptick across the board. Now having said that, it's not dramatic. But over the past couple of years, we've seen the new adds come back. All told, across the Gas Distribution group, probably $100 million, $125 million is spent on new customer additions -- will be spent for new customer additions in 2013.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. So that would account for, let's say, about half of the $200 million step up, is natural gas? And then the rest of it was...
Robert C. Skaggs: It was at CPG.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. And again, that's just an acceleration? Or I guess you added also the LNG project?
Robert C. Skaggs: You're really going down the right track. It's a number of relatively small incremental projects that surfaced during the year, and we felt confident enough to launch those programs and increase the spend.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Now I notice under Pennant, the gas gathering went from 400 million cubic feet per day to 600. Is that part of that acceleration or things are going better on the drilling?
Robert C. Skaggs: No, no. It's still consistent with plan. So it's still consistent with plan. We've talked about additional phases down the road for Pennant. We're not there yet, but as I suggested in the prepared remarks, we're very encouraged by initial drilling results. We're encouraged by the additional -- or the drilling program for 2014. And so Pennant remains on track.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. Then moving just to Indiana, on Senate Bill 560. If you take Senate Bill 560 and the trackers there and you combine that with the trackers you have for the environmental spend on the generation, I mean, it is -- it would appeared to me, that, that covers a good chunk of your CapEx and you might avoid a general rate case for quite a while. Is that a correct way of looking at it?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, your first point is correct. Across NiSource, about 75% of our spend is via tracking mechanisms or relatively frequent rate cases. So a number like that, 75%, is probably relatively a good number to use at NIPSCO. Now the point on rate case, the Senate Bill 560 requires a filing company, somebody participating in that program, to file a rate case within that 7-year period. Our current expectations, and they're current, would suggest we would file at the latter stages of that 7-year period. But that's as we stand here today.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I realize it's a new program, but on the Gas Distribution side, the Senate Bill 560, that tracker, is really, it appears to me, very similar to the trackers you have in other states with respect to gas distributions. Is that correct?
Robert C. Skaggs: Similar. There are some differences, but it's very, very similar. It's akin to what we see in other states.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we do have a follow-up question from the line of Charles Fishman of Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I've got another one, but I wanted to give other people a chance. Effective tax rate, I notice both first and the second quarter was down. Do you see that going on for the second half? And is there any guidance you can provide?
Stephen P. Smith: Yes, no. Charles, that's a deferred tax liability that we had on the balance sheet we didn't need to carry any longer. And so that benefit was approximately $4 million in the quarter. And we also had a few other items that contribute $1 million here or there. So we don't expect that effective tax rate to continue at that rate. We anticipate that it will bounce back up.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So we'd be still looking at maybe mid-30s for the remainder of the year?
Stephen P. Smith: Yes.
Robert C. Skaggs: That's correct.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the only thing I had was just out of -- really more of a curiosity on the transmission. You said you're going to the second round of public hearings on those lines?
Robert C. Skaggs: We just completed that, the second round.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I'm just curious, what's the difference between the second round and the first round? What actually transpires?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, it's a process. So the first round, you basically introduce the projects. You introduce the approximate routing. The second round, you come back with more concrete information that begins to hone in or narrow down to a more specific route. And again, you give the opportunity to folks to vet that, to lodge their concerns, their interests and the like, and we try to be responsive. So it's part of a comprehensive outreach plan.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Bob Skaggs for any closing remarks.
Robert C. Skaggs: All right, Janada. Thank you, everybody. Again, we appreciate your participation, your interest and support. And we will see you in the not-too-distant future. Have a great day. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen L. Kettering - Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs Robert C. Skaggs - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Interim Chief Executive Officer for Gas Distribution Segment
Analysts: Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the quarter 1 2013 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. My name is Patrick, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of corporate affairs. Please proceed, sir.
Glen L. Kettering: Thank you, Patrick, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of NiSource, I'd like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hulen, Managing Director of Investor Relations. The focus of today's call is to review our financial performance for the first quarter of 2013 and to provide a business update. We'll then open the call to your questions. At times during the call, we will refer to the supplemental slides available on nisource.com. I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking and those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning those risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks, Glen, and good morning, and thanks for joining us. For today's agenda, we'll touch on key highlights from another solid quarter. We'll discuss our financial results and our operational highlights from each of our business units and then we'll open the call to your questions. Let's start on slide 3 in the supplemental deck that was posted online this morning. As we noted in this morning's press release, in just a few months, the NiSource team has made significant progress on a number of fronts: financial, regulatory, legislative and infrastructure investment. From a financial perspective, NiSource's first quarter results were well in line with our expectations and our full year earnings guidance of $1.50 to $1.60 per share non-GAAP. We'll provide a bit more context on our financial results in just a few moments. One of our most significant recent achievements is new Indiana legislation that improved the efficiency of the regulatory process and provides a framework for modernizing Indiana's gas and electric infrastructure. This landmark legislation dovetails nicely with NIPSCO's long-term strategy to modernize its core utility system. Another key development during the quarter was the filing of Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania's unanimous rate case settlement with the Pennsylvania Commission. Among other things, that settlement reflects a $55 million revenue increase and provides more enhanced rate design. And as we noted during our year-end call in February, our team is actively executing on the FERC-approved Columbia Gas Transmission modernization program. That program includes a steady stream of infrastructure investments that'll enhance the integrity, reliability and flexibility of the Columbia Gas Transmission system. Looking across NiSource, I'd note that we're fully on track with our overall capital investment program which, you'll recall, is targeted to reach approximately $1.8 billion in 2013. And we continue to support those investments with a balanced and disciplined corporate financing strategy, most recent example being the issuance earlier this month of $750 million in 30-year notes at a very attractive rate. And finally, I'd point out that each of the 3 major credit rating agencies recently reaffirmed NiSource's stable investment grade credit ratings. So in a nutshell, continued steady, disciplined execution of our strategy during the first quarter, keeping us squarely in line with our performance expectations for 2013 and beyond. With those highlights, let's take a closer look at our first quarter, starting with our financial results on Slide 4. As you can see, NiSource delivered net operating earnings non-GAAP of about $215 million or $0.69 per share during the first quarter. That compares with about $214 million or $0.76 per share for the same period last year. Our operating earnings for the quarter came in at about $428 million. As I mentioned, these results are in line with our expectations and the guidance range we announced earlier this year. It's important to note that are first quarter results fully reflect our 2012 $340 million forward equity issuance, which added approximately 24 million common shares when compared to the same period last year. That impacted the quarter by about $0.07. I'd also note that over the balance of the year, NiSource's earnings will be favorably impacted by a number of regulatory outcomes and growth projects, which are outlined on the supplemental slides. On a GAAP basis, our income from continuing operations for the quarter was about $215 million or $0.69 per share compared to about $193 million or $0.68 per share in the first quarter of last year. Schedules 1 and 2 to our earnings release shows the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciling items. Turning to our individual business unit results, let's start at our Columbia Pipeline business, or CPG, that's summarized on Slide 5. From an earnings standpoint, CPG generated operating earnings of about $133 million in the first quarter compared to about $139 million during the same time last year. As I mentioned, the most significant highlight is the FERC's approval of our landmark system modernization agreement between Columbia Gas Transmission and its customers. With a clear path forward and a transparent recovery mechanism, the team is already in full execution mode. This long-term program ultimately is expected to involve $4 billion to $5 billion in investment to ensure the ongoing safety, reliability and flexibility of our system. Our pipeline and midstream development teams also are continuing to develop and execute on infrastructure investment opportunities in existing and new markets, including projects to serve the Utica and Marcellus Shale regions. For example, our approximately $160 million Big Pine Gathering System is now in service, capable of transporting more than 400 million cubic feet per day of Marcellus shale production. That project is underpinned by a long-term gathering agreement with XTO Energy. We also recently signed a separate gathering agreement on the Big Pine System with PennEnergy. They expect to begin flowing gas by the end of the year or early in 2014. As I mentioned on our last call, our joint Utica Shale venture with Hilcorp, Pennant Midstream, LLC, continues to make good progress. The Pennant pipeline and processing facilities are on schedule to be completed and in service by the end of 2013. As a reminder, NiSource is responsible for $150 million of the total investment in Pennant's first phase. From a production standpoint, our resource development arrangement with Hilcorp is progressing as well. Hilcorp remains one of the most active companies in the Utica in Northeast Ohio and Western Pennsylvania, and they're currently drilling a seventh test delineation well. Preliminary results are encouraging and early indications of liquids content are consistent with active wells in the area. And perhaps even more notably, Hilcorp is now actively drilling 3 production wells in the Brinker area. They're in various stages of completion. Our commercial team also is moving ahead on a new project to support a large Virginia industrial customer's conversion from a coal-fired boiler to a gas-fired boiler. That project will extend our Columbia Gas Transmission system about 13 miles to an interconnect with Columbia Gas of Virginia, who will also extend its system to serve that customer. The total investment for NiSource is about $40 million, with an in-service date of October 2014. At Millennium Pipeline, the partnership is executing on 2 concurrent compressor projects that will significantly increase capacity on the pipeline. The first project, the so-called Minisink Compressor, will increase Millennium's capacity at its interconnections with Algonquin Gas Transmission to -- I'm sorry, 675,000 dekatherms. That project is targeted for completion in May. The second project, the Hancock Compressor, will increase capacity to 800,000 dekatherms in Delaware County, New York, and is expected to be placed into service by the end of this year. And finally, as we discussed in prior calls, our East Side and West Side Expansion projects are on budget and on schedule. These projects represent a combined investment of more than $400 million, and together, will add approximately 800,000 dekatherms per day of new transportation capacity on our systems. An initial level of service has already begun on the West Side Expansion. As you can see, our pipeline team is moving forward on a number of fronts. Leveraging our assets in the shale basins while maintaining a sharp focus on core growth and modernization projects. Before moving to NIPSCO, I wanted to remind everyone the detailed information about infrastructure projects across NiSource are available in the appendix of our supplemental slides. Let's now shift to Indiana and our electric business as summarized on Slide 6. During the quarter, NIPSCO delivered strong operational and financial performance while advancing several significant customer legislative and regulatory programs. From an earnings standpoint, operating earnings came in at about $65 million in the first quarter compared to about $49 million last year during the same period. The most recent highlight, as I mentioned previously, was legislation that supports NIPSCO's long-term utility modernization plans. The legislation reinforces the need for a sustainable and reliable energy infrastructure, the level of that investment required to meet this need. Notably, the legislation also will improve the efficiency of the regulatory process in a number of important respects. NIPSCO also is on track with significant environmental investments at its electric generation facilities, including our more than $500 million scrubber project at our Schahfer Generating Station. Those new units will be placed into service in the fourth quarter of this year and in 2014. Construction work has also begun at our Michigan City Generating Station where NIPSCO is installing another $250 million FGD unit. On the transmission front, NIPSCO is moving forward with an investment of up to $500 million for 2 fully approved electric transmission projects in Northern Indiana. These projects will strengthen the Midwest electric infrastructure while supporting economic development and providing new jobs. Planning and outreach activities are the key focus for these projects in 2013, with in-service currently targeted to the latter part of this decade. And on the customer front, NIPSCO has begun installing nearly 1 million gas and electric automated meter reading devices across its service territory. At a total investment of about $90 million over 3 years, these devices will aid in the efficiency and accuracy of our meter reading. And finally, I'd note that NIPSCO recently received regulatory approval for the introduction of a Green Power Rate pilot program. This complements a variety of renewable energy and customer programs in Indiana and allows customers to designate a portion or all of their power to be generated by renewable energy sources. Truly a milestone quarter that will create sustainable long-term benefits across all of NIPSCO's service territory. Let's turn now to our Gas Distribution Operations, or NGD, discussed on Slide 7. Our NGD team continues to deliver strong results by aligning it's $10 billion infrastructure replacement and enhancement program with a variety of complementary customer and regulatory initiatives. From an earnings standpoint, NGD operating earnings for the quarter came in at about $233 million compared to about $245 million for the same period in 2012. These results remain in line with our expectations. Over the balance of the year, we'll have additional earnings growth including new rate to Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania and increased IRP tracker rates at Columbia Gas of Ohio. As I noted, a key highlight of the quarter is the unanimous settlement in mid-March of our Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania rate case, the settlement awaiting final PUC decision, will increase annual revenues by $55 million through a simplified residential rate design that includes a weather normalization adjustment and full recovery of safety-related expenditures. Notably, we're the first utility in the state to establish rates based on a fully forecasted test year. Rates are anticipated to be placed into service this July. Also on the regulatory front, the Columbia Gas of Massachusetts and Columbia Gas of Maryland filed new rate cases. In Massachusetts, the case is designed to support the company's expanded infrastructure efforts with timely recovery. The case seeks an increase in annual revenues of $30 million. In Maryland, the case seeks an annual revenue increase of about $5 million. We expect the decision in Massachusetts during the first quarter of 2014 and in Maryland during the third quarter of this year. On the legislative front, a new law effective January 2013 now allows Columbia Gas of Virginia and other Virginia-based natural gas utilities to defer certain costs associated with safety compliance programs for recovery in future rate cases. Meanwhile, Maryland passed legislation permitting gas utilities to recover pipeline modernization costs on a timely basis. That new legislation is awaiting the Governor's signature and is expected to take effect June 1. Consistent with our plan, our Gas Distribution team is continuing to execute on its well-established strategy of investing in safety and reliability while providing innovative programs to customers and solid financial performance for shareholders. Last, but certainly not least, on the financing and liquidity front. At the end of the first quarter, NiSource maintained approximately $900 million in net available liquidity. Beyond the $750 million debt issued earlier this month, NiSource took additional steps to improve its liquidity position. This includes increasing our 3-year bank term loan by $75 million to a total of $325 million and extending its maturity date to April 15, 2016. In addition, we increased our commercial paper program from a limit of $500 million to $1.5 billion, this program is supported by our $1.5 billion revolving credit facility. Finally, before opening the call to your questions, I want to once again reaffirm our full year earnings guidance range of $1.50 to $1.60 per share non-GAAP. I also want to reiterate our unwavering financial commitments, which are to maintain investment-grade credit ratings as recently reaffirmed by the rating agencies, sustainable earnings growth of 5% to 7% annually, a strong growing dividend of 3% to 5% annually, robust liquidity, again, as evidenced by our disciplined financial strategy, including our recent debt issuance and other enhancements. As always, we'll communicate with you and all our stakeholders about these and all other matters of importance in a transparent and timely manner through our analyst calls and news releases posted on nisource.com. Thanks for your participation today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. We deeply appreciate it. Now, Patrick, we can open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Bob, does that new Indiana legislation -- does that cover gas distribution, too?
Robert C. Skaggs: It covers gas distribution for the enhancements in the process and also for extensions of gas facilities into underserved areas.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then like if I look at -- there was a slide, which one is it? I'm sorry. It showed like future transmission projects, here it is, Slide 14 for NIPSCO. I assume some of that, if not all of it, is under FERC, but would that kind of a thing be covered too under the new legislation?
Robert C. Skaggs: No. The legislation is primarily distribution-oriented and what I would call more routine transmission modernization as opposed to large-scale expansions or a greenfield construction of transmission. Those sorts of major projects, let's say, are the jurisdiction of MISO and, ultimately, FERC approval.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. So then like -- one other, following on with that. So like the AMR meters, those would be that tight even though that might be too early for this?
Robert C. Skaggs: Too early for that. And that's going ultimately be recovered via rate case process or proceeding.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: But if you installed more of those AMR meters, that would be covered under the new legislation, correct?
Robert C. Skaggs: Frankly, Charles, great question. I don't know about that issue, specifically. What I would say, I think as a good baseline is, we and the other utilities are going to have to file a 7-year program of activity. Now the Commission's going to review that program, stakeholders are going to review that program and, ultimately, have a sign-off on the composition of that program. So I think that's going to be the venue, if you will, or vehicle, that's going to be more determinative of what sort of investment and activity is in or is out.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Robert C. Skaggs: All right, Patrick, we know it's a busy day out there in the market. We certainly, again, appreciate everybody's interest. And I'm certain we're going to field follow-up questions later. So again, thank you for your interest. Thanks for your support. We'll see you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen L. Kettering - Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs Robert C. Skaggs - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Interim Chief Executive Officer for Gas Distribution Segment Stephen P. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division John Edwards - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2012 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. My name is Carissa, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed.
Glen L. Kettering: Thank you, Carissa, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of NiSource, I'd like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Here this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hulen, Managing Director of Investor Relations. The focus of today's call is to review our financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year 2012 and to provide a business update. We'll then open the call to your questions. At times during the call, we'll refer to the supplemental slides available on nisource.com. I'd like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning those risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors section of our periodic SEC filings. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks, Glen. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. For today's agenda, first and foremost, we'll review another year of strong performance. Our 2012 highlights reflect the continued strength of our strategy, as well as our team's proven ability to execute on that strategy and build shareholder value. We'll also update you on more recent accomplishments and ongoing initiatives. And finally, we'll discuss our 2013 financial outlook and key commitments. We'll also have plenty of time for your questions. Let's start on Slide 3 in the supplemental deck that was posted online this morning. As we noted in this morning's release, 2012 was yet another year of disciplined execution across all facets of our business strategy. As you know, that strategy is anchored by a deep and growing inventory of infrastructure-focused capital investments that generate significant value for our customers, shareholders and other key stakeholders. For the sixth year in a row, our team's execution of that strategy generated earnings growth squarely in line with our guidance, and for the fourth consecutive year, it produced total shareholder returns that outperformed the utility indices.  Specifically, NiSource generated non-GAAP earnings of $1.46 per share, well within our guidance range of $1.40 to $1.50 per share, and strong year-over-year growth of more than 10%. We also generated total shareholder return [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, please standby. Your conference will resume momentarily. You may proceed.
Robert C. Skaggs: We apologize. Dreaded glitch, our phone was obviously disconnected for some reason. In any way, we apologize. And let me just go back to the performance, financial performance for 2012, and I'll begin the narrative at that point, we'll just carry on. Again, we apologize. NIPSCO generated non-GAAP earnings of $1.46 per share, well within our guidance range of $1.40 to $1.50 per share, and strong year-over-year growth of more than 10%. We also generated total shareholder return of approximately 8.5% and increased our dividend for the first time in more than a decade. That strong momentum has continued in 2013, as earlier this month, our stock price reached a 10-year high. As I noted, the foundation of NiSource's success over the last several years has been the team's demonstrated ability to execute on our inventory of infrastructure-focused capital investment opportunities. In 2012, those capital investments reached nearly $1.6 billion. Over the balance of the call, I'll discuss how we are continuing to enhance and expand that investment portfolio which will produce a record capital investment program of about $1.8 billion in 2013. Many of you may recall that we outlined key elements of NiSource's elevated investment strategy at our 2012 Investor Day last September. In particular, we identified and expanded inventory of accretive infrastructure investment opportunities for the next 2 decades totaling $25 billion to $30 billion. Those opportunities will drive an annual capital investment run rate of $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion, sustainable annual earnings growth of between 5% and 7% and an annual dividend growth rate of between 3% and 5%. You may also recall that we emphasized that we would fund our enhanced program in a balanced fashion and we would religiously guard our investment-grade credit rating. By way of an update, we are well on our way in executing that elevated plan. I'll touch on several of our team's recent advances this morning including, of course, a watershed event for us, the FERC's January 24 approval of Columbia Gas Transmission's landmark infrastructure modernization settlement. I'll speak more to the implications of that settlement in a moment. But suffice it to say that our Columbia pipeline team is now poised to make significant and ongoing investments that will modernize our system and benefit our customers and other key stakeholders for decades to come. At our gas utilities, we also continue to see strong execution on our industry-leading infrastructure modernization programs and in our Indiana electric business, solid progress on our significant environmental investments. In a snapshot, yet another very strong year for NiSource. We added to our growing track record for delivering results, and we have a well-established, highly-visible plan to continue building shareholder value through long-term, sustainable investment and earnings growth. So with that backdrop, let's take a closer look at our 2012 results starting with our financial progress on Slide 4. As you can see, NiSource delivered net operating earnings non-GAAP of about $427 million or $1.46 per share in 2012. That compares with about $369 million or $1.32 per share for 2011. Our operating earnings for the year increased by about $125 million over 2011. On a GAAP basis, our income from continuing operations for the year was about $411 million or $1.41 per share compared to about $295 million or $1.05 per share in 2011. Schedules 1 and 2 to our earnings release shows the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciling items. Turning to our individual business unit results, let's start with our pipeline business summarized on Slide 5. Prior to highlighting the results, I want to mention a naming change you'll notice going forward. We're rebranding our NiSource Gas Transmission and Storage group as the Columbia Pipeline Group, or CPG. This leverages the historic strength of our Columbia Gas Transmission and Columbia Gulf brands in the tradition of service and reliability they represent. From an earnings standpoint, our pipeline group's performance continue to be solid, benefiting from growth projects placed into service, as well as Columbia Gulf rate case that we settled in November 2011. We generate operating earnings of about $398 million in 2012 compared to $360 million in 2011. As I mentioned a few moments ago, the most significant highlight is the landmark system modernization agreement that the team completed in 2012 and was approved by the FERC last month. That approval establishes a clear path forward. With an identified project stream and a balanced transparent recovery mechanism, this long-term program ultimately is expected to involve roughly $4 billion to $5 billion in investment to ensure the ongoing safety, reliability and flexibility for Columbia Gas Transmission system. Under the settlement, beginning immediately, we'll invest about $1.5 billion in the first 5 years in addition to $100 million in annual maintenance investment. The program truly is a win-win for our customers, the company and all our key stakeholders. Our pipeline and midstream project development teams also are continuing to develop and execute on infrastructure investment opportunities in existing and new markets and midstream projects to serve the Utica and Marcellus Shale regions. As a side, I'll note that as part of our supplemental slides, we've outlined the various infrastructure projects currently in flight and plan. By the way, you'll find similar slides for each of our business units. In our midstream business, our Big Pine Gathering System will be placed fully into service by April of this year. Supported by a long-term gathering agreement with XTO Energy, the $160 million project will transport up to 425 million cubic feet per day of Marcellus production. Also in midstream, Pennant Midstream, LLC, our joint venture with Hilcorp, continues to make progress with its pipeline and processing facilities and remains on schedule to be completed and in-service by the end of 2013. NiSource is responsible for $150 million of the total investment in the project's first phase. In connection with our other resource development-based arrangement with Hilcorp, test wells were drilled in 2012 to support the development of the hydrocarbon potential on more than 100,000 combined acres in the Utica/Point Pleasant Shale formation. Although the evaluation process continues, preliminary results are quite encouraging and indicate liquids content consistent with active wells in the area. Delineation and additional test wells will continue in 2013 with a full development program launched later this year. We anticipate the 2013 development program will include the drilling of 10 to 20 wells. Recall, NiSource will invest alongside Hilcorp in the development of the acreage, owning both the working and overriding royalty interest, all of the Hilcorp NiSource acreage is dedicated to the Pennant Midstream project. On our regulated pipelines, the team also is moving ahead on several projects that will help provide liquidity and market access for new shale gas production. These include the East Side and West Side Expansion project, combined investments of more than $400 million, which in aggregate will add approximately 800,000 decatherms per day of new transportation capacity on our systems. Also in late December, Columbia Gulf initiated a nonbinding, open season for its proposed Cameron Access Project in South Louisiana. With access to various supply basins, the project would improve reliability for shippers by transporting natural gas supplies directly into the Cameron LNG terminal via new pipeline from Columbia Gulf System. With a projected in-service date of mid-2017, initial capacity and investment will be determined based on the results of the open season. As you can see, our pipeline team is maintaining a sharp focus on both the core growth and modernization projects, while pursuing complementary and accretive midstream projects. This balanced approach is designed to meet the evolving needs of the marketplace, ensuring the reliability, integrity and modernization of our infrastructure and leveraging our assets and mineral position in the shale basins. For 2013 capital spending, we'll invest at least $700 million in our pipeline storage and midstream assets, and we'll certainly consider additional investments for the right projects. Let's now shift to Indiana and our electric business as summarized on Slide 6. For NIPSCO, 2012, the company's 100th anniversary was right in line with our plan to deliver on our core customer, reliability and environmental initiatives, while focusing on long-term investment and growth. During the year, NIPSCO delivered strong operational and financial performance and advanced several near- and long-term growth in modernization investments. Operating earnings came in at about $238 million in 2012 compared to about $202 million in 2011. In addition, NIPSCO continued to introduce an array of new customer programs, including an air-conditioning cycling program, a recently improved green power rate program and a program offering customer incentives for those who drive electric vehicles. And most notably, NIPSCO continues to stay on track with significant environmental investments at its electric generation facilities. The company's more than $500 million FGD project at its Schahfer generating station remains on schedule and on budget. These new units will be placed into service in the fourth quarter of this year and in 2014. At the company's Michigan City generating station, preconstruction engineering and design work has begun for another $250 million FGD project. Construction will start during March of this year. NIPSCO also is moving forward with an overall investment of up to $0.5 billion for 2 fully-approved electric transmission projects in Northern Indiana that will go into service during the latter part of the decade. These projects will strengthen the Midwest electrical infrastructure, while supporting economic development and providing new jobs. The 2 approved projects are in process, and we'll see additional planning and outreach activities in 2013. On the legislative front, our NIPSCO team, together with other state utilities, is working tirelessly to advance legislation that would improve the efficiency of the regulatory process, as well as establish a framework for recovery of costs associated with ongoing infrastructure investments. And that initiative is progressing. Last week, Senate Bill 560 was passed by the Indiana Senate, and we expect the House to pick up the bill in March. Parallel with these efforts, we're developing a long-term modernization program for NIPSCO's electric transmission and distribution infrastructure. That effort will include modernization of our core electrical system, including replacement of transformers, poles, lines and other vital equipment. Stay tuned for more information related to this initiative later in 2013. You can find additional information about these and other planned investments at NIPSCO in our supplemental slides. All told, in 2013 we'll invest more than $430 million at NIPSCO, primarily focused on environmental investments and maintenance of our existing electric infrastructure. Let's turn now to our Gas Distribution Operations, or NGD, discussed on Slide 7. Our NGD team continues to deliver strong, steady results from its core business strategy, which is centered on aligning long-term infrastructure enhancement programs with complementary customer programs and regulatory initiatives. For the year, NGD operating earnings came in at about $441 million compared to about $425 million in 2011. Net revenues were up about $37 million, excluding trackers, primarily reflecting regulatory and infrastructure programs. The broad array of modernization projects across NGD continues to generate value for stakeholders and sustainable earnings growth. Part of a more than $10 billion long-term modernization program, NGD invested nearly $400 million in these infrastructure programs in 2012. In the regulatory arena, on February 8, Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania reached a unanimous settlement in principle with parties in its rate case. The parties will submit a joint petition for approval to the PUC by March 18. At that time, we'll provide additional details about the settlement terms. But what we can say at this time is that we're very pleased with the settlement, which is in line with our expectations. You'll recall the case is tailored after Pennsylvania's recently enacted Act 11, which reflects fully projected future test year under which the company proposes to recover its infrastructure investments through June 2014. Rates are anticipated to be placed into service in July of this year. On the legislative front, on February 14, the Virginia General Assembly passed legislation allowing natural gas utilities to defer required O&M costs for distribution integrity management plans, or DIMP, for recovery in future rate cases. And in Maryland, on February 7, Senate Bill 8 and its companion, House Bill 89, passed. The 2 identical bills will now go to the opposite chamber and be assigned to committee. The bills permit gas utilities to file a pipeline replacement plan to qualify for a fixed annual surcharge to recover associated costs. If passed and signed by the Governor, the act will take effect June 1, 2013. Once again, our Gas Distribution game plan is well established, straightforward and transparent. Sustained earnings growth through long-term investment -- infrastructure investments supported by customer programs and progressive regulatory models. Total capital investment in NGD reached nearly $650 million in 2012, similar level as targeted for 2013. Like our other 2 business units, we've added additional information about our infrastructure investments at NGD in our supplemental slides. Now a few comments on our 2013 earnings guidance and a bit more perspective on our record capital program, summarized on Slide 8. First and foremost, we're maintaining our commitment to long-term and sustainable earnings growth in the range of 5% to 7% per year. NiSource's non-GAAP earnings outlook for 2013 is $1.50 to $1.60 per share with the midpoint representing 6% growth over 2012 EPS. Again, fueling this will be our record $1.8 billion capital investment program, the lion's share of which is comprised of value-adding growth and modernization investments. The NiSource plan reflects yet another well-designed step-up in investment with the largest increase for 2013 being our modernization and growth initiatives of our pipeline group, the great addition to the foundation of accretive, value-adding growth in environmental investments at our other 2 businesses. These and other investments will serve to enhance the long-term value of our assets for the benefit of our customers, shareholders and other important constituencies. Again, as we continue to execute our investment-driven business strategy, I can assure you that we'll remain balanced, disciplined and transparent in how we fund our capital requirements. I might add parenthetically that our funding efforts received a number of recent boosts in the form of the $120 million in proceeds from the sale of our noncore retail services business, and we expected $150 million to $200 million benefit from the availability of bonus depreciation in 2013. Finally, we remain true to our unwavering financial commitments, sustainable earnings growth, a strong and growing dividend, strong liquidity and investment-grade credit. So as our 2012 results and 2013 outlook attest, the NiSource team is continuing to build on a strong track record of delivering collaborative regulatory and commercial solutions, while making disciplined investments that will grow earnings on a sustainable basis. With the full support of our Board of Directors, I'm convinced that we have a compelling game plan and the resources and capabilities to continue to deliver on our commitments. As always, we'll communicate with you and all of our stakeholders in a transparent and timely manner through our analyst calls and news releases posted on nisource.com. Thank you for participating today and for your ongoing interest and support of NiSource. Now, Carissa, let's open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Faisel Khan of Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's Faisel from Citi.
Robert C. Skaggs: Sorry about the glitch.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: No, no, that's pretty -- we've heard it all, so there's no problem at all. On the -- a couple of things. First on the Gas Transmission and Storage business, I know you guys talked about it in the press release and you talked about it in your prepared remarks, the other revenue credit category grew quite substantially year-over-year in the quarter. Can you just go into a little more granularity in terms of what was in that number so we get a better idea of how this is going to kind of move going forward?
Robert C. Skaggs: Hey, Faisel, just to be clear in the question, you're talking about the other revenue category for 2012?
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, fourth quarter 2012.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You have a big number in the other revenue category. And I think you described it as the royalty revenue and all the stuff that's going on in some of the midstream business, but maybe I'm wrong.
Robert C. Skaggs: It's actually a FERC tracker that relates to the purchase and sale of incidental gas on the system. And I believe that the acronym is OTRA, but it's a tracker that just goes in and out of revenue.
Stephen P. Smith: And it's offset in O&M, so there is no net benefit.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So then where does all the gathering and royalty revenue and all those sort of deals show up then?
Stephen P. Smith: It would show up in the transmission segment, in demand and commodity revenues, for example.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes.
Stephen P. Smith: If you look year-over-year, the transmission segment increased its revenues, net revenues by approximately $28 million or so, and that's where the midstream activities would reside.
Robert C. Skaggs: And new projects and midstream activities.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Sure, I understand. Okay. And then on the test wells you guys talked about in the joint venture, can you give us any sort of update on what those wells came up with? Was it dry gas, liquids? I mean, what are you guys looking at?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. The gasses -- the gas is wet. We're not going to disclose specifics on flow rates and the like, but it's high gas, about 1,200 BTU. And we've said in the past that it's about 6 GPM, and that continues to be representative of what we're seeing in the test wells.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Is it liquids component? Is it condensate, or is it NGLs?
Robert C. Skaggs: NGLs.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, all right, understood. And then on the reversal of Columbia Gulf, what is part of the line, we've seen the Columbia full pricing versus Henry Hub pricing kind of come pretty close to parity. Your reversal doesn't come online till 2014. I'm just wondering if you can give us any sort of idea of how you think basis is going to move over the next -- in the next 12 months or so until your reversal comes online. Do you expect the pricing in the Marcellus area to get the disconnect from the rest of the market? Or do you expect to still trade at parity or premium to Hub?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. I just really can't give you a good sense on price. My crystal ball is not that good. What I can say is the team continues to explore opportunities to optimize Columbia Gulf, and that includes moving gas from north to south. And so you'll continue to see us prospecting along those lines, and the West Side project is a great example of what we're going to continue to try to do.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And last question from me. You mentioned that you're changing the name of natural -- the name of the Natural Gas Transmission group back to Columbia Gas Transmission. Is there anything we should read into that besides branding? I mean, is this...
Robert C. Skaggs: No, purely branding. The marketplace has always considered Columbia Gas pipeline, TICO, Columbia Gulf, and so we're just going to leverage what's a well-established brand in the market.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So there's no -- there's nothing here that would be a precursor to naming of another company or a subsidiary of the company or anything like that?
Robert C. Skaggs: No, no. No, don't read anything else into it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst of BMO Capital Markets.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just on the FERC approval of the Columbia settlement, were there any modifications? Or was there any couching language that they put out there? And I asked that in the sense that as we look 5 years down the road, we'll be re-upping this basically be just commercial, essentially, for FERC? Or was there any kind of regulatory reticence at all?
Robert C. Skaggs: Carl, you broke up at the very end, but let me begin at the first part of your question. The order is absolutely clean. There was some language about providing guidance on how to package settlements, but that was FERC discussion as opposed to point on our transaction or our agreements. So very, very clean, without condition. And then I think you asked about re-upping the settlement after the initial 5-year term. And clearly, that's our intent. We're going to have to execute the program efficiently and work with our customers and other stakeholders closely. But the settlement provides us the opportunity to renew, and that's what we intend to do.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Great. No, no, you answer that. Sorry, I broke up there. The second question is really on Cameron Access, and understanding that it's early days. I'm not sure if there's any framework as far as our book ending of investment potential, but -- that could be done. Or if not, should we be thinking about this in a sense of basically a lateral pipeline off of Columbia Gulf? Or could this be a larger project for instance, embedding kind of an upsized West Side Expansion, where we're taking more gas form Marcellus?
Robert C. Skaggs: For Cameron Access, think of it the way you described it as a lateral of Columbia Gulf System. And we're not at a point to provide book-ins on the amount of investment. We just make the observation that we tend to go for singles and doubles and bite-size projects, and leave it at that.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Great. And then last question, if I could, and this is just more on NIPSCO, and very much appreciate the legislative update with Senate Bill 560. And I think last time we spoke in December, you didn't seem to kind of get a sense if there was any big critical mass of opposition developing in the House. Is that still a fair statement? Or as we've gotten closer to it, has anything -- an opposition emerged from that?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, I'll just say it's the legislative process, Carl. The Senate passed the Bill 37,13, so a very healthy margin. We do believe that there is good support for the legislation in the direction of infrastructure in Indiana.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: What did the retail business contribute in '12, the business that was sold to AGL?
Stephen P. Smith: Paul, this is Steve. Approximately $0.03 a share.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And how many -- you spoke of encouraging results. How many wells were drilled?
Robert C. Skaggs: We had handful of test wells being drilled. We're bringing online 2 production wells, and we're in the process of drilling 2 production wells. And when I say we, Hilcorp is actually doing all of that.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And any update for plans on the second cryo plant you have an ups on?
Robert C. Skaggs: No update at this point. We're still bullish and optimistic about phases 2 and 3 of Pennant, but it's just too early to provide any specificity around timing, size and that sort of thing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Edwards of Credit Suisse.
John Edwards - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just real quick. I take it the year-over-year lower volumes on Columbia Gulf, that's because of the growing production up in the Marcellus?
Robert C. Skaggs: Also weather. Really warm weather conditions in 2012, so that, too, had an impact. It was not trivial, I would add.
John Edwards - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then okay, similar -- I guess, similar for the lower wholesale electricity sales? The reason why I'm asking because it looks like -- on the weather, it looked like this year wasn't as cold as last year. I mean, it was a little bit colder than last year, excuse me, at least, on the Columbia Gulf thing. So I guess -- I mean, you are having pushback from going production in the Northeast, correct?
Robert C. Skaggs: Oh, yes. Oh, sure. We're seeing the impact of Marcellus on the Columbia Gulf volumes. And I mentioned earlier, that's why the team continues to look at opportunities to optimize Columbia Gulf and move gas north to south, and the West Side Expansion is a good example and the team pursues other opportunities.
John Edwards - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, I'm sorry, and then on the wholesale electricity sales, those were down. Is that a weather issue also? Or...
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, we're going to have to get back to you with specificity around that. Frankly, I don't track it that much because it's just not a big part of the business. But it could be a variety of factors. And we'll have to ask Randy to provide that detail.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman of Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: On Senate Bill 560, what came out of the Senate? Is that -- does that address generation and distribution? Or was that trim down coming out of the Senate?
Robert C. Skaggs: It's primarily T and D sort of investment opportunities, as well as natural gas and in particular expansion of gas, natural gas service to rural areas or underserved portions of Indiana.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. So this would be a tracker that would emulate like the gas tracker pipeline?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Modernization investments and transmission distributions, storage, natural gas, rehabilitation and the like. That's what the tracker is designed to promote those sorts of investments. Legislation also provides for future-looking test year, statutory deadline to deal with rate cases, things like are included in the legislation as it currently is drafted.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And it's now going to the House?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, the bills will cross over from the Senate to the House and vice versa in March.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you mentioned an AC cycling program. Is that one of these programs with the smart thermostats?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. For the most part, it is.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And who owns those? Do you? Or is that something that can go into rate base or not material?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, we own those. And by the way, they're not material to the overall investment opportunity, very small program.
Operator: And there are no further questions. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Skaggs for closing remarks.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thank you. And thanks for everyone participating this morning. Again, we appreciate your interest and your support. Have a good day. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen L. Kettering - Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs Robert C. Skaggs - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Interim Chief Executive Officer for Gas Distribution Segment
Analysts: Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2012 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. My name is Leanne, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would like to advise the parties that the conference is being recorded. And now I'd like to hand over to Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please go ahead.
Glen L. Kettering: Thank you, and good morning. On behalf of NiSource, I'd like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining us this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hulen, Managing Director of Investor Relations. As you know, the focus of today's call is to review our financial performance for the third quarter of 2012 and to provide a business update. We'll then open the call to your questions. At times during the call, we'll refer to the supplemental slides available on nisource.com. I'd like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on the call will be forward-looking. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks, Glen, and good morning, and thanks for joining us. Before diving into the details of NiSource's third quarter, we want to take a moment to extend our thoughts and sympathies to everyone affected by Hurricane Sandy. Our teams were on high alert during the storm, and aside from some minor disruptions, our operations and team members fared well. In fact, there are no major issues with our facilities to report. A big thank you to all of our teams for their focus on safety and to the emergency workers and first responders that braved the storm and are involved in the ongoing recovery efforts. And a special thank you to our crews from NIPSCO and Columbia Gas of Massachusetts that have mobilized to assist with the restoration efforts. And thank you to our financial stakeholders for understanding our decision to reschedule our earnings announcement from Tuesday to this morning. Now to the business at hand. Our agenda today is focused and straightforward with plenty of time for questions. We'll first touch on financial highlights from yet another strong quarter. As you'll see, our earnings continue to be on track with our 2012 outlook. We'll also cover the strong progress we've made across each of our business units, which demonstrates our team's continued execution on NiSource's well-established infrastructure, investment-driven growth strategy. And finally, we'll field your questions. Let's start with a few key takeaways, which you'll find on Slide 3 of the supplemental deck posted online this morning. If there's one theme for the quarter, and the year, for that matter, it's strong progress. Strong progress on our business plan and financial results, strong progress across each of our business units and strong progress on a robust capital investment program. As noted in this morning's release, NiSource's earnings are squarely in line with our 2002 -- 2012 guidance of $1.40 to $1.50 per share non-GAAP. Notably, our Gas Transmission and Storage team filed a comprehensive, near-unanimous customer settlement in support of its groundbreaking -- excuse the pun -- infrastructure modernization program. We also advanced our midstream and minerals game plan by virtue of a couple strategic arrangements with Hilcorp Energy in the heart of the liquids-rich Utica Shale play. In addition, we continue to execute on a broad array of utility infrastructure modernization and environmental investments across our markets. These investments are the foundation of our discipline, infrastructure-focused business strategy and drive sustainable earnings quarter-after-quarter, all the while delivering value for our customers, communities and other key stakeholders. For 2012, we expect these infrastructure investments to exceed $1.5 billion. And most of you who attended virtually or in person our September Investor Day know that we have an extremely deep inventory of value-adding infrastructure investment opportunities spanning the next 20-plus years and totaling $25 billion to $30 billion. On an annual basis, that opportunity will translate into a capital investment run rate of $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion. And last, but certainly not least, we have the financial foundation and demonstrated discipline to support this enhanced investment strategy. So with that backdrop, let's take a closer look at our third quarter results, starting with our financial progress on Slide 4. As you can see, NiSource delivered net operating earnings, non-GAAP, of almost $16 million, or $0.05 per share, for the 3 months ended September. That compares with about $33 million, or $0.11 per share, for the third quarter of 2011. Our operating earnings for the quarter decreased from about $142 million to approximately $130 million. It's important to note that these results reflect approximately $50 million in previously disclosed and anticipated costs associated with our pipeline modernization customer settlement. Again, even with this expense, we remain on track to deliver on our financial commitments for 2012. On a GAAP basis, our income from continuing operations for the quarter was about $20 million compared to about $36 million in 2011. Schedules 1 and 2 to our earnings release showed the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciling items. Let's turn now to our individual business unit results, starting first with the strong progress we've made at NiSource Gas Transmission & Storage or NGT&S highlighted on Slide 5. As I mentioned, the highlights of the quarter is the comprehensive and, I might add, unprecedented customer settlement filed with the FERC in early September. The settlement represents a key step forward in support of our pipeline modernization initiative, a long-term program that ultimately is expected to involve roughly $4 billion in investment to enhance the safety, reliability and flexibility of our Columbia Gas Transmission system. The agreement has an initial 5-year term covering investments placed into service during the 2013 through 2017 timeframe, with provisions for potential extensions. It provides an adjustment to base rates and a predictable annual cost recovery mechanism for our projected $300 million annual investment. Notably, the settlement is now ripe for action by the FERC, and the parties have asked the commission to grant its approval prior to December 1. Moving on. NGT&S's core operating earnings continued to be solid and benefited from a number of growth projects placed in service since last year, as well as the Columbia Gulf rate case, which was settled in November of 2011. Our NGT&S team also continues to develop and execute on infrastructure investment opportunities in existing and new markets, as well as midstream projects to serve the Utica and Marcellus Shale regions. Specifically, during the quarter, Millennium Pipeline received FERC approval to add more than 12,000 horsepower of compression in Orange County, New York. We'll fund nearly half of that partnership investment of about $43 million. Construction has started on the project with the targeted in-service date in the first quarter of 2013. We're also moving ahead on a couple of other significant projects that will help provide market access for new shale gas production. Our $200 million West Side Expansion project has binding precedent agreements in place and is on track for an FERC filing in the first half of 2013. That project is set for in-service in late 2014. And just last week, we announced that we have binding precedent agreements with customers of East Side Expansion project. That approximately $200 million project will add up to 300,000 dekatherms per day of capacity to meet increasing demand by moving Marcellus gas from Northern Pennsylvania to markets along the East Coast and Mid-Atlantic regions. We're targeting an in-service date in the third quarter of 2015. On the minerals and midstream front, we previously announced 2 strategic agreements with Hilcorp Energy for hydrocarbon and infrastructure investment in the heart of the liquids-rich portion of the Utica. Our 50-50 infrastructure JV with Hilcorp, called Pennant Midstream, will invest about $300 million in its first phase with in-service targeted during the second half of 2013. NiSource will construct and operate the facilities, contribute half of the capital required. Once construction of the first phase is complete, the system will provide about 400 million cubic feet per day of gathering capacity and approximately 200 million cubic feet per day of processing capabilities. I'd note that the first phase of the gathering system is anchored by Hilcorp's production and that the network is being engineered and built with expansion in mind. This includes additional processing capacity and pipeline facilities as producer demand in the area develops. Ultimately, the total Pennant investment opportunity could exceed $1 billion. A separate joint agreement with Hilcorp is focused on developing the hydrocarbon potential on approximately 100,000 combined acres in Northeast Ohio and Western Pennsylvania. NiSource will participate in the development of the acreage, owning both a working and overriding royalty interest with all acreage dedicated to the Pennant Midstream project. These interests could amount to over 5% of the combined acreage. Test wells are currently being drilled, and based on the results from those wells, a full drilling program will be launched in 2013. So to say the least, these joint arrangements are significant for NiSource. They provide near- and long-term earnings growth opportunities, primarily by means of core infrastructure investment, but also by capitalizing on our mineral interest position. They also provide a model for our remaining acreage position, as delineation, development and producer activity in the Utica region continues. Also in our Midstream business, work is continuing on the $150 million Big Pine Gathering System in Western Pennsylvania. This project provides customers with alternative outlets from Marcellus Shale production with transportation capacity of 425 million cubic feet per day and the flexibility to deliver to 3 interstate pipelines. Anchored by a long-term agreement with XTO Energy, this project is on budget and on schedule and will be fully in-service by early 2013. As a reminder, to help you track our many NGT&S projects, we've added a map and project slides -- slide in the appendix of our supplemental slides. Please take a look at Slide 9. Clearly, our NGT&S team continues to advance a broad array of initiatives to meet the needs of customers, assure continued system reliability and leverage our unparalleled strategic position in shale production regions. We anticipate investing $500 million to $700 million annually in this business going forward. Let's now shift to Indiana and our electric business, summarized on Slide 6. NIPSCO's quarter was solid and squarely in line with our plan. Operating earnings came in at about $78 million compared to about $73 million for the same period last year. Revenues were up about $27 million due to increased margins as a result of NIPSCO's 2011 electric rate case. With our new Executive Vice President and group CEO, Jim Stanley, now on board, the team notched significant wins in a variety of areas. First, NIPSCO received Indiana Commission approval to move forward with an FGD scrubber unit in our Michigan City plant. Construction of the unit will begin in 2013, with an investment of approximately $250 million. I note that construction of the FGD units at our Schahfer facility remain on schedule and on budget. All told, our environmental investments will approach $900 million over the next few years. NIPSCO also received FERC approval to move forward on 2 significant electric transmission enhancement projects. One, which we announced on our last quarterly call, is the 100-mile Reynolds to Hiple transmission project. It'll involve a total investment of about $300 million. The second project is a partnership with Pioneer LLC called Reynolds to Greentown project. The 50-50 partnership will invest about $330 million in this 66-mile line. Both projects are expected to be placed in-service during the latter part of the decade. The cost of these projects will go to all MISO customers, with only a small percentage recovered from NIPSCO's customers. Looking further ahead, the NIPSCO team will continue taking steps to improve reliability and spur a continued economic development in Northern Indiana. That effort will include modernization of our core electric system, the replacement of transformers, poles, lines and other vital equipment. And going forward, we expect to invest $400 million to $450 million annually in our NIPSCO Electric infrastructure. Let's turn now to our Gas Distribution Operations, or NGD, summarized on Slide 7. Our NGD team continues to deliver strong and steady results from its core business plan. That well-established strategy centers on aligning long-term infrastructure and enhancement programs with complementary customer programs and regulatory initiatives. For the quarter, NGD's net revenues were up about $13 million, primarily reflecting regulatory and infrastructure programs. Since the start of 2012, these programs have generated nearly $30 million in incremental revenues. On the regulatory front, just last night, we received an order from the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities for our base rate case. Although we're continuing to evaluate the full scope of the 500-page order, which will increase annual revenues by about $8 million, we believe the outcome is generally in line with our expectations. In Pennsylvania, our team recently filed a rate case with the commission. Consistent with Pennsylvania's recently enacted Act 11, the case reflects a fully projected test year and includes improved infrastructure investment recovery mechanisms. The case, which we expect to be resolved in the second half of 2013, proposes to increase annual revenues by approximately $77 million, largely driven by our significant, ongoing infrastructure investments in the commonwealth. Meanwhile, we continue to advance infrastructure enhancement programs, as well as a broad array of new customer programs in Ohio, Virginia and our other states. And a prospective scope of these programs continues to grow. In fact, as Joe Hamrock outlined at our September Investor Day, our long-term infrastructure replacement program opportunity at NGD could top $10 billion over the next 20-plus years. We expect that opportunity to translate into an investment run rate of between $600 million and $650 million annually at NGD. Before moving to your questions, let me briefly reiterate a few themes we shared at our recent Investor Day. I'd note that you can still take a look at the full presentation and review the webcast. Both are available in the Investor Relations section of nisource.com. First and foremost, we have a robust inventory of infrastructure-focused investment opportunities across each of our businesses. The total inventory amounts to $25 billion to $30 billion over the next couple of decades and supports a sustainable, annual capital investment of $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion going forward. Through those investments, we anticipate growing net operating earnings per share, non-GAAP, by an average of 5% to 7% per year on a long-term basis. We also plan to continue to provide an attractive and growing dividend, one that we expect to increase at 3% to 5% annually. And we're unconditionally committed to accomplishing all of this while maintaining our solid investment-grade credit ratings and strong liquidity. These commitments, coupled with the team's established track record of disciplined execution, continue to make NiSource a compelling investment proposition for all our financial stakeholders. As always, we'll communicate with you and our stakeholders in a transparent and timely manner through our analyst calls and news releases posted on nisource.com. Our next formal communications with the market is scheduled for mid-February, when we'll release our full 2012 -- full year 2012 earnings and provide a business update. Consistent with the practice followed by many of our peers, we'll issue our year-end earnings contemporaneously with our 10-K filing. At that time, we'll also outline our 2013 earnings guidance and capital investment plans. Thank you for participating this morning and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. Leanne, we can open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We already have a question waiting, and that comes on the line from Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Hilcorp. Did you -- I just kind of missed -- may have missed it. Did you say the opportunity, currently $300 million, could grow to $1 billion?
Robert C. Skaggs: That's right. We believe that the downstream infrastructure opportunity, assuming robust drilling and activity in that region in the Utica, could approach $1 billion for the entire partnership. So our share would be about $0.5 billion.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Can I have a sense of the timeframe?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. We think this is a 5-year, 7-year sort of proposition. Again, it's going to depend on the pace of drilling activity in the region.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And your third quarter report indicated some positive preliminary drilling results. Can you just elaborate?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, Hilcorp has been active in the area of interest. They drilled a number of test wells. They're looking at frac-ing approaches, tracking approaches. We don't have IP information at this point, but the initial results and tests indicate that we're in the sweet spot of the region.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Where is that exactly?
Robert C. Skaggs: It's a 4-county area, 2 counties in Ohio and 2 counties bordering in Pennsylvania.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman for Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: On the filing last month in Pennsylvania, Columbia Gas filing, would -- is there anything in the filing that's not consistent with Act 11? Or is this pretty much a -- I won't -- I guess it's not a formality, but certainly your expectations would be that everything would be approved. On that matter, is there something that's a little different?
Robert C. Skaggs: No. It's fully consistent with Act 11, but I'd make this key observation. We're the first out of the gate. So this is going to be the first case that the commission will consider under Act 11. So it will be, to a degree, precedent setting in breaking new ground in that respect.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then going to NIPSCO on the transmission. When you said FERC approved your joint venture line with Pioneer, the whole thing has been approved, not just your 50%. Is that correct? Am I misunderstanding that?
Robert C. Skaggs: That's correct.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then with respect to the transmission, is there anything on the horizon that -- additional projects with Pioneer or on your own in that transmission?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, the team, the electric transmission team in NIPSCO continues to do a lot of work with projects, in particular in consultation with MISO. So stay tuned for additional opportunities as the months and years unfold. We believe we certainly have the opportunity to increase the portfolio and the investment opportunity as we look at decongesting MISO and providing increased reliability and increased ability to move electrons from the West to the East.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And then finally, on your dividend policy, the 3% to 5% annually. Since -- it looks like your CapEx is running maybe a little ahead of what you outlined previously, which is obviously good if it's good projects. How will the Board look at that next year? Will they -- just because the CapEx is running higher, do you think they might be at the lower end of that dividend growth range? Or was that not an issue?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, let me put the policy in perspective. We've said that the payout ratio should be between 60% and 70%. This year, we're going to be right in the middle of that range, and going forward, we'd like to continue to be, give or take, well within in the range. So the Board's going to look at where we stand with regard to the payout ratio. They're going to look at our intention to consistently grow the dividend. And they're going to look at that 3% to 5% guideline that we provide. So they're going to take all those factors in along with where we stand on CapEx, where we stand with the credit rating agencies, and I think they're going to base their decision on those sorts of factors.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And that decision will be made midyear next year?
Robert C. Skaggs: More likely than not. Last year, we announced our dividend action at the Annual Meeting in May. And again, not speaking for the Board, but I believe that would tend to be the period we'd gravitate to.
Operator: We have no further questions waiting at this time. [Operator Instructions]
Robert C. Skaggs: All right, Leanne. And to the folks that have participated, we certainly appreciate your interest. Thanks for your support, and have a good weekend and a safe weekend. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the call for today. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen L. Kettering - Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs Robert C. Skaggs - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Interim Chief Executive Officer for Gas Distribution Segment
Analysts: Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to your Q2 2012 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. My name is Deluj, and I will be your operator today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs. Please proceed, sir.
Glen L. Kettering: Thank you, and good morning. On behalf of NiSource, I'd like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and CEO; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hulen, Managing Director of Investor Relations. The focus of today's call is to review our financial performance for the second quarter of this year and to provide a business update. We'll then open the call to your questions. At times during the call, we'll refer to the supplemental slides available on our website at nisource.com. I'd like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking and these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning those risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks, Glen. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Today's agenda is focused and brief with plenty of time for questions. We'll first review our second quarter earnings which at mid-year continue to be solid, sustainable and on track with our 2012 outlook. We'll then touch on key achievements across each of our business units. We'll next provide additional color on our Gas Transmission system modernization effort, as well as our significant midstream projects in the Utica and Marcellus. Shale regions, and then we'll open the line to your questions. Let's start with a few key second quarter takeaways, which you'll find on Slide 3 of the supplemental deck posted online this morning. As you can see, each of our 3 business units continues to deliver on a robust combination of infrastructure modernization, growth and regulatory initiatives that together, deliver significant benefits for our customers and solid value for our shareholders. Here are a few highlights. First and foremost, we advanced several key Gas Transmission and midstream initiatives. We also saw steady earnings growth from our ongoing, industry-leading system modernization and regulatory initiatives. To date, those efforts have focused primarily on our Gas Distribution business, but we're now expanding that scope to include our Gas Transmission system. During the quarter, we also took steps to reduce our financing costs and strengthen our financial foundation. This disciplined financial strategy provides us with flexibility to support our deep and growing inventory of earnings accretive capital investment opportunities. For 2012, those investment opportunities total over $1.4 billion. We also continued to build shareholder value when our board announced a 4%-plus annualized increase in NiSource's dividend. Great news for shareholders, particularly when coupled with our ongoing earnings growth. And finally, as I noted earlier, our team's continued strong performance enables us to confirm that halfway through the year, we're on pace to achieve our 2012 non-GAAP earnings guidance of $1.40 to $1.50 per share. So with that backdrop, let's take a closer look at our second quarter results starting with our financial highlights on Slide 4. As you can see, NiSource delivered net operating earnings non-GAAP of almost $67 million or $0.23 per share for the 3 months ended June 30. That compares with about $47 million or $0.17 per share for the second quarter of 2011. Our operating earnings for the quarter increased from about $164 million to over $202 million. On a GAAP basis, our income from continuing operations for the quarter was about $71 million compared to about $41 million in 2011. Schedules 1 and 2 to our earnings release shows the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation. Let's turn now to our individual business unit results starting with our NiSource Gas Transmission & Storage operations, highlighted on Slide 5. Needless to say, it was an extremely busy, productive quarter for CEO, Jimmy Staton and the entire NGT&S team, and that progress has continued into the third quarter. From a numbers perspective, NGT&S had a solid quarter, generating operating earnings of nearly $92 million compared to about $85 million for the same period last year. The primary revenue drivers were growth projects placed into service, as well as increased equity earnings for Millennium Pipeline. The team also continued to develop and execute infrastructure investment opportunities in existing and new markets including midstream projects to serve the Utica and Marcellus Shale regions. Most notably, we recently announced 2 expansive venturers with affiliates of Hilcorp Energy in the heart of the liquids-rich Eastern portion of the Utica. One arrangement is focused on developing midstream infrastructure and the other is focused on hydrocarbon development. Now prior to discussing the dimensions of the Hilcorp bills, I need to provide a caveat and make a pitch. The caveat is that because Hilcorp is fully engaged in the very competitive acreage acquisition mode, we simply can't provide extensive detail. However, this morning, we'll certainly provide meaningful highlights and a bit of color around the deal's key elements. And that leads to my pitch. I know that you're eager for more information on our midstream progress along with our other growth initiatives. I ask you to please stay tuned. We're looking forward to sharing additional details, un-peeling the onion, if you will, at our upcoming investor day that will be on September 12 in New York City, with an online simulcast. So now back to Hilcorp. Hilcorp is one of the nation's leading independent oil and gas producers with an outstanding track record of operational success including deep experience in shale development and with notable financial strength. For us, an absolutely great fit. Our infrastructure JV called Pennant Midstream will invest about $300 million in its first phase within service during the second half of 2013. In the 50-50 partnership, NiSource will construct and operate the facilities and contribute half of the required capital. Once construction of the first phase is complete, the system will provide about 400 million cubic feet per day of gathering capacity and approximately 200 million cubic feet per day of processing capabilities. I note that although the first phase of the gathering system is anchored by Hilcorp's production, the network is being engineered and built with expansion in mind. This includes additional processing capacity and pipeline facilities as producer demand in the area evolves. To that point, we're actively marketing that capacity. Ultimately, we expect the total tenant investment opportunity could easily exceed $1 billion. Directly tied to the infrastructure JV is a separate joint arrangement with Hilcorp, focused on developing their hydrocarbon potential on a significant combined acreage position in the Utica. NiSource contributed roughly 14,000 acres of mineral rights in northeast Ohio. In return, we're receiving upfront cash and the carried interest to help fund our interest in the total combined acreage position. In effect, the arrangement provides for a self-funding, nonoperating working production interest, plus royalties. All told, these interests could amount to over 5% of the combined acreage plus the joint arrangement provides for a multiyear drilling program that's already underway, with significant base case production building in 2013. And last, but perhaps the most compelling strategic value as suggested moment ago, the entire multi-county area of mutual [ph] interest is dedicated to the Pennant infrastructure JV. So to say the least, both of these agreements are significant for NiSource. They provide near- and long-term earnings growth opportunities via core infrastructure investment as well as leverage our strategic mineral interests. They also provide a model of what we hope to accomplish across our remaining acreage position as delineation [ph], development and producer activity in the Utica region continues. One final midstream update. Work is continuing on the $150 million Big Pine Gathering System in Western Pennsylvania. Anchored by a long-term agreement with XTO energy, this project is expected to be in service this December. In addition to our midstream progress, NGT&S continues to build an inventory of customer focus expansion opportunities along our existing system. For example, Columbia Gas Transmission and Columbia Gulf Transmission are moving forward with our West Side expansion project, which will help address changing supply and market demands by reversing a part of our system. The change will enable us to transport about 500,000 dekatherms per day of Marcellus production, originating in Southwest Pennsylvania and North Central West Virginia to Gulf Coast markets. That's an approximately $200 million project with in-service targeted for late 2014. Development is also continuing on our East Side expansion project, which I mentioned on the first quarter call. That project would also help address changing supply and demand dynamics in the highly competitive and capacity-constrained Eastern markets. As a reminder, to help you track these projects, we have a map and project slide on Page 9 of the Appendix in our supplemental slides. Before moving to our other business units, one final update, that's progress on the Columbia Gas Transmission modernization program. As you know, we've been engaged in a series of discussions with our customers regarding a comprehensive, long-term infrastructure modernization program. Similar to the programs at our gas utilities, we view this as a win-win from a customer and public policy standpoint. It'll enhance the reliability and flexibility of our pipeline system and ensure continued safe and reliable service. It'll also generate jobs, fuel economic growth and position our system well in advance for anticipated regulatory requirements. In total, we expect the plan could involve an investment of about $4 billion over a 10- to 15-year period. Our discussions with customers are covered by nondisclosure agreements, so I can't say much at this time other than they are advancing, and we hope to have news to share with you by Investor Day. To note, on prior calls, our goal is to reach a compressive agreement with our customers and other stakeholders and submit it to the FERC for approval by year's end. So as you can see, our Gas Transmission Storage team continues to aggressively advance a broad array of initiatives to enhance customer service, assure continued system reliability, and leverage our unparalleled strategic position in shale production regions. Let's now shift to Indiana and our Electric business as summarized on Slide 6. Our NIPSCO electric team is celebrating its 100th anniversary this year by executing on a historic level of environmental investment, customer focus, and community and economic development. NIPSCO's quarter was solid and squarely in line with our plan. Operating earnings came in at about $60 million compared to about $38 million for the same period last year. Revenues were up about $30 million due to increased margins as a result of regulatory initiatives and the expiration of several large customer contracts, now subject to current rates [ph]. Operating expenses increased about $8 million largely due to higher depreciation of cost associated with our Sugar Creek generating station that were deferred prior to the resolution of our electric brake case [ph]. During the recent wave of sustained high temperatures and severe southern storms, NIPSCO's operating electric infrastructure has performed exceptionally well. In fact, the company reached an all-time peak load in late June, exceeding 3,700 megawatts. One note on those summer storms, although we've certainly had our share, NIPSCO's operations and customer service teams have responded with solid efficiency, safety and concern for our customers. We've also had our share of restoration in storm repair costs, but those costs are within expectations and are not expected to significantly impact this year's earnings, tremendous work by our team. On the customer front, NIPSCO requested Indiana commission approval of the Green Power Rate pilot program. The program would allow customers to designate a portion or all of their monthly electric usage to power generated by renewable energy sources. And of course, cornerstone of NIPSCO's business agenda is executing in our $500 million investment in new scrubber equipment at our Schahfer Generating Station. That project, which remains fully on track is part of $850 million in environmental investments that we'll make in NIPSCO through 2018. A footnote, we're expecting Indiana commission approval of a separate scrubber project at our Michigan City generating station within a matter of months. On another positive note, we have an encouraging update on NIPSCO's 100-mile 340 KV transmission project. On July 19, we received FERC approval for construction rate incentives and cost protections. As we mentioned previously, this project is part of MISO's broad-ranging system improvement initiative and scheduled to be in service during the latter part of the decade. Before moving to our Gas Distribution business, I want to note that several NIPSCO employees including CEO, Jimmy Staton, will be ringing the closing bell at the New York Stock Exchange tomorrow to commemorate NIPSCO's 100th anniversary and our 50th year listed on the exchange, it's another great opportunity to recognize the proud history and incredible progress made by our team. Let's now turn to our Gas Distribution Operations discussed on Slide 7. Our Gas Distribution team led by our new group CEO, Joe Hamrock, continues to deliver strong steady and predictable results from our well-established strategy of lining long-term infrastructure enhancement programs with complementary customer programs and rate design initiatives. For the quarter, Gas Distribution net revenues were up $8 million, primarily reflecting regulatory and infrastructure programs. Going forward, the team continues to execute on our deep inventory of infrastructure enhancement projects, spanning nearly all our Gas Distribution service territory. These initiatives are part of a long-term investment program that totals at least $4 billion, and frankly, there could be even greater investment opportunities going forward. Again, stay tuned for our September 12 Investor Day. On the regulatory front, we remain on track with the Columbia Gas of Massachusetts base rate case, which scheduled for decision in late October. That case is designed to support the company's infrastructure modernization and replacement plans with timely investment recovery. Columbia Gas Pennsylvania also is on track to follow rate case later this quarter to reflect the new Pennsylvania Act 11 regulatory enhancements that'll support our well-established infrastructure modernization program in the commonwealth. And on the legislative front, Columbia Gas Virginia played a key role in advancing that state's natural gas infrastructure expansion for economic development or the need legislation, which also provides gas utilities to defer costs associated with infrastructure expansion for recovery for future rate cases. So across the board our gas distribution companies continue to deliver an innovative programs to customers and solid financial performance for shareholders. Before moving to your questions, let me briefly touch on the status of our core financial commitments and solid financial profile. As I noted earlier, NiSource remains on track to deliver net operating earnings in line with our full-year outlook of $1.40 to $1.50 per share. We're also staying true to our disciplined financial approach and our commitment to maintaining a solid investment-grade credit rate. During the quarter, we took a number of actions to reduce borrowing costs and support our robust capital investment program. This included extending our $1.5 billion revolving credit agreement through 2017, completing a $250 million bank term loan and issuing $750 million in long-term debt at historically attractive rates. We also remain on track to draw on our 210 -- 2010 $400 million forward equity sale in September. So to close out, the NiSource team is continuing to execute on a proven and promising business strategy. That strategy provides for near term's earnings growth, as well as a broad and deep portfolio of long-term investment opportunity. Add to that our commitment to a solid investment-grade financial foundation providing flexibility to fund our infrastructure investment program. And top it off with a secure, attractive and growing dividend and a recent track record of providing industry-leading total shareholder return. That's a compelling investment proposition in anyone's book. As we open the line to questions, I want to plug one more time our Investor Day on September 12 in New York City. At the meeting and via Internet simulcast, we'll share additional updates and details on our growth plans. And as always, we'll communicate with you and all our stakeholders in a transparent and timely manner through our analyst calls and news releases posted on nisource.com. Thank you for participating today, and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. Deluj, let's now open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first question comes from the line of Stephen Maresca of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just hoping maybe from a bigger picture on the joint venture. Can you discuss at all any sort of commodity sensitivity that you would have around some of these joint venture arrangements or is that something that you can't talk about right now?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, again in the spirit of big picture, 50,000 feet, the exposure to commodity is nil if any [ph]. On the infrastructure side, we have the dedication of the entire multi-county area of interest. So that's going to be supported by that, that drilling program and production. It's not a percentage of proceeds or anything like that. It's going to be fee-based. Our working interest, royalty interest, again at 50,000 feet, is relatively small on the big scheme of things.
Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And you said you contributed on the developing of the hydrocarbon potential. You're contributing 14,000 acres. So how much more acreage do you have to contribute? Could you replicate this or is that other acreage on [indiscernible] to go towards something with Hilcorp?
Robert C. Skaggs: No, the other acreage is standalone. It's not dedicated or pledged or contracted to Hilcorp. So in the western portion of the Utica window, that acreage is NiSource's. We've mentioned in the past that we're waiting for that area to be delineated, further defined -- so while that activity that unfolds, we continue to hold that acreage.
Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then on the Westside, the backhaul that you're doing, is there anything that needs to be done to your system? And do you see more of this happening as the Marcellus grows?
Robert C. Skaggs: Again, in the big scheme of things, the engineering is very, very manageable. It's relatively modest, for the entire project, both the Columbia Gas Transmission work and the Columbia Gulf work, the total is roughly $200 million. The work on Columbia Gulf is for the most part compressor station salving[ph]. And I'd add it's not a backhaul per se on Columbia Gulf. We're going to render one of our 3 Columbia Gulf legs bidirectional. So one leg would become fully bidirectional and so this gas would, in fact, move south. Your other -- the other proportion to your question, could we see more of this occurring and the answer would be yes. That's a possibility. First things first, we'll proceed with this project that was warmly received -- well-received by the marketplace, and we'll look at the other 2 legs as interest develops.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just on the Hilcorp, you mentioned $1 billion potential. Kind of how many years do you see that unfolding over or is that going to be something that we need to wait for September 12 for?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well I think it's sooner rather than later. As suggested in my prepared comments, the agreement does include a drilling program, outlines the drilling program. We'd say that the drilling program is aggressive. Hilcorp has a well-established record of going at this at a pretty good clip and I think if you look at their track record in the Southwest, the Eagle Ford for instance, you'll see a production track that looks pretty aggressive, so we see this occurring over the next 5 years or so --
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Great. And you kind of broke up on the call, I'm sorry, but you said with regards to the modernization projects, you expected to file something by year-end. Could you just kind of -- I think I missed the details there. Sorry.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, there were a lot of details because we are working under confidentiality agreements, nondisclosure agreements with the customers. But we've said, gosh, Paul, for now the better part of a year that our game plan was to deal with this in 2012, and our hope was to have FERC action approval of an arrangement by year-end 2012.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And currently, the rate structure on the pipes is a postage stamp tariff as opposed to a pancake, is that correct?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well Columbia Gas Transmission and modernization applies to Columbia Gas Transmission. So it's the market area grid pipeline. And you're correct, that rate on Columbia Gas Transmission is a postage stamp.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: You mentioned something before the Indiana commission with regards to Michigan City environmental. Would that be incremental to the $850 million of environmental CapEx you've outlined before?
Robert C. Skaggs: It would be included in the $850 million.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan of Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's Faisel from Citigroup. I just wanted to clarify something in your prepared remarks on the hydrocarbon joint venture. I think you said you have -- the way this joint venture works is that you've contributed your 15,000 acres and you have a carried drilling interest and a non- -- and after this, you have a nonoperated 5% working interest in the 15,000-roughly acres. Is that correct?
Robert C. Skaggs: No. The acreage contributed is roughly 14,000 acres. We're going to combine that with acreage that Hilcorp has and acreage that Hilcorp is acquiring in an area of mutual interest. For the entire combined Hilcorp-NiSource acreage, we'll have a 5% working interest, plus an overriding royalty interest in the entire combined acreage position.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And all you had to do is contribute this 14,000 acres to get this working interest in the entire mutual area?
Robert C. Skaggs: Effectively, that's how the arrangement's structured.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And you already received the cash on this deal, I take it?
Robert C. Skaggs: We will receive -- in return for the contribution, we'll receive a portion in cash upfront. We'll receive the other portion as a working carry, if you will, carried interest. And again, I would remind you just in the spirit of clarity, the entire combined acreage, the mutual area of interest, is then dedicated to the Pennant infrastructure joint venture.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. Okay, understood. And then on the Big Pine Gathering System, the 425 million cubic feet per day, how does that ramp up? Is that kind of slowly ramped up over time or is that kind of immediately at 425 million cubic feet per day?
Robert C. Skaggs: It ramps and the key to the ramp is XTO's drilling program. So at the outset, they are the primary driver for the ramp up and throughput. We're in the process of marketing additional capacity on Big Pine similar when we need [ph] to place the capacity. And then those producers, like XTO, need to execute on their drilling program.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then on the pipeline side also, Columbia Gulf, looks like volumes were down about 10% over last year. Can you kind of describe what's going on over there?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, second quarter -- and just to remind you that the second quarter is really a shoulder-off quarter for us and so I wouldn't read too much into the volumes on Columbia golf or for that matter anywhere.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. It's not that there's some sort of volume [indiscernible] from the Gulf Coast?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Yes. I wouldn't read that into it.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And last question about NIPSCO. As you put these covers in place, how does that change your coal buying sort of volumes. I mean are you going to shift more to the Illinois Basin or how is that going to shift your coal purchasing sort of behavior going into the...
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, at the margin we'll be able to -- at the margin we'll be in a position to buy a bit more of Illinois basin coal, but I would say -- and again, very macro, very 50,000 feet - it's not going to radically change our buying patterns.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst of BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just a few cleanup questions, maybe if I could and the first on the Pennant JV and recognizing we're kind of [ph] marketing here, but is it possible to say how much of the capacity is going to sort of the Hilcorp anchor [ph]. I'm just trying to figure out how much additional you guys can re-market, meaning, how much more icing might there be?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, I still don't want to go over my skews [ph] at the moment on that, Carl. Again, stay tuned on the 12th and hopefully [Audio Gap] we'll be in a position to give you a little bit better sense on how much, to would say, additional icing there might be.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, fair enough. And the second question, I apologize Bob if you said this in the prepared commentary, but on the West Side expansion, is that something that is -- are those volumes long-term contracted or is this something that we should think of as basically addition to rate base and eventually you'll go to a rate filing on those?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, there's a long-term arrangement. So the investment is supported by long-term agreements with shippers. So from our perspective, it's as long-term and as firm as any other core system breadth [ph] project that we deal with.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, and I appreciate the clarification. And then lastly, if I could, just trying to get a little bit more understanding of this long-term NIPSCO transmission project, the $270 million transmission project. Is this something that we should think of as perhaps being 5 to 7 years in the making as far as $25 million, $50 million spend or is this something that once it's engineered and gets going we'll just have the spend all happening in 2016, 2017 for instance?
Robert C. Skaggs: The bulk of the spend would be back ended. We will be spending money for engineering, right-away work, that sort of thing, but the bulk of the dollars would in fact be in the time period you mentioned. Again, 100 miles, about $270 million is the total investment in the project.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman of Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: On the Electric transmission project, you have MISO approval, you have FERC approval, what is the next milestone we should be looking for?
Robert C. Skaggs: I think that's about it in terms of what we would call regulatory milestones. Again, I mentioned we have a lot of work to do on the local front for permits, right of ways, engineering, that sort of thing, but the key regulatory steps have been taken.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the next question comes from the line of James Dobson of Wunderlich Securities.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Three questions if I can. First starting off on -- there we go. On the acreage, so the piece in addition to the 14,000 you've committed to the Hilcorp JV. I know some of that's still being sured up and understood. But as we think about that going forward, and understanding you'll have a lot more on this on the 12th, should we think about another process that would bring about potentially another JV like Hilcorp? Should we think about Hilcorp as sort of being in the driver's seat - that you'd sort of like to, though you're not contractually obligated to, commit acreage to another agreement with them? Just maybe add a little color around this for how we should be thinking about that going forward?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well I think going forward we think about our acreage in the western portion of the Utica, we hope that the structure that we've developed -- we think could be a model, could be a model, could be a template in terms of counter parties and direction and that sort of thing. Way, way, way too early to opine [ph] on that, Jay. And in fact, what I would go back to is, we've got to find out whether there is anything over there on the west that's commercial. That's step one. So we're continuing to watch very closely Devon and other folks that are reportedly drilling test wells in that portion of the world.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. Switching then to the pipeline modernization just sort of harkening back to the last couple of calls. You historically have had sort of a balance, we're talking to our customers and if that fails, we'll file something at FERC. And I'm trying to probably parse your words more than you'd like me to, and respecting that you have NDAs in this process, but it sounds like you're a little more optimistic you're going to be able to get a settlement with customers. Is that a fair read of sort of the state of play understanding that we have no solution yet so there is no -- nothing guaranteed?
Robert C. Skaggs: The discussions have been constructive, ongoing, and stay tuned.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: But you wouldn't say that the absence -- because I think if I sort of listened carefully and I did, you didn't actually bring up the idea of just filing something at FERC and the absence of customer agreement?
Robert C. Skaggs: No, I just -- you're absolutely correct. I didn't mention that. That continues to be the option, the Plan B, if discussions with customers don't cross the finish line.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then lastly just on the earnings guidance, if I'm doing the math right, you're at about $1.42 trailing 12 months. So should we think of you sort of now sort of looking towards the higher end of guidance and sort of if not, what am I missing in the second half of this year that maybe isn't obvious?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well I think you've hit the nail on the head. We still have half of the year to go. And so we've got a lot of initiatives underway as we've noted. We're still in the midst of the summer season that can continue to bring storm -- storm restoration challenges. So at this point, I think the most prudent realistic view is we're between $1.40 and $1.50.
Operator: We do have another question from the line of Faisal Khan of Citigroup. I'm sorry, we're getting no response from Mr. Khan. I will now hand back to Mr. Bob Skaggs for any closing remarks.
Robert C. Skaggs: All right. Deluj thank you so much, and again to everyone that's participated on the call, we appreciate your interest, your support. And to everyone, we look forward to seeing you on September 12, either in person or virtually. So thanks, have a good day. Appreciate your interest. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for today's participation. You may now disconnect. Enjoy your day. Thank you.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen L. Kettering - Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs Robert C. Skaggs - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Interim Chief Executive Officer for Gas Distribution Segment Stephen P. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. John Edwards - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Yves Siegel - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2002 -- 2012 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. My name is Grant, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed.
Glen L. Kettering: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of NiSource, I'd like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hulen, Managing Director of Investor Relations. The focus of today's call is to review our financial performance for the first quarter of 2012 and to provide a business update. We'll then open the call to your questions. At times during the call, we'll refer to the supplemental slides available on our website at nisource.com. I'd like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this call will be forward-looking and those statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. And now, I'll turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks, Glen, and good morning, and thanks for joining us. Our agenda today will be crisp to leave plenty of time for questions. So we'll review our first quarter earnings which continue to be solid, sustainable and on track with our 2012 outlook. In the process, we'll touch on key achievements and initiatives in each of our business units, progress demonstrating the continued strength of our well established investment-driven growth strategy. And finally, before opening the line to questions, I'll touch again on our core financial commitments to investment-grade credit, long-term earnings growth and a strong, attractive and growing dividend. Let's start with the first quarter highlights on Slide 3 in the supplemental deck. As our earnings report reflects our NiSource teams are continuing to build on the positive momentum we generated in 2011. We delivered first quarter results squarely in line with our plan, continued earnings growth from robust regulatory, modernization and expansion initiatives and a solid start to our record $1.4 billion capital investment program. All in all, the NiSource team continued to demonstrate its commitment, focus and solid execution during the first quarter. In fact, I believe, we're well on our way towards upping our game in 2012 as we generate even greater value for our customers, investors and other key stakeholders. With that backdrop, let's take a look at our first quarter results starting with our financial highlights on Slide 4. As you can see, we delivered net operating earnings non-GAAP of about $215 million or $0.76 per share for the 3 months ended March 31. That compares with about $207 million or $0.74 per share for the first quarter of 2011. Our operating earnings for the quarter grew from about $402 million to more than $435 million compared to the same period in 2011. As I noted earlier, these results are squarely in line with our 2012 earnings outlook. On a GAAP basis, our net income for the quarter was about $194 million. Schedules 1 and 2 to our earnings release show the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciling items, the most significant of which was weather. Let's now turn to our individual business unit results starting with our NiSource Gas Transmission & Storage, or NGT&S, operations highlighted on Slide 5. At NGT&S, CEO Jimmy Staton and his team have truly hit the ground sprinting in 2012. They are developing and deploying a robust, comprehensive strategy for modernizing our system, meeting customer needs and maximizing the value of our extensive pipeline and storage assets, and that includes our very attractive position in the Marcellus and Utica production regions. From a financial perspective, NGT&S grew operating earnings to about $139 million during the first quarter compared to about $118 million for the same period in 2011. Net revenues were up about $17 million, driven by a number of growth projects at NGT&S, as well as the impact of new rates under Columbia Gulf base rate settlement that took effect in May 2011. As you know, shale gas development and midstream opportunities are a key focus for our team. One important 2012 project on that front is our midstream services, Big Pine gathering system. Anchored by a long-term agreement with XTO Energy, this 70-mile, $150 million project in western Pennsylvania will offer an initial capacity of 425 million cubic feet per day with interconnections to multiple interstate pipelines. In-service for that project is this December. Our midstream team also is pursuing opportunities in the liquids-rich portion of the Utica play in eastern Ohio. These prospects include proposals to provide gathering services, as well as cryogenic processing. In addition, on our last quarterly call, I mentioned that we were in discussions with a number of parties regarding possible approaches and arrangements to optimize the value of our Utica acreage position. By way of an update, I'm pleased to report that we're now in advanced discussions with an individual producer counterparty regarding the joint venture in this area, which would include significant downstream infrastructure investment opportunities. We hope to be in a position to announce further details regarding this exciting opportunity within the next month or so. NGT&S also continues to successfully pursue expansion opportunities along our existing pipeline systems. The $220 million West Side expansion project will transport Marcellus production, originating in southwestern Pennsylvania and north central West Virginia to Gulf Coast markets, leveraging our Columbia Gulf pipeline. Building long-term -- binding long-term precedent agreements have been signed with 2 shippers. Meanwhile, our East Side expansion project will connect about 500,000 dekatherms per day of northern Pennsylvania Marcellus production with growing mid-Atlantic markets. Negotiations with customers for binding transportation agreements are currently underway. Both of these expansion projects have proposed in-service dates of late 2014. Another significant Columbia Gas Transmission project took a step forward in March, with FERC approval to construct facilities to serve Virginia Electric and Power Company's 1,300 megawatt generation facility under construction in Warren County, Virginia. Our $35 million project will provide up to 250,000 dekatherms per day of long-term firm transportation starting in mid-2014. To help better accentuate the various investments we're making across NGT&S, we've added a new map and projects slides in the appendix of our supplemental slides. That graphic and information is shown on Slide 9. I'd urge you to take a close look. As I noted earlier, significant focus for our team is system modernization. And during the first quarter, NGT&S continued a series of discussions with our customers for a comprehensive, long-term infrastructure modernization program. Similar to the programs at our gas utilities, this effort will enhance the reliability and flexibility of our pipeline system and ensure continued safe and reliable service. It'll also generate jobs, fuel economic growth and position the company to meet anticipated regulatory requirements. In total, we expect the plan could involve an investment of about $4 billion over a 10- to 15-year period. Our target is to reach comprehensive agreement with our customers and other stakeholders and submit it to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for approval, which we would hope to receive by year's end. In the event this collaborative approach doesn't bear fruit, we nonetheless remain committed to the program and would avail ourselves of the conventional rate case process to recover the costs associated with our investments in a timely fashion. This focus on modernization at NGT&S and across NiSource is being recognized. NiSource was front and center on April 20 when U.S. Secretary of Transportation, Ray LaHood, recognized NiSource for its pipeline infrastructure modernization and replacement investment at a press conference in Pittsburgh. During the event, Secretary LaHood strongly endorsed NiSource's significant long-term commitment to energy infrastructure modernization, and the Secretary also announced DOT's commitment to coordinate with other government entities to expedite the regulatory and approval processes in connection with our infrastructure modernization program. Across NiSource, we're committed to being a leader in enhancing America's core energy infrastructure. These investments help ensure continued reliable and efficient energy delivery, provide a foundation for job creation and economic growth across our service territory. We welcome the DOT's support in facilitating the efficient, timely permitting and regulatory review of our modernization programs, and we look forward to working together to get the job done. As you can see, our NGT&S team has a diverse mix of new and ongoing projects designed to enhance the long-term value of our assets. Through its supply and market-driven growth, as well as our collaborative approach to system modernization, our team is generating long-term customer benefits and ongoing rate base and earnings growth. Let's now shift to Indiana in our Electric business as summarized on Slide 6. Our NIPSCO Electric team is advancing an impressive array of initiatives to improve customer service and reliability and to enhance northwest Indiana's environmental and economic sustainability. Earnings from our electric business were solid and squarely on top of our plan for the quarter with operating earnings of about $48.5 million compared with about $49 million for the same period last year. Revenues were up about $29 million due to increased margins, while operating expenses increased about the same amount, largely due to higher employee and administrative expenses, planned generation outage costs and MISO fees that are now included in rates. The cornerstone of NIPSCO's 2012 business agenda is executing on significant environmental investments at our coal-fired generation facilities. I'm pleased to note that those investments are on plan, including a $500 million investment in new scrubbers at our Schahfer Generating Station. The Schahfer project is the largest in NIPSCO's history and part of a nearly $850 million in new environmental investment at the company over the next 6 to 8 years. NIPSCO also continued to strengthen its management ranks in the first quarter with the appointment of Kathleen O'Leary to the role of President. Kathleen, who is based in Indianapolis, reports to NIPSCO's CEO, Jimmy Staton, and will lead our regulatory and governmental strategies, economic development and stakeholder engagement efforts. Kathleen brings tremendous industry knowledge and leadership perspective to this key role. On the customer service front, NIPSCO continue to introduce new offerings with the launch of its IN-Charge Electric Vehicle Program. The program provides a credit for residential electric customers to offset the cost of home-based electric vehicle charging systems. The pilot program also provides free overnight vehicle charging. The team's laser-like focus on customer service is paying off. As I noted on our last earnings call, NIPSCO continues to improve its J.D. Power ratings. Based on the most recent wave of residential gas customers, NIPSCO remains ahead of the Midwest average for overall customer satisfaction and similar improvements have been made in the electric survey. Again, great work at NIPSCO, as the team continuously improves customer service and reliability, while investing in long-term economic and environmental sustainability across our Indiana service territory. Let's now turn to our Gas Distribution group discussed on Slide 7. Our NiSource Gas Distribution company has continued to deliver strong results from a core strategy of aligning long-term infrastructure replacement and enhancement programs with complementary, customer programs and rate design initiatives. For the quarter, Gas Distribution operating earnings increased to about $247 million compared to $237 million during the first quarter of 2010. Net revenues were up about $11 million, primarily reflecting regulatory and infrastructure programs. Operating expenses were up about $2 million due to increased depreciation driven by our elevated capital spend. On the leadership front, I'm pleased to welcome Joe Hamrock to our team as Executive Vice President and Group CEO of Gas Distribution. Joe brings strong senior leadership experience to an already solid NGD management team. Joe and the team are executing on infrastructure projects that span our entire gas distribution service territory. These initiatives are part of a $4 billion-plus long-term investment program and when combined with complementary customer programs and regulatory treatment, they contributed to NGD's solid performance during the first quarter. In Pennsylvania, the general assembly approved favorable legislation that supports our ongoing infrastructure modernization programs in the Commonwealth. The law authorizes the PUC to approve a distribution system improvement charge. The law also allows Pennsylvania utilities to base their rates on a forecasted test year, which allows for more timely recovery of infrastructure investments. On the regulatory filing front, Columbia Gas of Massachusetts filed a base rate case with the Massachusetts DPU in mid-April. The case seeks increased revenues of about $29 million to support the company's expanded infrastructure, modernization and replacement plans and proposes to improve the timeliness of our investment recovery. We expect a decision on that case in late October. So across the board, our Gas Distribution company has continue to deliver innovating programs to customers and generate solid financial performance for shareholders. Before wrapping up, I'd like to take a moment to reaffirm our 2012 earnings guidance and reiterate our core financial commitments. As I noted earlier, NiSource remains on track to deliver net operating earnings in line with our full year outlook, which is $1.40 to $1.50 per share non-GAAP. We're also proceeding with our robust and record $1.4 billion capital investment program. As I noted during our 2011 year-end earnings call, that enhanced capital investment plan reflects NiSource's broad and deepening inventory of accretive value-adding growth, modernization and environmental projects. We also continue to maintain our core financial commitments, including stable investment-grade credit ratings and a secure, attractive, growing dividend. On the credit rating front, during the first quarter, Standard & Poor's reaffirmed our BBB- stable credit rating that followed comparable action by Moody's and Fitch in the fourth quarter of 2011. So to conclude as our first quarter report reflects the NiSource team is continuing to execute on our plan to deliver collaborative regulatory and commercial solutions, while making disciplined investments that will grow earnings on a sustainable basis. With our Board of Directors' full support and ever-increasing buy-in from our key stakeholders, I'm convinced that we have a compelling plan as well as the necessary resources and capabilities to deliver on our commitments and grow earnings north of 5% on a long-term sustainable basis. As always, we'll communicate with you and all of our stakeholders in a transparent and timely manner through our analyst calls and news releases posted on nisource.com. Thank you for participating today and for your ongoing interest in and support of NiSource. Let's now open the call to questions. Grant?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: It looks like the West Side project is a go. So that's $220 million of capital that we're kind of taking up incrementally on this call, right?
Robert C. Skaggs: That's correct. In-service, late 2014, Paul.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And I know it's early but can we expect the East Side project to be a similar capital magnitude?
Robert C. Skaggs: It'll be in that area code. We're sizing the project as we talk with potential counterparties and there's a possibility that it could come in north of that number.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And it sounds like you're pretty deep in discussions with your JV partner. There's one player in the Utica who's been in the news lately for not good reasons. Can you comment as to whether that could be a partner?
Robert C. Skaggs: It's -- that is not the counterparty that we're working with. We are working with someone that is widely recognized, widely respected. And I believe that you will see that counterparty quite well.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Great. And then lastly, what's your latest expectation of when you'll tap your forward equity sale?
Stephen P. Smith: We're looking to do that in the second half of the year, Paul. So we issued that in September of 2010, so we will tap that before that date.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Before September '12?
Stephen P. Smith: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Maresca from Morgan Stanley.
Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the potential project in Utica, liquids-rich portion of Utica. So I guess there's one counterparty you're working with, is it something where you're looking or would potentially get a long-term commitment and can talk about sort of types of return you would potentially see on the project? And the orientation of revenues, is it going to be more fee-based or is it something where you'd be willing to take a little bit of commodity exposure?
Robert C. Skaggs: Just to maybe begin at the back end of your questions. It would certainly be fee-based. The construction that we anticipate would be supported by a dedication of upwards of 100,000 acres. The investment would be made over a period of time as the production ramps up. The returns -- Steve just gave me a cue here on the returns. You may recall that we've talked between 12% and 15% pretax ROIC sorts of hurdle rates. And again, we would anticipate that this project will be consistent with that return profile.
Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And generally, a little color on how you see the landscape right now in that region in terms of competitiveness for projects, for labor, for materials?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. I would say that we still see an elevated level of activity throughout that wet window of the Utica. We also see a very competitive landscape in that area. We feel like our competitive edge is the acreage position that we bring to the table in the wet portion, as well as our pipeline right of way position in the area. For contractors, suppliers and the like, it too is competitive, but we've not seen what I would characterize as unreasonable spikes in costs.
Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of financing this, would you anticipate any other additional financing needs other than what capacity you have on -- for liquidity and obviously the forward equity sale?
Robert C. Skaggs: We feel like that, that will hold us for the foreseeable period.
Stephen P. Smith: Yes, and we're also planning to do a $500 million debt issuance in the latter half of 2012, which we spoke of on our annual call, February 1. So with that, the $500 million long-term debt issuance and the equity forward, we're in good shape.
Robert C. Skaggs: And Steve, you -- just to round out that answer, you may want to also mention that we do have maturities that get at the end of this year and early next year, so...
Stephen P. Smith: Right, we have a $315 million maturity in November and approximately $480 million maturity in February of 2013. So with the $500 million long-term debt issuance in the second half of the year, the equity draw, which we spoke of earlier, by September of 2012 and the residual benefits of bonus depreciation will be in good shape from a financing perspective.
Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And final on this, would you expect to be issuing a press release upon finding? And so when -- is that how we'll find out about this?
Robert C. Skaggs: That's correct.
Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Last question from me, just update on customer discussions for the modernization project, how the discussions are going? What customers are saying and any sort of color there? And that's it for me.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. I would just repeat what I said in the prepared remarks, we're fully engaged in a series of discussions with a large stakeholder group. Those discussions are ongoing. As you can appreciate, I'm not in a position to provide color on those discussions. These are confidential negotiations, it's a process. We appreciate all the stakeholders' involvement, their good faith efforts to reach an agreement. So at this point, all I can talk to is process, it's ongoing. And again, the hope would be that we'd be in a position to file an agreement with the FERC by midyear, and we'd have FERC approval by year's end.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carl Kirst from BMO Capital Markets.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Actually, just trying to follow-up on that last question, Bob. I understand there's very limited what you can say sort of on that timeline, and you just sort of alluded to a midyear filing. And I guess we're thinking June 30 here, which is not that far away. And so, as far as speaking to the process, is this something where you could say you might be in fairly advanced stages or is it still really even too soon to kind of call that?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, I'd say the process is ongoing, Carl. We began the exchanges late last year. They've continued on a steady schedule through the first quarter and the process continues.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I appreciate that. And maybe -- I don't know if this is -- any conversations apart from the Department of Transportation's comments that there's been any other conversation directly with the DOT, and what I'm wondering is, is that outside of a customer agreement, do you think DOT's comments in any way raises the possibility that the FERC would consider trackers in the normal course of rate making?
Robert C. Skaggs: Carl, I just don't know. I wouldn't want to speculate on where the FERC is headed at this point. In the past, they've used trackers on a limited basis. We certainly feel that programs of this size, this sort of commitment justify that sort of treatment, but I can't really speak beyond that, Carl.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I appreciate that. And then last question, if I could, just this is with respect to the eastern Ohio, I mean the Utica acreage JV here. And again, not so much trying to put the cart in front of the horse, but just trying to better understand when the comment is made about potential significant downstream infrastructure from the acreage dedication, are you guys -- because 100,000 acres is a nice size, are you thinking about this more of like a hub concept that would be replete with fractionation and NGL storage? Or is it more sort of the gathering, processing and then pipeline, we'll just go with that?
Robert C. Skaggs: More of the latter. At this point, it's more the latter. Now would this be a basis for something bigger in that window? It certainly could be an anchor or a key element of something bigger. But at this point, the JV would be more of what you talked, gathering, processing and the like.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Dobson from Wunderlich.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Hey, could we continue on the JV, and I think you were addressing this in one of your earlier questions, but can you just review with us again sort of how conceptually you're looking at this? It's -- as I sort of understand that it's you contributing your acreage in return for sort of a dedicated opportunity to develop the downstream or midstream infrastructure. So I guess, a, confirm that; and then, b, if that's the case then should we be thinking about sort of a like size however one wants to value Utica, your Utica a like-size amount investment in downstream that you'd be talking about?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, Jay, the concept would be that we will contribute roughly 15,000 acres that are associated with our Brinker Storage Field to the counterparty's acreage position. In total, the JV joint acreage would approximate 100,000 acres, give or take. We would participate in the development, it'd be a passive participation in the development, no cash out of hand, no cash to us. And then the JV would execute against all the downstream construction requirements.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: And that's where your cash requirements would come in?
Robert C. Skaggs: That's exactly where the cash requirements would come in. And we're not in a position today to give you a clear sense on what that CapEx might be over time, but clearly it's going to be a function of a drilling program which we think will be aggressive. And clearly, there's expansive acreage involved in this deal and it's right in the heart of the wet window. So we're quite bullish on the opportunity.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Got you. And appreciate you're in the short strokes of this, but just sort of what are the sort of main -- remaining issues, if you will? I mean, you've been working on this for a while. What are sort of the remaining issues?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. It's blocking and tackling and closing the deal out. I wouldn't characterize anything as a material major issue at this point.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. So as you said sort of 30 days, 4 weeks, somewhere in that timeframe, we ought to have an announcement.
Robert C. Skaggs: Both of us are being deliberate. Obviously, it's a significant marriage, it's a potential model for what we're going to do throughout the Utica. So we're just being deliberate and prudent as we go through the process and so are they.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: That's a good thing. They're always easier to get into than to get out of. Two other items, in industrial sales and I'm thinking both on the electric and the gas side, but from an economic perspective saw that your electric industrial sales were down, but gas industrial transportation up. And I'm sure that was in part driven by the low gas prices. But could you give us a little idea in light of those 2 items just sort of what you're seeing in the economy locally?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Just in the macro, we think the economy is performing relatively well throughout our service territory. We're certainly benefiting from the uptick in auto production, so our auto manufacturers, vehicle manufacturers, supporting industries, steel, everybody is doing reasonably well. If anything, a little bit ahead of the plan. Of course, our plan's always conservative. If you look at the electric industrial volumes, they are down a tad quarter-to-quarter, but they're up about 6% from the fourth quarter of 2011. So overall, they are certainly trending in the right direction. I also mentioned on the NIPSCO Electric side, notably industrial margins are up and that reflects the expiration of special contracts and the new rates. So I feel really good about the fundamentals when we look at NIPSCO Electric, industrial and R&C, and you'll notice the R&C volumes are up and NIPSCO Electric as well. On the gas side, again, it really goes back to the economy, auto manufacturing, low gas prices, albeit low margins. We're certainly encouraged by the throughput.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: That's great. And then 2 just detail questions. Sort of corporate and other had a nice swing in the quarter and just what drove that? And then I saw you did sort of restate and called it out in the press release in the third -- or sorry, first quarter of '11. I assume that $0.02 swing was just the accounting adjustment you had from a year ago?
Robert C. Skaggs: That's correct.
Stephen P. Smith: That's correct. That's the environmental write-up we took in the first quarter which we restated, so...
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. Then just corporate and other?
Stephen P. Smith: It's just cats and dogs, Jay. Nothing specific.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: But I guess, would it be of a nonrecurring nature? Should I assume something more like a modest drag? Is it more reasonable approach sort of quarters going forward as it normally has been or is something...
Stephen P. Smith: I would say that's a very reasonable assumption, a modest drag, as you said, going forward.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. I'd just put a little color on O&M across the board has been really well managed by the team. So just fundamentally, we feel good about the cost structure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Fishman from MorningStar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: House Bill 1294, what is the timing on the Pennsylvania PUC addressing that? And when would your investment start?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, I'll go to the back end of the question. We continued to invest at a robust level in Pennsylvania. And so we've had that program underway now for, gosh, the better part of 4 years and the way we've been dealing with the investment is we've just filed a rate case every 12 to 18 months, and we'll continue to invest in PA going forward. On what they call now Act 11, Commission is working on rules. We're also in the midst of preparing a rate case to utilize the forward-looking test year. And during the latter part of the year, fourth quarter, so we're going to be filing a rate case to reflect the forward-looking test year.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you have been spending about $300 million a year in total through all your gas distribution modernization. Would this change that or is that still the number we should look for going forward?
Robert C. Skaggs: It's that number or potentially a little north of that number.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Driven by this Pennsylvania?
Robert C. Skaggs: No. Again, the Pennsylvania program is pretty well established. It may be elevated a bit more because of this program that all of our states now have robust, well consider accelerated infrastructure replacement programs in place.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faisel Khan from Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: At NIPSCO, I was wondering if you could give us a little color on how you guys are managing your coal burn and gas burn and what the impact of the lower coal prices and low gas prices are in your guys' fuel mix?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, not a material change in the way we're operating the coal fleet [ph] for Sugar Creek, our gas-fired generating plant. I would note or repeat that Sugar Creek's been dispatched way beyond our wildest imagination, and that's going on now for the better part of 2 years. So it's not quite running full time, but it is running on a consistent basis. Just because the way we're configured, and the way our system is set up, we're going to continue to rely a lot on the coal stations. And we really don't see a material change in the way they're operating.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, understood. How are you managing your inventories? Are they pretty much at normal levels or would you say they're kind of elevated for the coal?
Robert C. Skaggs: I'd say they're relatively at normal levels. Again, not a material change in plan.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, understood. As for Millennium, the equity earnings boost year-over-year, what drove that number up?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, we've increased the capacity. We've increased the deliveries on Millennium, so that's what you're seeing, great demand and improvements on the system.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Are those all firm contracts or is it kind of interruptible sort of demand?
Robert C. Skaggs: Firm, primarily.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And pardon me if I missed this, but on the West Side expansion, the ability to deliver volumes from north-central West Virginia to Pennsylvania, the west to the Gulf Coast market. How do the molecules actually physically get to the Gulf Coast markets?
Robert C. Skaggs: Part of our Columbia Gulf system will be bidirectional.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So meaning that people can -- you have to have the customer on both ends of the Columbia system pipeline? Are we just be able to swap gas at both ends?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Well, the gas will be physically move from north to south. It'll be a bidirectional leg of our 3-legged Columbia Gulf system.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, understood. And then on the Big Pine Gathering System, you indicated that's in the hydrocarbon-rich area of western Pennsylvania. What happens to the liquids out of that gathering system?
Robert C. Skaggs: A third-party processor will deal with the liquids.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Last question for me, in terms of the storage right now, where are you guys with gas storage in your facilities and how does that get cycled out as we go into the summer?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. It's cycled consistent with tariff requirements. So typically, customers by, gosh, I think it's April 1 need to be down to as low as 25% of their contracted capacity. This year, we provided a bit of relief and we gave them the ability to ratchet down only to 30%. So that's what we've done. No really material impact on our operations or revenues. This is fully contracted fee-based storage. But we did provide the customers a bit of flexibility in light of the much warmer than normal weather conditions.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And is that -- when does that -- when do you get down to 30%, when does that happen?
Robert C. Skaggs: April 1.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Shere from Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: On the 30% question there on the gas storage, so all the forced cycling is already complete, and at this point, the build is just going to be normal through the injection season? Is that...
Robert C. Skaggs: That's correct. And just a little bit of color, for many customers, they weren't taking flowing gas from, gosh, December or early January, they were pulling from storage so they could get down to these ratchets, that we call them, by April 1. So again, they weren't buying any flowing supply, they were just pulling out of storage.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Understood. We saw some low spot prices back then.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, sure.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Bob, and I know you've kind of talked about this before, but maybe if you can kind of remind me on the longer-term MLP option, are you really thinking of that more as a capital funding issue when needed given your significantly expanding midstream and pipeline inventory? Or are you seeing it in your mind over time as more of a valuation differential question and one of a tax leakage versus the multiple?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, we consider, first and foremost, a financing -- potential financing vehicle. You alluded to tax leakage and other considerations, such as credit [ph]. Those are key considerations, but we'd certainly have to manage very thoughtfully if we elected to go with an MLP at some point. But we, first and foremost, think of in terms of financing.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: If this $4 billion of improvements in your system gets approved and goes live, are we -- is it reasonable to think that you can shoulder that comfortably with existing cash flows and balance sheet or could the MLP option come more into focus over the next couple of years as a result of that?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, we believe that we could certainly manage a $4 billion program that has customer support, FERC support and well-crafted recovery mechanisms. We think we can support that. I will say that we continue to study and MLP is an option, a tool that we might use in the future. And we continue to look at our ability to generate midstream projects, other pipeline growth projects on a consistent basis, see whether they might be amenable to a drop down and whether they might be better financed with a MLP sort of vehicle. So we continue to look at it, but it's not in active development mode at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: It sounds like you're very close to resolution on the JV. And that's kind of, I guess, a validation of your business model to monetize your acreage. What's on the back burner in that effort?
Robert C. Skaggs: Sorry, Paul, you're going to have to give me a little more on that question.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: It sounds like you committed about 15,000 acres.
Robert C. Skaggs: Correct.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: You've still got a significant acreage position kind of...
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, I'm with you now. The vast majority of our acreage position is in that what I would call the far western oily part of the window or the oily window. And at the moment, we're going slow with that and being very deliberate. We're watching test drilling that we understand is underway by Devon and others, and we're going to get a better sense of what that position looks like before we proceed.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: When's your next board meeting?
Robert C. Skaggs: Our annual meeting is on May 12, I believe. Help me here, 15? 15, I'm sorry, it's Tuesday, May 15.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, and there'll be a board meeting around that, obviously.
Robert C. Skaggs: Oh, yes. Yes, absolutely.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Dobson from Wunderlich.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Bob, just 3 quick questions. So the MLP, what -- as you consider that and I appreciate it's -- I think you are just saying not an active development. But what would be -- as I consider it and I share your belief that it's as much a financing decision as anything. Is it going to be the ratchet of CapEx that's going to drive you to make a decision, yay or nay on that, thinking of the $4 billion pipeline modernization or any of these things which it doesn't feel like any of those are sort of 2012 elements. So I guess I'm just trying to think, when would you -- do you think you'd make a decision on that?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, I think we need to see how predictable and sustainable our midstream business grows. So right now, we're trying to gather -- gain a foothold in the Utica. We continue to participate in the Marcellus. But to this point, it's been more sporadic as opposed to sustained. If we're successful in projects like the JV, greenfield projects in the Utica and the Marcellus, then we think an MLP consideration becomes more relevant.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Got you. So it does sound like it's more like a '13-ish decision that would be driven by CapEx and other strategic decisions rather than anything in nearer term?
Robert C. Skaggs: Can't put a timeframe, I guess I would go back to team able to generate sustainable flow of projects in the midstream.
Stephen P. Smith: In the midstream, yes.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, in the midstream.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Got you, that's fair. And then on guidance, I mean obviously you put up a very nice, although weather-adjusted, nice first quarter results. How does it make you feel about guidance? I know you reaffirmed, but is there or is there an edge towards the higher end, the midpoint or something in that range as you sort of look out? And again, I fully appreciate it's pretty early in the year.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, just squarely within the range at this point.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Got you. And then on the dividend, obviously, there's been a lot of chatter about what you may or may not do there, and I think your guidance comments were clearly to indicate your ongoing commitment to growing that. How should we think about that for the balance of '12?
Robert C. Skaggs: Stay tuned.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Got you. And then last question, and I think you were talking about this, but what are your days of burned storage of coal right now?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yikes. We're going to have to -- we'll have Randy get back to you on that. I just couldn't give you a good answer this morning.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. But -- and I would definitely love to chat with Randy about it, but as you think about them relative to sort of the '09 timeframe, we're probably well inside of those record levels.
Robert C. Skaggs: Oh, gosh, Jay, I want to say yes. But again, to ensure that there's good, accurate answer, I'm going to have to ask Randy to get back to you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Edwards from Credit Suisse.
John Edwards - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes. Just -- most of my questions were answered. But just real quick, what was the driver behind the higher employee and admin costs in Electric business this quarter?
Stephen P. Smith: It's primarily about $3 million of payroll and about $5 million of higher benefit costs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yves Siegel from Credit Suisse.
Yves Siegel - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a couple of quick follow-ups, number one, a couple of folks asked about the monetization program and the MLP. I don't see those as necessarily being connected, is that right?
Stephen P. Smith: We agree with that.
Yves Siegel - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then the next couple of questions would be -- I'm absolutely convinced you guys will be able to come up with sustainable, predictable ongoing projects, so I'm a fan of the MLP idea. I guess that wasn't the question as much as an editorial. And the other is just housekeeping, can you just again remind me what your plans are for the pension funds as well as medical plan?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. On the medical plan, it's pay as you go, if you will. So we just deal with the expense on an annual basis. And like others, we've dealt with our medical plans with our employees and the like. So we feel good about how we're positioned on medical expense going forward.
Stephen P. Smith: And that's about $50 million a year, give or take.
Robert C. Skaggs: And the question on pension, just on funding, you'll recall last year, we accelerated our pension funding and we now stand at...
Stephen P. Smith: At 86% funded as of March 31.
Robert C. Skaggs: So right now, we're looking and considering what we'd do in 2011 -- 2012 -- I'm sorry, on funding.
Stephen P. Smith: But we have a lot of flexibility on pension funding for 2012.
Yves Siegel - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Because it looked like the number was pretty de minimis in the 10-K as it relates to what the contribution would be.
Stephen P. Smith: Right. That's correct. We always preserve the right to accelerate more contributions, should we elect to, based on what we're seeing in the marketplace.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. And the philosophy intent is -- we do want to be fully funded again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carl Kirst from BMO Capital Markets.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Two very quick follow-ups. And this is just on the West Side and the East Side project. As we look at sort of earnings going forward, is that something that would bleed in overtime via AFUDC or more sort of you'd feel that earnings once the projects are completed?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. My view is it's 2015 forward is when you're going to see the real impact. Otherwise, it's going to be, in the big scheme of things, immaterial.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Great. I appreciate that. And then the second question is -- and this just kind of speak to Big Pine and the returns on Big Pine because that was obviously legacy system, I believe, that you're adding on to. So are we going to be in a position to be earning at the higher end of that 12% to 15% kind of pretax ROIC or is that -- I didn't know if you could get market base rates on that or negotiated rates, or is that kind of just part of rate base, or how should we think of that?
Robert C. Skaggs: I would say initially it's going to be at the lower end and we're actively marketing that line to other producers. And as those producers come online, we could see the returns move north. But it will be over time.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to management for closing remarks.
Robert C. Skaggs: Grant, thanks so much. And for all the participants this morning, again, thank you for your interest and your strong support. We appreciate it. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes your conference for today. You may disconnect. Thank you for joining, and have a very good day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen L. Kettering - Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs Robert C. Skaggs - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Stephen P. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ashar Khan Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Yves Siegel - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division Andrew Levi - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division Bryan Joseph Spratt - Miller Howard Investments, Inc. Josh Golden
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2011 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. My name is Carissa, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed.
Glen L. Kettering: Thank you, Carissa, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of NiSource, I'd like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hulen, Managing Director of Investor Relations. As you know, the focus of today's call is to review our financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year of 2011 and to provide a business update. We'll then open the call to your questions. At times during the call, we'll refer to the supplemental slides available on our website at nisource.com. I'd like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking.  These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings.  And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thanks, Glen. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. For today's agenda, we'll review a few 2011 highlights that demonstrate the continued strength of NiSource's business strategy and our commitment to building shareholder value. We'll then spend some time discussing each of our 3 business units' performance. And before opening the line to your questions, we'll discuss our 2012 financial outlook and our strategic priorities. Starting on Slide 3 in the supplemental deck, as we noted in this morning's earnings release, for NiSource, 2011 was a year of significant achievement, groundbreaking performance and industry-leading growth in delivering shareholder value. For the fifth year in a row, the NiSource team met its financial commitments. Specifically, in 2011, we delivered earnings of $1.35 per share non-GAAP at the top of our guidance range for the year, and I would add, right on top of the consensus estimate for the year. We also delivered 40% total shareholder return, significantly outperforming the broader market in utility indices for the third consecutive year. In fact, NiSource's 2011 performance ranked first among all companies in the Dow Jones utility index. Driving this consistent increase in value is our balanced strategy of executing on stakeholder-focused commercial and regulatory initiatives, paired with disciplined and accretive capital investments. In 2011, those capital investments exceeded $1.1 billion. In a few moments, I'll provide a high-level overview of our $1.4 billion 2012 capital program. This record high program is a testament to our deep inventory of investment opportunities across each of our core business units and our solid financial foundation. I would suggest that the primary takeaway for 2011 is that the NiSource team has once again demonstrated its commitment, focus and solid execution, which has positioned us to step up our game a notch or 2 in 2012 as we continue to create value for our customers, investors and other key stakeholders. With that backdrop, let's now take a closer look at our 2011 results, starting with our financial highlights on Slide 4. As you can see, we delivered 2011 net operating earnings non-GAAP of about $378 million or $1.35 per share, compared to $1.22 per share in 2010. And our operating earnings for the year increased from about $915 million in 2010 to over $961 million. As I suggested earlier, these results reflect the core strength of our business plan, the focus of our team as well as continued signs of resilience in some of our key markets. On a GAAP basis, our net operating earnings per share for the year were $1.08. As noted on Schedules 1 and 2 to our earnings release, the most significant GAAP to non-GAAP reconciling item was the $54 million call premium on our successful $250 million debt tender offer, which was completed in the fourth quarter. Turning to our individual business unit results, let's start in Indiana with our electric business as summarized on Slide 5. For the year, NIPSCO electric reported operating earnings of $203 million compared to $217 million in 2010. Revenues were down about $0.5 million primarily due to decreased residential and commercial margins and lower environmental cost recovery. Operating expenses were up about $13 million primarily due to higher employee and administrative expenses and outside service costs. By far, the most significant highlight for the year was the settlement of NIPSCO's landmark electric rate case and the approval of that settlement by the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission, or IURC, in December. The near unanimous settlement approved by the IURC notably without modifications sets the stage for ongoing investments in customer service, reliability and environmental initiatives and positions NIPSCO for long-term earnings growth. This balanced outcome provides significant opportunities to continue building economic vitality and environmental sustainability in Northern Indiana. Another recent development for NIPSCO is a significant growth project that's part of a multistate effort to strengthen the electric transmission system in the Midwest. The project includes an investment of approximately $270 million in a new 100-mile 345-kV transmission project in Northern Indiana. Scheduled to be in service during the latter part of the decade, it is 1 of 17 major new transmission system improvements authorized by the Midwest Independent System Operator or MISO. On the environmental front, steady progress continued on significant environmental upgrades at NIPSCO's Schahfer generating station. That work remains on schedule and on budget. As you’ll recall, the Schahfer improvements are part of the NIPSCO environmental investment stream of approximately $850 million over the next 6 to 8 years. Along with the significant customer programs launched in 2011, these projects are helping to strengthen system reliability, customer service, environmental and community quality, again, while providing stable earnings growth for NIPSCO. On the customer front, I'd also note that NIPSCO continues to improve its J.D. Power ratings. Based on the most recent wave surveying residential and natural gas customers, NIPSCO is ahead of the Midwest average for overall customer satisfaction. Similar improvements have been made in the electric survey. Let's now take a look at NiSource Gas Transmission and Storage, or NGT&S, operations that are highlighted on Slide 6. From a financial perspective, NGT&S generated operating earnings of about $360 million during 2011, compared to approximately $377 million in 2010. Notably, net revenues were up about $51 million, driven by a number of growth projects at NGT&S, as well as the impact of new rates under a Columbia Gulf base rate case settlement that became effective in May 2011.  Operating expenses were up about $67 million in 2011 primarily due to our lower -- large pension contributions and increase in environmental reserve. On the heels of a solid year, NGT&S' CEO Jimmy Staton and team are intently focused on developing and deploying a robust comprehensive strategy for meeting customer needs and maximizing the value of our extensive pipeline and storage assets, including our very attractive position in the Marcellus and Utica shale production regions. For 2012, we expect to invest about $430 million in NGT&S, a 43% increase over 2011. More than half of the program will be targeted at value-adding growth opportunities in and around the shale plays. To that last point, the team is off to a great start. One unfolding project in NiSource midstream includes a $145 million investment in 90 miles of pipeline facilities in Western Pennsylvania. This project will have initial capacity of about 300,000 dekatherms per day and provide interconnects with multiple interstate pipelines. A definitive agreement with a major Marcellus producer is expected by the end of the first quarter. And work on the project, which is expected to be placed in service in late 2012, has already begun. Millennium Pipeline also is progressing on plans to add more than 12,000 horsepower of compression to its system in Orange County, New York, responding to increased demand for transportation services driven by shale production. Pending FERC approval, the new compressor station represents an investment of nearly $45 million for the partnership. The project, which is anticipated to be in service in November 2012, will increase Millennium's delivery capabilities at its interconnection with Algonquin Gas Transmission to 675,000 dekatherms per day.  We're also making good progress on our work to define and leverage our mineral rights position in the Utica shale area. On our last quarterly call, I mentioned that we were engaged in an assessment of our storage leases in the Utica region to determine whether they would support potential production activities. That review has been completed and has confirmed our estimate of 100,000 to 200,000 prospective acres.  As with the case for our Marcellus storage leases, we anticipate a ratification process will be undertaken to ensure the ability to use current drilling technology such as horizontal drilling on the Utica leases. Based on our previous experience, we don't expect that process to present any significant obstacles. I also mentioned on our last call that an important part of the assessment process involves the definition of the Utica shale play from a geotechnical perspective. In that regard, while there has been limited drilling activity in Utica to date, most observers expect the pace to accelerate in 2012, especially in the so-called wet areas of the play. Needless to say, we'll be following this activity closely and will incorporate it into our overall mineral strategy. In the near term, we're focused on our acreage in the eastern wet portion of the Utica. And as we speak, NGT&S is actively engaged in discussions with a number of parties regarding possible approaches and arrangements to optimize the value of our acreage position. We expect those discussions to mature over the coming months and, of course, we'll keep you updated as things develop. With regard to our acreage moving westward into the play, we would expect our timing to correspond generally to the drilling development and delineation taking place in those areas. Finally, I'd emphasize that as we develop our approach and options, our focus will be on the opportunities that enhance the long-term value of our assets and create sustainable shareholder value. Before leaving NGT&S, I want to touch on one other potential opportunity, that's the possibility of a long-term system modernization program designed to enhance the reliability and flexibility of our Columbia Gas Transmission system, as well as to respond to anticipated regulatory requirements. We currently estimate that such a program could involve an investment of approximately $4 billion over a 10- to 15-year period. Similar to the modernization programs in place at our gas utilities, such a program could provide numerous customer, environmental and economic benefits while, at the same time, supporting ongoing rate base and earnings growth.  More to come on this later this year as we continue initial discussions with our customers and other key stakeholders. Let's now turn to our Gas Distribution group discussed on Slide 7. NiSource Gas Distribution operating earnings for the year were about $439 million, compared to about $343 million during 2010. Net revenues were up about $31 million in 2010, primarily reflecting the impact of our ongoing infrastructure investments and regulatory activity.  Operating expenses were $65 million less than 2010, primarily as a result of depreciation reductions provided under the 2010 NIPSCO gas rate settlement. Our NGD teams continue to execute on an industry-leading series of long-term infrastructure modernization and replacement programs. For 2011, we invested nearly $320 million in these programs to ensure safe and reliable service. In 2012, we'll continue at a similar pace as part of our $4 billion-plus modernization program. On the regulatory front, as mentioned in our last update, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission issued a final order in Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania's base rate case on October 14, authorizing an annual increase of $17 million. The commission also authorized a new residential rate design with a higher minimum monthly charge, including a fixed customer charge and usage allowance. And a bit of an update on Pennsylvania House Bill 1294, which just last week unanimously passed the Senate as amended and is now back in the House. Passage is expected as early as the end of this month.  And in November, Columbia Gas Virginia received regulatory approval of its application under Virginia’s SAVE Act for accelerated recovery of certain infrastructure modernization investments. Over the next 5 years, we estimate that CGV will invest over $100 million under this program.  On the customer front, our gas distribution companies continued to introduce and expand programs to help customers reduce energy usage and manage their monthly bills.  In December, Columbia Gas of Ohio received approval from the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio to extend and expand its broad array of energy efficiency programs. Over the life of the programs, customers will save up to $300 million. Before wrapping up, I'd like to take a moment to touch on our financial profile and liquidity position. As I've discussed in the past, the foundation for our investment-driven growth platform across NiSource is a disciplined, well-executed financing strategy.  Looking at Slide 8. In 2011, Steve Smith and his team further strengthened our financial profile through a series of strategic transactions designed to reduce financing cost, extend our debt maturity profile and manage liabilities, including in particular our pension. These transactions included issuing a total of $900 million of long-term notes, completing a $250 million debt tender offer, launching a $500 million commercial paper program and renewing our $1.5 billion revolving credit facility for an additional 4 years. These transactions also provide an opportunity to make a very cost-effective accelerated contribution to our pension plans to help manage future pension expenses. Our total pension contribution in 2011 was $400 million, which serves to place the plans on solid footing going forward. We've also maintained a strong cash position, ending the year with $364 million in excess liquidity. Given this very strong liquidity position, and as we suggested on our last quarterly call, we don't plan to draw on our 2010 forward equity sale until the third quarter of 2012. I'd also note that NiSource's stable investment-grade credit ratings were affirmed by Moody's and Fitch during the fourth quarter, and we expect to receive a similar report from Standard & Poor's in the near future. Last but not least, a few comments on our 2012 earnings guidance and a bit more perspective on our record high 2012 capital program that's summarized on Slide 9.  NiSource's non-GAAP earnings outlook for 2012 is $1.40 to $1.50 per share. The midpoint of the range represents a 7%-plus increase over our 2011 earnings. As I noted earlier, helping fuel this and future growth will be our record $1.4 billion capital investment program. That program includes investments of about $430 million at NGT&S, $530 million in our gas distribution business and $410 million at our NIPSCO electric business. Although the plan reflects an increased investment of almost 25% over 2011, the largest increases for 2012 are at NGT&S and our electric business, representing a broad and deepening array of accretive value-added growth and environmental projects. These and other investments will serve to enhance the long-term value of our assets for the benefit of our customers, shareholders and other key stakeholders. As we continue to execute on our investment-driven business strategy, I can assure you that we'll remain true to our other core financial commitments: to preserve our stable investment-grade credit rating and to offer an attractive, secure and, in the not-too-distant future, growing dividend. So as our 2011 results and 2012 outlook attest, the NiSource team is continuing to build on a strong track record of delivering collaborative, regulatory and commercial solutions while making disciplined investments that will grow earnings on a sustainable basis. With full support of our Board of Directors, I'm convinced we have a compelling game plan and the resources and capabilities to continue to look to deliver on our commitments, including our commitment to grow earnings at about 5% on a long-term sustainable basis.  As always, we'll communicate with you and all of our stakeholders in a transparent and timely manner through our analyst calls and news releases posted on nisource.com.  Thank you for participating today and for your ongoing interest and support of NiSource. Carissa, we can now open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: A few questions. How many 10 3/4 notes are left? Are they totally defeased?
Stephen P. Smith: No, they're not, Paul. This is Steve. There's approximately $100 million or so of those notes left.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And what are the plans around those?
Stephen P. Smith: They're going to be held till maturity.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And your 2012 guidance, if we take '11 guidance midpoint to midpoint, that's 11.5% growth. How do you reconcile that with your advertised 2% to 5% objective?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, we've mentioned on several occasions, Paul, that we certainly expected a bump, a significant bump from the resolution of the NIPSCO electric rate case that goes into -- it has actually gone into effect. It will hit full run rate about the middle of this year. That establishes the new earnings base. And that from that point, assuming we invest at $1 billion plus, that will set the stage for ongoing growth at 5% a year.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And the $1.4 billion of '12 CapEx, can you break that out into kind of growth versus maintenance?
Robert C. Skaggs: That's about 60-40. About 60%, 62% of that is growth, new business tracker driven, and the balance is traditional age and condition. That's a rough cut, Paul. It may cut a little bit more precise but roughly 60-40.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And when do you expect the $4 billion that you kind of unveiled today to start flowing?
Robert C. Skaggs: Just to make sure we're on same page, we mentioned $4 billion of inventory gas distribution, and that's the bare-steel replacement program, and that's 10 to 15 years. We also mentioned that we're beginning discussions with our stakeholders at Columbia Gas Transmission around a modernization program. We calibrate that to be about $4 billion. If we are able to reach an agreement with our customers or if we prefer the FERC rate case approach, we expect that spend to cover 10, 15 years. We expect the spend in around that program to begin in 2013.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: '13? And do you expect that this will be primarily negotiated? Or do you think you’ll have to go with the FERC route?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, the NiSource approach is to collaborate with a broad group of stakeholders and strike a settlement, so that's the preferred approach. Obviously, the FERC rate case approach is also out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Maresca of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple of things, first on NGT&S and then on Utica. So you have a big increase in CapEx this year, and you talked about intently focused on customer needs. And a couple of things, on the supplemental slides, you got $430 million of CapEx planned for '12 between the new Pennsylvania, Marcellus project, Millennium and Rimersburg, you kind of get to $200 million. So I guess, what makes up that GAAP of $194 million to $430 million plan? And then bigger picture, what are customers looking for right now in the Marcellus and Utica? And what do you think the size of this opportunity is, maybe over the next 2 to 3 years for you guys?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yikes, that's a lot of question. Let me give a shot at it, then we can fill in. You can just keep us on track. Let me go through the CapEx a little bit, and let me start with ongoing age and condition. For 2012, about $175 million is age and condition, so integrity, reliability, age and condition, so that's the base. On top of it, then you add the $145 million for the just announced Marcellus transmission project. You add on top of that the Millennium project and Rimersburg, and then the balance is growth that we will announce -- growth projects that we'll announce over the balance of the year. Okay? Then you also asked about what we're seeing in the marketplace and the Marcellus?
Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And Utica just...
Robert C. Skaggs: And Utica. We still see robust activity. And you've seen the recent producer discussions or announcements that they're going to focus on the wet. We're well positioned for that. Again, we continue to see quite a bit of demand. I think that the announcement we're making this morning is representative of the sort of demand we're seeing. It's in the wet region. It's gathering. It's processing. And as this project reflects, providing interconnections to as many outlets as possible, that's the sort of activity we're seeing. I also add that we mentioned this morning, discussions that we're having in the eastern portion of the Utica with parties that are interested in some of our acreage, but they too are interested not only in the acreage but the downstream investments in facilities to get that gas processed and to market. But that's the nature, that's the color of the sort of discussions and activity that we see in the marketplace.
Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, I mean, size-wise, I mean, you're spending $430 million this year. Do you think that's -- there's upside to that over -- on an annual basis?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. As I suggested, it maybe was more implicit than explicit, Jimmy Staton and team have developed, I think, a very, very robust strategy that's going to focus on leveraging our minerals position but also the footprint in and around both the Marcellus and the Utica. And I think you're seeing the beginning of that -- the execution of that strategy, but also suggest that they're looking at aggressively marketing the balance of the Columbia Gas Transmission and Columbia Gulf Facility, and you're going to see announcements evidencing the activity around expansions of those core systems. And then last but not least, we did suggest this. And I've answered Paul Ridzon, we're aggressively pursuing opportunities to modernize Columbia Gas Transmission. So long-winded answer, there’s considerable upside to the spends that we're announcing today.
Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And my final one, thanks for more of the detail on the Utica. Can you discuss just the shape of these discussions that you said you're going on with certain parties in terms of how this possibly would be structured? What are the -- what's the other side of the table looking for and just a framework?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, I can only speak in generalities and appreciate the sensitive nature of all these discussions. Let me just give you our perspective, though. We have an acreage position. We'd like to exploit that acreage position. But frankly, we're interested in adding additional acreage that could be dedicated to downstream facilities that we would construct and operate. So again, we want to use our foothold to expand and garner additional production that can be supportive of downstream investments. So that's our emphasis. That's our primary focus as opposed to reaping upfront dollars, if you will. On the other side of the table, frankly, they want their gas to get to market. They want to get it as far downstream as they can. They want to ensure that the gas and the liquids will flow every single day, and that's their primary interest.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan of Visium.
Ashar Khan: Can I just, Bob, just going from the growth rate that you enunciated this morning and confirmed, can we look at that growth rate going forward from the 2012 base on an average of like 5% over a 5-year time frame? Will that be right to look at it from that going forward from this year?
Robert C. Skaggs: That's correct. Consider 2012 as the base. And again, if we're able to sustain a CapEx program north of $1 billion, the CAGR ought to be 5% plus.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan of Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I know you guys touched on this, I think, in the past earnings call. But your operating expense and -- your operations and maintenance expenses at the Gas Transmission and Storage Operation is pretty high versus last year, and it was -- even on a quarterly basis and on a yearly basis too, so...
Robert C. Skaggs: Hey, can I interrupt you? I just want to caution you when you look at these numbers, you really need to drill down in the NGT&S operating expenses. I mentioned in the remarks that one of the key drivers comes from the pension contribution -- we made this accelerate pension contribution, and it hits the NGT&S pension expense because they're on a cash basis for rate making. So it's a $30 million-plus hit -- $36 million hit to their O&M.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So that the -- in the quarter, in the fourth quarter, you had a $36 million hit from the contribution. You said it was a $250 million contribution to the pension plan.
Stephen P. Smith: That’s correct.
Robert C. Skaggs: For the year, it was $400 million but...
Stephen P. Smith: Incrementally, it was $250 million.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. So you have that. You also would see an environmental reserve increase or hit that stems from a historic PCB cleanup settlement that we have with our customers and regulators. And that really is a onetime sort of hit because of that settlement and the need to ensure that we optimize that settlement.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And that was in the quarter too?
Stephen P. Smith: That was in third quarter.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And how much was that exactly?
Robert C. Skaggs: About $30 million.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: $30 million. Okay. So are we done with all these sort of onetime sort of items, or you expect this to continue on?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, clearly across all of NiSource, we've worked long and hard to deal with a vast array of issues. And we’ve tried to address everything that was on the table and get as much behind us this year, and I include the NIPSCO regulatory situation in that basket. And so what clearly the intent is to just be as clean and efficient and growing as we possibly can in 2012 and beyond.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Are you guys fully funded now in your pension plan?
Stephen P. Smith: We're at about 82% as of year-end.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Do you guys anticipate any more contributions this year to your pension plan?
Stephen P. Smith: We're not anticipating any contributions in 2012 as a result of our accelerated contribution we made at the end of the year.
Robert C. Skaggs: Having said that, I would say Steve and team are opportunistic. So they’re continuing to review the situation. So I would just caution you, as you look through the results, the fundamentals, the revenue and core cost fundamentals are rock solid for 2011, but you do need to look at some of these special items that I've mentioned.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, sure. And the $4 billion modernization plan at the pipeline business, is this mostly directed towards storage or the actual pipeline transportation infrastructure?
Robert C. Skaggs: It's the latter, so it's integrity, reliability, flexibility of the core system.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So these would all be sort of revenue-generating sort of enhancements, obviously, I mean, or would it be -- when you say…
Robert C. Skaggs: Correct.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. Now given -- if I look at your guys’ sources and uses for cash this year, obviously, to fund your CapEx and maturity needs, some of that is coming from your equity forward sale. Is that correct?
Robert C. Skaggs: Correct.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: As I think about your kind of CapEx funds going forward because if you had this $4 billion modernization plan, along with all the other growth projects you have, it seems that you're going to need some level of equity to fund some of these projects going forward. So the question becomes is, have you guys changed your sort of philosophy on the MLP?
Robert C. Skaggs: We've not changed our philosophy. We continue to look at it very closely. And obviously, if CapEx needs increase, we're going to look at all forms of funding of those needs. So it's still a relevant consideration but one that we're not inclined to go forward at this point. I would also suggest this, that in terms of equity, we believe that we're in good shape for the next several years, noted that we're going to delay the draw to the third quarter of this year on the forward equity. So I would suggest not jumping to any conclusions that we need equity quickly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst of BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: A lot of my questions actually have been hit and touched on, but I would like to maybe just make sure I better understand a few things, and one actually, you were going over the pension expense. And Steve, I may have misheard this number, but did you say that in 2011, there was an incremental $250 million of pension expense over 2010?
Stephen P. Smith: Yes, we made a total of $400 million of contribution to the pension. The $250 million of that $400 million that we made in the fourth quarter was an accelerated contribution, not incremental. So we accelerated the contributions that we anticipated making in 2012. We accelerated those into the fourth quarter of 2011.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And so, is there -- within the 2012 versus 2011, is there a way to think of it in terms of O&M as far as the amount of pension expense in the actual O&M line that will not be recurring, just to make sure we're kind of expecting the right number?
Stephen P. Smith: What I would say is there's a lot of puts and takes around the pension. For example, our asset return in 2011 was flattish. The discount rate associated with the liability was 40 basis points lower than last year, so it went down to 4.6%. So there are headwinds coming at us as a result of the actuarial assumptions in the pension. And there will be a benefit. But in terms of the guidance range of $1.40 to $1.50, there are a lot of puts and takes for 2012. But within the context of the guidance range we've given you, we feel like we've managed any movement there or exposure around the pension assets.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs: Carl, let me just add. I do believe that with this contribution and the way we've managed the fund in general that we have the expense level -- we've got a good handle on the expense level, not only for '12 but going forward. As you know, we continue on the rate regulated side of the house. We continue to try to use trackers, deferrals and the like to deal with any problems that might occur.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. No, I appreciate that. Second question, just, Bob, could you refresh my memory as far as the review on the Utica shale acreage? We're saying when the review is completed, we're still holding a range though of 100 to 200. Are there contingencies around why it's one number versus another number, and didn't know if you could refresh our memory as far as how much at this point you believe is in the wet window for instance?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, you really hit the nail on the head. The uncertainty of the geotechnical viability and attractiveness of the acreage that is in the oily portion of the play, that's where the uncertainty is. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're seeing an increase in test drilling in that more oily window. We've read announcements of drilling activity in that window. But to really narrow that range, we need more definition in that portion of the play. And the majority of our acres tend to be in that portion of the play, Carl. So that's why the range relatively speaking is a bit large and will remain a bit large until we see additional information in that oily window.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: That's very helpful. And as far as what we know right now that's in the -- more of the NGL portion, is there a defined number of that on the eastern side?
Robert C. Skaggs: I'm not sure I got your question, Carl. Could you help me on that?
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Generally, I guess, I think of it as we're going east to the Utica, I guess, I'm thinking -- perhaps I'm on this, that it's going from oily to the NGLs on the eastern side. And I didn't know if that -- if there was -- well, I can come back offline, so no need to do that here. One last, if I could please, just back on the $4 billion potential modernization of the pipelines. And I guess, is there any indication that you have gotten from shippers at this point from a receptivity standpoint? Because, I guess, as I'm thinking about that, this would be a new model in the industry, would it not? I mean, we haven't really seen either tractors put on by FERC or something like this on a long-term basis. And I was hoping maybe that if there isn't any early color, what the sales pitch is, if you will, to anchor shippers to sign something that would be, perhaps, 10, 15 years in length.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, very early in the process. As we get towards the middle of the year, I can give you more color. But I will say this: We recognize that the shippers need to see benefits from a program of this nature. So as you might expect, flexibility, reliability, integrity are the key elements of the program that we're asking them to consider. So that's the pitch, but a little bit too early to discuss receptivity. I just think intellectually, operationally, politically, however you may term it, I think there's a lot of appeal to the program. And I'd also add, many of these stakeholders are dealing with these sorts of issues downstream of the city gate. So they certainly understand where we're coming from and recognize the need. Now the challenge is to craft that balanced package that makes sense for them and for ourselves.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Yves Siegel of Crédit Suisse.
Yves Siegel - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: If I could just circle back on a couple of things. Number one, on the Utica, you hear that acreage is going for $15,000 or more per acre, so I'm just trying to figure out how to try to handicap what the ultimate value could be to NiSource. And I appreciate the fact that you just said that you don't see an upfront payment, but you have these really large numbers out there, and I'm trying to figure out how big a game changer if it's going to be a game changer for you. Is there any way that maybe you could sort of help frame it for me again?
Robert C. Skaggs: Before I do that, I just want to be clear. I didn't mean to suggest that we're not interested in upfront payments. That's only one of the many considerations as we consider structuring deals. And so I just want to be clear, upfront payments could be part of the calculus as we structure deals going forward, not necessarily priority one for us, but it's clearly a key consideration. I'm afraid I'm not going to be able to help you on quantifying value per acre. We've seen the big blowout numbers. We've also seen numbers that are lower, and I would suggest it's going to be lease by lease, geographical window by geographical window to get precise numbers. Otherwise, I think it's going to be a swag for the time being. We do though -- having said that, we do believe this is a game changer for us in the industry in a lot of different respects. Number one, as we suggested, our acreage position we believe can be leveraged to add additional acreages for downstream projects. So we believe it's a foothold. We believe it's a foothold that can spawn significant downstream in investment. Again, I can't help you quantify that, but if you look at the potential volumes that we're talking about and the need for processing and takeaway capacity, it's a game changer. It's a game changer for us, for Dominion, for other people that have a significant footprint in the area. I also suggested earlier that downstream on our core system that we believe there are significant opportunities because of this gas supply region developing right in the heart of our system. Again, I can't help you on quantification, but we know that we're going to have -- you take the estimate, 13 BCF a day potentially. When this is built out, maybe even north of that, hitting the systems, hitting our system and others, it's going to have to go somewhere. Certainly implies a significant amount of downstream capacity expansions and reconfiguration. Sorry, I can't be more definitive, but I would suggest you need to look beyond just the dollars per acre sort of calculation to what does it imply for the facility expansions downstream.
Yves Siegel - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And to the last point, would a lot of that infrastructure be out of rate base? Or would it be tangential to your...
Robert C. Skaggs: We believe it can be both. Further you go downstream, the more likely it could be both. The closer to the wellhead, certainly, it's going to be predominantly, if not entirely, producer supported.
Yves Siegel - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, going back to the one of the earlier questions, when you think about cash flow and financing, do you have a rough ballpark of what you think deferred taxes will look like in 2012?
Stephen P. Smith: Well, as we've said -- this is Steve. We've said that the benefits from the legislation that was passed not too long ago, that we would see an excess of $500 million of deferred tax benefit. So that is going to come to us over the next couple of years. We'll also get tax deductibility from the pension contributions made in 2011 as well, so fairly healthy deferred tax benefits over the next several years.
Yves Siegel - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: All right. And my last question is just sort of getting back to the thought of financing all of this growth. What is the thought process in terms of -- when you think of the amount of spending, is it thought that 2012 -- well, I guess, the way to maybe ask it, the $430 million that you've identified thus far in the transportation segment, could that be substantially different moving forward, or any sort of project announcements will probably hit more in the 2013 and beyond time frame?
Robert C. Skaggs: My sense is that it is in the 2013 and beyond. And what we’ve attempted to suggest is that the number that we announced today, the CapEx number, could go up, but it is going to be dependent on the development of projects, be it midstream projects or what I'm calling downstream projects. And another key variable, if you will, is how do we proceed on the modernization of Columbia Gas Transmission. So those are the key sensitivities that toggle the $1.4 billion that we announced today, toggles it up or toggles it down.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Dobson of Wunderlich Securities.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Drill down one more time on Utica, and just really a question on timing. Obviously, you've got ongoing discussions, and I'm sure these have a fluidity of nature to them. When do you think you'd have something to announce?
Robert C. Skaggs: Related to the discussions we're having now in the eastern portion of the Utica, I think we're in a window that could be 60 to 90 days. I think it's that quick. We've been at it for a while. And certainly, we'd like to reach closure sooner versus later. Having said that, we don't have a clock ticking. We just want to structure a good deal. And the western portion of the Utica, as I've suggested, it's going to take more time to develop. And we are going to be dependent on what producers and developers do in that region to give you more definition.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Right, right, right, exactly. Okay. That's perfect. And similar on the NGT&S modernization, I think, in response to an earlier question, you sort of said more info later this year. Is that -- and maybe confirm that for me, but then also, is that the outgrowth of your discussion with shippers? It seems like awfully fast timing actually for something that would be potentially this large.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Well, I've suggested midyear for more definition. In certain respects, albeit groundbreaking, these discussions are relatively straightforward. I think folks have a good understanding of what the dimensions of the [indiscernible] might be. And so from that point, again, the issues tend to narrow, not to suggest it's easy or without complication, because it is. We think those discussions can move at a relatively decent pace, and we can have a degree of clarity on whether we have a program or whether we don't by midyear. If we don't, then we have to consider our other FERC options. So again, we're going to move with relative dispatch on this one.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Got you. That's great. And then switching to financing outside of the equity forward, which expires in September, so it sounds like you’ll close that out at the end of the third quarter. So what else do we need to do this year? I know we’ve got a maturity in the fourth quarter or so. But what else given the $1.4 billion of CapEx do we need to do outside of the equity forward?
Stephen P. Smith: Yes, all we have planned, Jay, is the $500 million debt offering in the latter half of 2012. And again, we continue to like the longer end of the curve based on what we're seeing.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Sure. Who wouldn't? Speaking on that topic, any more on the liability management front? I mean, I know these things are always somewhat fluid and has as much to do with who holds your debt as anything else, but any more on that opportunity?
Stephen P. Smith: Yes, I mean, I would say we've been pretty successful over the last couple of years, putting out some long-term paper, and our weighted average life of our debt portfolio is now approaching 9-plus years. We feel pretty good about that.
Robert C. Skaggs: It's remarkable…
Stephen P. Smith: And our weighted average cost of our debt portfolio was around 6%. And we feel like we've made some good progress.
Robert C. Skaggs: Made some really good progress.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: No, that's fantastic. And the last one, Bob, you mentioned the dividend. And I think when I went back to the transcript from the third quarter, you might have given some folks some head fakes around dividend which caused people to maybe react a little bit when a couple of days ago, you announced a flat dividend. So maybe if you would, just help folks frame that. I'm not asking for exactly when you're going to do it. But certainly, given a $1.4 billion CapEx, all of this CapEx in front of you, there's a bit of a balancing act you and the board have to go through to say, what are we going to do on the dividend versus what are we going to do. And maybe if you could, think of that in the context of the long-term earnings growth rate you've advertised in that 5% range.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. Around the dividend growth, I mentioned that the predicate to that was really twofold. Number one was we needed to work our way through the NIPSCO electric rate case and resolution of that case. We can check off that box for December. The other key predicate was we needed to grow into a reasonable payout ratio. And with the outlook we've given you this year, we are, in fact, I think, in a reasonable payout window. So literally, what the board is doing, and they kicked off this process last year, they're considering where to head on the dividend. And as you might guess, management has suggested that an appropriate payout policy would be between 60% and 70%. I've mentioned that before. So the board is considering policy. They're considering initial amount in the growth rate for the dividend, and they're considering timing. Not only when we might do it this year, but when we might do it every year after this year. So that's what the board is considering. They're engaged in a process that will be, frankly, a brisk process. This isn’t a 12-month study sort of process. So I would suggest that it's on the docket. It's being actively considered. And you know what management's bias, and I would say the board's bias is, we want to begin growing the dividend ASAP, so stay tuned, second half of this year.
James L. Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Got it. But since you're in that 60% to 70% payout, we ought to be thinking about that 5% long-term growth rate, which although it seems like it's going faster, near term, it's...
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, I would suggest this: the EPS growth rate of 5%. A dividend growth rate might be a bit south of that, but it would certainly be a strong, let's say, robust dividend growth rate. That's where I would expect the board to go. Let me just add, the board and management understands and we believe that a good growing strong dividend is a significant part of our value proposition. So it's front and center. It's on the docket.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Levi of Caris.
Andrew Levi - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Most of the questions were asked. Just 2 real quick ones on the Utica though. I guess, one’s kind of a follow-up from Carl Kirst's question, and I don't know if you're going to be able to provide this. But is there any type of a percent breakdown on the acreage as far as east versus west?
Robert C. Skaggs: The vast majority is west.
Andrew Levi - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. But so is that over 60%, 70%, or you just don’t want to go more than that?
Robert C. Skaggs: It's in the zip code that you mentioned. And let me though be clear, central and west.
Andrew Levi - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Central and west.
Robert C. Skaggs: Central and west. And if you just look at that map, we're in that central and western portion, and it's married with our storage positions.
Andrew Levi - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And how far is that acreage from, let's say, Chesapeake's announced well results recently in Caroll County?
Robert C. Skaggs: We have one pocket that's in that region, broadly defined region. And then, again, the majority of the acreage is west of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Becca Followill of U.S. Capital Advisors.
Rebecca Followill - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: Following up on the pipeline modernization program. You guys are really the first to announce a big program like this. And there's a trade-off between maintaining the competitive system and competitive pricing versus the modernization program. Can you do this in isolation without the rest of the industry doing a program? Or do you need the whole industry to say we're all going to modernize our systems?
Robert C. Skaggs: We believe we can do this without the entire industry necessarily following or doing it in tandem. And just to kind of your lead-in point, Columbia Gas Transmission is very competitive from a rate perspective today. And we believe with modernization, it is very, very, very competitive in that mode as well. We don't see it as a competitive threat. In fact, we would suggest that with improved integrity, reliability and flexibility, the competitive position's enhanced.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spratt of Miller Howard Investments.
Bryan Joseph Spratt - Miller Howard Investments, Inc.: Back to the mineral rights and trying to monetize them, which entity actually owns the title to the leaseholds? And if you were able to monetize or form a deal, does the parent get the full benefit? Or is there some regulatory offset or give back?
Robert C. Skaggs: The rights are in a NiSource company called NiSource Energy Ventures Company. And it's part of, if you will, NiSource Gas Transmission and Storage, or at least, it’s associated with NiSource Gas Transmission and Storage. By the way, bear with my legal, technical discussion of this. I may be off a bit, but directionally, that's how it's structured, and it's not part of the regulated entities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Golden of JPMorgan.
Josh Golden: There's a lot of discussion about increased capital expenditures, potential growing the dividend. And to be frank about it, the balance sheet has not had a material improvement in the actual amount of debt. I understand the tender offers and the rescheduling of the maturity profiles. And from my perspective, that is necessary given your liquidity profile. But you are still a low BBB credit, and the bonds -- your credit within the capital markets trades almost like a junk bond, BB rate of credit. So given the nature of the discussion of the increased CapEx, potentially growing the dividend, putting that "on the docket," can you offer some type of commentary to your fixed income bondholders about, one, maintaining an investment-grade rating, actually improving the balance sheet and trying to work up from a low investment-grade rating? And I would like to point out, your credit rating for a company such as yourself, such as a C corp, being a distributor and pipeline, it is one of the lower credit rating within your peer set. So can you address those concerns?
Robert C. Skaggs: Sure. I appreciate the comments, and I've got to start out with a comment that I make whenever I meet with any investor or debt holder, that our commitment to investment-grade credit ratings is sacrosanct, unquestioned, unconditional. We are absolutely 100% committed to that. We've demonstrated that over the past 7 years that we will do whatever it takes to maintain our investment-grade credit rating. We mentioned also in our comments today that the credit rating agencies recently reviewed our 5-year plan. And as you would expect, they looked at elements such as CapEx. They looked at elements such as dividend growth. And I think if you closely read those reports, they feel very good about the business. I'd also say the credit rating agencies recognized that we're balancing, maintaining this investment-grade credit rating as well as addressing our business opportunities, be it growth, be it requirements to deal with age and condition, reliability and integrity. And I think they've endorsed our project, appropriately balancing all of those key considerations. I'll also mention what credit rating agencies and, for that matter, debt holders have talked to us about, is how your cash metrics look. And I would suggest, I would maintain that over the past 7 years, there has been material improvement in the key cash metrics that the rating agencies have been looking at. So I feel good where we're at on our credit profile. I think it's an appropriate balance of maintaining an investment-grade credit rating while dealing with opportunities and the needs of the business, and we're 100% committed. Last but not least, I recognize that this plan is not a debt paydown plan. This is a plan to, again, take advantage of opportunities, to improve the underlying business and ensure that those cash metrics are strong and improving. And so the goal is we want to be a strong, BBB- credit rating. We think that's the correct fit for us, and that's the objective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I had a quick follow-up. Part of the value proposition is that you're very well positioned to touch these hydrocarbon molecules many times. Can you kind of just give an overview of how many times you think you can touch them and get paid for doing it?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, we'd like to touch it at the wellhead, as it comes out of the wet head. So we want to gather it. When appropriate, we want to process it. We also want to, if possible, touch the liquids. And then certainly, we want to touch the molecules downstream, not only on our core Columbia Gas Transmission system but also at the gas distribution level. So that's the philosophy, just optimize the value chain, touch the molecules and ensure that we're playing in the region. We may also want to take the opportunity to, though, add: We're attempting to deepen the growth inventory across all the business units. So I hope it's not lost on folks that when you look at NIPSCO, for example, it has a strong environmental investment portfolio, but we believe it too has a modernization portfolio, flexibility portfolio and core growth portfolio. So we're looking at those key elements across all the business units.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And what is your opportunity on the processing site?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, we believe that particularly, as you look at the Utica, all these wet plays are going to require processing. We believe we have an opportunity to do it ourselves, or we believe we have the opportunity to partner with others to provide that service.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Would that require capital investment for you to do it?
Robert C. Skaggs: Sure. Oh, yes, absolutely. Anytime we play or touch the molecule, more than likely, we're going to require capital to provide the facilities to do it.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Bob Skaggs for closing remarks.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thank you, Carissa. And again, thank you all for your interest. Obviously, we had an extended Q&A discussion today. It demonstrates your interest and, I believe, your support for NiSource. So thank you very much, and we look forward to talking to you the next time. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen P. Smith - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Glen L. Kettering - Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs Robert C. Skaggs - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Gabriele Sorbara - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Andrew Levi - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Yves Siegel - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2011 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lacey and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] And I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed.
Glen L. Kettering: Thank you, Lacey, and good morning to everyone. On behalf of NiSource, I'd like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call.  Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hulen, Managing Director of Investor Relations.  As you know, the focus of today's call is to review our financial performance for the third quarter of 2011 and provide a business update. We'll then open the call to your questions. At times during the call, we'll refer to the supplemental slides available on our website at nisource.com. I'd like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings.  And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thank you, Glen. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. This morning's agenda is brisk to allow time for your questions.  To start things off, I'll touch on a few key highlights that demonstrate the team's continued progress on executing NiSource's business plan. I'll provide a few specific updates on NiSource's results, as well as the performance of our key business units, and then we'll open the line to your questions. Starting off, let's turn to Slide 3 in the supplemental deck, labeled Key Takeaways for the Third Quarter. I'll discuss in a moment, despite sluggish economic conditions, our balanced investment-driven strategy continues to deliver solid earnings growth and increased shareholder value. Our strategy also has remained true to our underlying commitments to do the right thing in enhancing customer service, modernizing our energy infrastructure and expanding our network across the entire NiSource footprint. As noted in this morning's release, our performance today has NiSource on pace to deliver earnings at the upper half of our 2011 guidance range of $1.25 to $1.35 per share, non-GAAP. NiSource is also on track to deliver double-digit shareholder returns for the third consecutive year, significantly outperforming the utility indices and the broader markets. This performance record is the direct result of the continued exceptional execution in array of core initiatives across each segment of NiSource's businesses.  Just a few examples. From a regulatory standpoint, we've received approval for a significant rate case settlement in Pennsylvania. We also advanced settlement of our Columbia Gulf rate case, as FERC approval targeted by year end. In Indiana, our watershed electric rate case settlement remains on track for approval late this year or early 2012. Meanwhile, NIPSCO's substantial environmental scrubber investment program at our Schahfer Generating Station remains on schedule and on budget. And then our Gas Transmission & Storage business, new CEO Jimmy Staton is driving development with an aggressive comprehensive plan to leverage NiSource's unparalleled position in the Marcellus and Utica shale regions.  With that premise, let's now take a closer look at the quarter, starting with the financial highlights on Slide 4.  As you can see, we delivered third quarter net operating earnings, non-GAAP, of about $33 million or $0.11 per share compared to $0.04 per share in 2010. Our operating earnings increased for the quarter from about $110 million to over $140 million. As I mentioned a moment ago, given our strong year-to-date performance, coupled with our expectations for the balance of the year, we expect that our full year results will be in the upper half of our non-GAAP earnings range of $1.25 to $1.35 per share for 2011.  Shifting to our individual business unit results. Let's start in Indiana with our Electric business, as summarized on Slide 5. The pending electric rate case settlement is unquestionably a huge milestone for NIPSCO, its customers and our many other Indiana stakeholders. This landmark agreement has been literally years in the making, sets the stage for NIPSCO to provide customers with reliable, competitively-priced electric service while making long-term investments in our infrastructure. This outcome contributes to the economic vitality, environmental sustainability of northern Indiana while earning a fair return on NIPSCO's investment base. As I mentioned earlier, we anticipate receiving approval of the pending settlement by year end or early 2012.  Our Indiana team also continues to make significant progress on efforts to improve operating performance, meet customer needs and modernize our systems. For example, on the customer front, we received approval for a number of new electric energy efficiency programs that complement our existing natural gas conservation programs and help customers manage their energy costs. Progress also continues on significant environmental upgrades at NIPSCO's Schahfer Generating Station. I noted earlier, this work remains on schedule and on budget. As you'll recall, the Schahfer improvements are part of the NIPSCO environmental investments stream. With the next 6 to 8 years, that will approach $900 million. Taken together, these efforts are helping NIPSCO customers manage energy use, providing a long-term environmental and economic benefits for northern Indiana, supporting stable and sustaining earnings growth. The third quarter, our Electric Operations reported operating earnings of about $73 million compared to $80 million for the same period in 2010. Revenues were down about $4 million, primarily reflecting lower environmental spend and associated cost recovery compared to the third quarter of 2010. Operating expenses increased by about $3 million, primarily due to higher employee administrative expenses and rate case costs.  Let's now take a look at our NiSource Gas Transmission & Storage operations, highlighted on Slide 6. Jimmy Staton and the team are working aggressively to advance key strategies to enhance system reliability and customer service, develop new growth projects and leverage NiSource's strategic footprint in emerging shale production areas. The quarter, NGT&S generated operating earnings of about $68 million compared to about $76 million in 2010. Net revenues were up about $11 million, thanks to growth projects placed into service, as well as the impact of new Columbia Gulf rates that took effect subject to refund in May. Operating expenses were up $19 million for the quarter due primarily to an adjustment of an environmental reserve, totaling about $11 million.  As I noted earlier, Jimmy and his team are intently focused on developing and deploying a robust comprehensive strategy for meeting customer needs, maximizing the value of our extensive pipeline and storage assets and our attractive position in the Marcellus and Utica shale production regions. In the Marcellus area, our expansion projects continue to produce tangible results. In aggregate, we’ve added about 1.2 BCF per day of pipeline capacity in the Marcellus shale region. As I noted, that the team continues to aggressively pursue additional growth projects.  On the leadership front, just yesterday, we announced that 2 seasoned industry veterans are joining the NGT&S senior leadership team. Joe Shields, who most recently served as CEO of Millenium Pipeline, is joining NGT&S in the role of Chief Operating Officer, our regulated pipeline and storage businesses, reporting to Jimmy. In addition, Steve Warnick, who has served in a variety of executive positions in virtually every sector of the industry, including a stint with Chesapeake Energy, will be joining Joe's senior team as Senior Vice President of Supply and Business Development. You also may recall that we have announced a number of key leadership adds in our midstream business, most recent of which is John Howard, who joined the team as Senior Vice President for Strategy and Development. In his new role, John will support the development and execution of the company's midstream strategy, from mineral rights to project development. In tandem with our midstream efforts, the team is continuing to advance low-risk, high-value growth opportunities, including projects to serve gas-fueled electric generation markets. In addition to the Warren County, Virginia project that we announced earlier this year to serve a 1,300-megawatt new Dominion power-generating facility, the team is in active discussions with a number of large power generators to meet their needs for new natural gas infrastructure.  Before moving to our gas distribution unit, I'd like to touch on a couple of additional matters relating to NGT&S. First, I know there is considerable interest in the extent and potential value of our mineral rights, particularly in the Utica shale region. At this point, what we can share with you is this: we currently estimate that we have between 100,000 and 200,000 acres in the Utica area associated with our Ohio storage leases that may have potential for natural gas and/or oil production. We will refine this notional range as we continue our geotechnical and legal analysis and as the producers continue to delineate the parameters of the play. In addition, I would note that our ultimate mineral rights strategy and value will be heavily influenced by our ongoing discussions with key producers participating in the Utica, discussions I would describe as constructive, but not yet at a mature stage.  Finally, I want to emphasize that as we develop and assess our approach and our options for this opportunity, our focus will be on long-term shareholder value, which ultimately is what we're all about. I fully recognize that folks are anxious to receive additional detail and definition on our minerals opportunity. For our part, we are committed to being transparent and timely in providing high-quality, reliable information without premature speculative observations. This time, we expect to be in the position to provide further definition in the first quarter of next year. That said, if we have something meaningful to share prior to then, we'll certainly do so. Turning to the second NGT&S-related consideration. You would expect we've observed with keen interest a significant level of activity unfolding in the midstream business, including pending M&A transactions involving Southern Union in El Paso. In light of those developments, it might be helpful to take a moment to reiterate our perspective on our NGT&S business, which is very straightforward: we believe it's a great business and a key part of the NiSource portfolio, which have tremendous assets, exceptional investment opportunities, invigorated leadership and the ability to consistently grow earnings and increase value over the long term for our shareholders.  While we've consistently said that we have an open mind when it comes to options and approaches, including alternative structures to ensure we're optimizing the value of NGT&S, we believe that our current plan and structure continue to be the appropriate one for us. Having said that, I can assure you that our team will continue to explore and help us to continue optimizing our NGT&S business. Let's now shift to our Gas Distribution group, discussed on Slide 7. The hallmark of our Gas Distribution strategy is to work closely with all stakeholders to deliver a broad array of core infrastructure, customer and regulatory initiatives. Our team's execution of that strategy continues to be nothing short of exceptional. NiSource Gas Distribution operating earnings for the quarter were $8 million compared to a loss of about $41 million in the same period in 2010. Revenues were up $24 million while operating expenses were about $25 million less than last year, primarily as a result of lower depreciation cost and lower depreciation rates at NIPSCO Gas.  On the regulatory front, as I noted earlier, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission approved the settlement of Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania's base rate case. The order authorizes an annual revenue increase of about $17 million effective October 18. The Commission also approved the new rate design incorporating a higher minimum monthly charge, including a fixed customer charge and usage allocation. On the customer front, our Gas Distribution companies continue to introduce, expand programs to help customers reduce energy usage and manage their monthly bills. For example, Columbia Gas of Ohio filed a proposal with the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio to extend -- expand its broad array of energy efficiency programs for an additional 5 years starting in 2012. Over the life of the proposed programs, EOH estimates customers will save up to $300 million. And most notably, the Gas Distribution teams continue to execute on an industry-leading series of long-term infrastructure modernization and replacement programs. 2011, NGD is on pace to invest at a record level, more than $300 million, to ensure safe and reliable service. These investments are part of the more-than-$4-billion modernization program we've placed in motion over the past few years. As we've highlighted in prior discussions, these investments are part of our commitment to do the right thing to ensure continued safe, reliable and responsive service to our customers while supporting the NGD's earnings growth on a long-term sustainable basis.  Before we wrap up, I want to reiterate that we have a strong financial foundation to support our infrastructure, investment-driven business strategy. That foundation continues to be our commitment to preserving investment-grade credit rating, maintain the financial flexibility and liquidity necessary to support disciplined annual capital spend north of $1 billion.  At the end of the third quarter, NiSource maintain net available liquidity of over $460 million, as well as a stable investment-grade credit rating. We remain on track to invest more than $1.1 billion of capital expenditures this year. I also note that we continue to monitor historically-attractive debt capital markets for opportunities to reduce financing costs, extend our maturity profile and manage our liabilities; in particular, our pension obligations.  And on the equity side of the balance sheet, given our strong cash position, including the positive impact of bonus depreciation, we're now planning to draw upon the proceeds of our 2010 forward-sell equity offering in the second half of next year. To wrap up, as this quarter's and our year-to-date results passed, the NiSource team is continuing to build on a strong track record of delivering collaborative, regulatory and commercial solutions for our customers while making disciplined low-risk investments that will grow earnings on a sustainable basis. We are dedicated to maintaining this solid level of performance through the balance of the year to hit the ground running in 2012. Although much work certainly lies ahead, I'm convinced that we have a compelling game plan and the resources and capabilities to continue to deliver on our commitments, including our commitment to grow earnings in the 5% zip code on a long-term sustainable basis. Coupled with a secure attractive dividend, one we have to grow you in the not-too-distant future, we believe this plan creates compelling proposition for investors.  And as always, we will communicate with you and all of our stakeholders in a transparent and timely manner through our analyst calls and news releases posted on nisource.com. Thank you for participating today and for your ongoing interest and support of NiSource.  With that, Lacey, we can now open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Stephen Maresca with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Thanks a lot for the color kind of, Bob, on the midstream side.
Robert C. Skaggs: Good.
Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I'd a couple of questions just to follow-up on that. So you said 100,000 to 200,000 acres, now that's what you have associated with the storage. Are you still trying to figure out what mineral rights you have? Is that the deal or do you know your mineral rights on that number, that 100,000 to 200,000 acres?
Robert C. Skaggs: Typically, we have mineral rights associated with that number. I've got to be clear, we are in the midst of extensive legal geotechnical analysis to prove out, to establish precisely what we have with regard to the 100,000 to 200,000 acres. And to emphasize again, extensive legal and geotechnical work lies ahead.
Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. When you're thinking about once you find out what exactly it is, what are you thinking about in terms of how you deal with it? Should we think about how you handled the Marcellus transaction as something as a blueprint?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, that's certainly one approach, but I would say that we are taking through various approaches to best realize the long-term value of the assets and do what is expected, and as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are intently focused on how to ensure we optimize our downstream investment opportunities that are associated with those lease positions. More to come.
Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, absolutely. And you're building up quite the team in midstream, it seems. And you mentioned you added 1.2 Bcfe capacity in the Marcellus. And I appreciate the thoughts on the structure given all the activity. What would change your mind on structure? It seems to me that the opportunity side is growing, which is a good thing, but something where you could potentially benefit from another type of vehicle frees up capital and you could become even more of this kind of dividend growth company? What are you looking at that would change your mind, I guess, going forward?
Robert C. Skaggs: Well, to your point, we believe that our base business plan is extraordinarily strong. We believe it will be even more strong as we find our minerals position, as we complete the development of this midstream commercial team that Jimmy is compiling. We believe we have a strong, strong prospect and to deviate from that strong plan, it's going to have -- we're going to have to see something that is extraordinarily compelling.
Stephen J. Maresca - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. The final one is anything that could cause the NIPSCO settlement to slip? And could you remind the magnitude that you think potential impacts on earnings?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, we're literally at the stage of the process where the Commission is deliberating, so the hearings, the briefing process has been completed so this is in the Commission's office being considered for approval. As you may recall, the parties to the settlement urged the Commission to approve this agreement prior the year-end, and we believe that the way that we've handled the briefing -- the very small amount of opposition, we have a good shot of getting this approved prior to year-end. I don't see any blockages at this point. In terms of ongoing operating earnings lift ballpark number, it's about $40 million pretax. That's what we're looking at in the way of a lift. Yes, I would just remind you, tagging onto that, that we will be providing 2012 guidance probably in that January timeframe when we announce our earnings for the fourth quarter and the full year, and that will include the results of the NIPSCO rate proceeding.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Thank you for the update on the Utica every -- it's been on everyone's mind.
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, absolutely, we recognize that. And again, Paul, you and everybody else, we're going to be timely, transparent and it will be meaningful information, so stay tuned.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I just had a question. The NGT&S, there's $11 million remediation charge. Is that behind us or do we need to think there could be more of that coming?
Robert C. Skaggs: We believe that it's behind us now; never say never. There may be minor additions required in reserve over a period of time, but we believe that this -- [indiscernible] for all intents and purposes of it yet. And this relates to historic PCB cleanup, a consent decree, so this has been placed for many, many years and, again, we believe it's the tail-end of that project.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: How long do you think it takes discussions with producers to mature? Is this something you could talk about when we potentially meet early next year?
Robert C. Skaggs: Again, we are going to keep you up on a consistent basis with those discussions. We expect over time that we will be in a position to announce infrastructure investment arrangements with producers, so it's going to be an ongoing dialogue with the financial community.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: If you could pick the relationship you're going to have, what kind of interaction is there going to be between the infrastructure and the actual molecules?
Robert C. Skaggs: Sorry, Paul, I'm not following the question.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Do you think you're just going to sell the mineral rights outright or do you think there's going to be a more complicated relationship with the producers involved to your infrastructure?
Robert C. Skaggs: It's impossible to speculate on the exact nature of relationships with those. It's awfully dynamic and it does vary from case to case. But in my first question-and-answer, what I -- maybe the allusion to was at any arrangement we might have around minerals, we certainly want to ensure that we're positioned to capture the bulk of the downstream infrastructure investment opportunities, that sort of our business, investing in infrastructure, we want to capture everything we possibly can.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Yves Siegel with Credit Suisse.
Yves Siegel - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just to kick to continue -- to continue to kick the can down the road, I'm just -- really, just 2 questions as it relates to the Utica. One is, how complicated are the legal issues that you need to -- or perhaps the better way to say, could you elaborate on the scope of the legal issues that you need to evaluate?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, the entire oil and gas legal arena is pretty complicated. I want to put it in that context, I'm not sure our leases are extraordinary in one way or another. But if you're going to gain perspective, we're talking about thousands of leases over an extended period of time, it involves many, many different forms of leases and, therefore, different language the lease has been operated differently according to the storage. There are statutory considerations, there are common law considerations, there are equity considerations, so that gives you a bit of the dimensions that are involved when you undertake this sort of an extensive analysis. And again, I would emphasize, Yves, my point of view, this is not really extraordinary when you get into the oil and gas leasing legal arena, but our intent is to fully understand what we're on so we need to go through this very methodically and a very thorough manner.
Yves Siegel - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And the follow-up to that is who owns the leases though? Would that approve to the NiSource shareholders? Or do some of those leases belong to your -- to the utility customers?
Robert C. Skaggs: These are leases. We are the lessee, and they are held by our operating corporation, Columbia Gas Transmission.
Yves Siegel - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, I got it. And then lastly, not to be nitpicky but I think this is the second time you've discussed a 5% zip code as opposed to saying 3% to 5% in terms of thinking about earnings growth. Could I suggest that maybe you’re in a new zip code?
Robert C. Skaggs: Zip code, area code, what we've tried to be consistent about, we've been saying to the finance community, if we can sustain a -- annual CapEx spend at $1 billion or so, we would be at the upper part of the 3% to 5% range. This is now the second year that we've spent $1 billion. Certainly, next year, we would like to be a bit north of that. So we do believe that we are at a bit of a different zip code, so let's call it 5% though for the time being .
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Now you've said -- all right, so not to again beat a dead horse but one other question I wanted you to go, just with -- and this was really more of a clarification and it may make sort of an overlap, but when you mentioned the 100,000 to 200,000 acres, I guess I was trying to figure out because we have those geotechnical and legal issues to work through, are those -- is any one single issue creating an upper or lower bound? Meaning, do you -- we know we have at least 100,000 acres that might be prospective, but maybe there's 200,000 acres that legally we think is free and clear, and it is the geotechnical work more so than the legal, for instance, that's going to be the primary factor in that delta or vice versa? I don't know if there's any more color on that.
Robert C. Skaggs: The answer is no.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then maybe just one other -- to follow-up on the environmental -- on the pipeline side and just trying to kind of get a sense of the $19 million, perhaps, in total because there was a couple of other issues wrapped up in that. What was just related to the -- what you might call embedded personnel -- not the environment, not the feberance but just sort of the embedded piece maybe that we should look at as far as recurring?
Robert C. Skaggs: Carl, I'm not following your question. Talking about the core environmental reserve adjustment?
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Exactly, the $11 million of the $19 million, and I'm just trying to figure out how much of return beyond the $11 million might we see in third quarter of next year?
Stephen P. Smith: I will say it's in the $4 million range effects.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Just wondering in what counties do your potential Ohio Utica mineral rights cover?
Robert C. Skaggs: I can't give that to you over the phone and follow-up with Randy Hulen. We can you a little bit more of the geographical sense on when the storage assets lie.
Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, I can follow-up.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thank you. Yes, just do that offline.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Andy Levi with Caris.
Andrew Levi - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just kind of a follow-up to the last question. Can you give us some idea -- the middle of the state where most of the acreage is at State of Ohio, I should say, [indiscernible] Appalachia, Ohio, Flordia, broad geographic locations?
Robert C. Skaggs: I would say -- yes, it tends to be midwestern part of Ohio to the Eastern border is what -- where these facilities are. We can make available the Columbia Gas Transmission map and on that map, you will see storage fields, compressors stations and the like, and that will give you a sense -- a general sense of where our facilities are. That's readily available. But as I mentioned in our clear [ph] of questions, I would caution you not to extrapolate too much at this point because it would be pure extrapolation and involve a lot of speculation. But we can clearly -- we can show you where the facilities are situated.
Andrew Levi - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: And I guess I'm sorry because I'm on a train, but I guess you said they're basically located or focused on where your storage facilities are? Is that kind of the way to look at it?
Robert C. Skaggs: That's correct, yes. If you look at where our storage fields are sited, that typically is where the lease is up. That's where the leases are, in fact.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On this -- on the specific storage fields in Ohio, are you -- I mean, if it is still possible to lease acreage on top of those storage fields or do you have to keep those storage fields sort of separate from -- if acreage have to be kind of away from those storage fields, so you don't have to [indiscernible] reservoirs of some of those fields?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, you're getting way beyond my area of expertise, but one of the key considerations when you do your work around those, the assessment is we have to protect the integrity of the lease operations. That's first and foremost because you go through the geotechnical analysis, the operating analysis, maintain the integrity of the [indiscernible].
Andrew Levi - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Can you remind us a little bit of what exactly you guys did in the Marcellus? I know you leased some amount of acreage there from mineral rights or from leases you had in that particular area. Can you remind on what -- the negotiation you had with the -- with developers and the producers in that area, what came out of that facility, can I get an idea?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes. We...
Andrew Levi - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Kind of what take place going forward?
Robert C. Skaggs: Yes, we leased about 135,000 acres. Typically, the transactions involved an upfront bonus payment and we retained a 1/16 royalty, if you will, in production. In some cases, we may have had rights to proceeds from liquids, a portion of proceeds. So that was the general structure of these arrangements and the counter-parties involved, Chesapeake, CNX and Range.
Andrew Levi - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: And what would you say the contribution to earnings is from those leases that you guys put in place a while ago?
Robert C. Skaggs: Ballpark, royalty and any proceeds, roughly $10 million pretax. This has been what I said a while earlier in the call, our intent and interest is investing in facilities downstream. We considered these leases as being alignment of interest so that we could again reap the ability to invest downstream as opposed to the primary interest in creating a revenue stream. It's a nice thing to have, but our intent was to align ourselves with CNX, Chesapeake and Range in the Marcellus region.
Andrew Levi - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I guess you've mentioned that you have a map on the storage fields that we've seen some of that, but from what your understanding is of what producers have put out there in terms of what's in the so-called liquids-rich sort of region of the Utica? I mean, do you have an idea of kind of this storage fields sit in that window or is it mostly in the drag-us window?
Robert C. Skaggs: We're assessing that and, again, I alluded to this earlier, the producers are still in the midst of delineating that region and I think we've seen some notional delineation, but I think what's notable is the level of drilling activity in Ohio has still been very, very small. There have been only a dozen or so wells, that many drilled in Ohio, and it hasn't been expansive in terms of geographical coverage. From our perspective, we are very, very early in the stages of -- to understand what we've got.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Gabriele Sorbara with Caris & Co.
Gabriele Sorbara - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just another Utica question, I realize it does is very early in determining the acreage, that perspective for the play but can you provide some thoughts on maybe how you guys plan on getting this -- creating value from this asset? I realize you hired some new key people. Did they play a role in kind of determining your options in the Utica?
Robert C. Skaggs: Absolutely. It's going to be Jamie Stayton and his midstream team, coupled with legal and geotechnical advisors that will, number one, identify what we have and develop the strategy to best optimize position, and then begin to plan in executing the strategy.
Gabriele Sorbara - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Would you ever consider bringing in the rig? Or is it something you would farm out to JV ultimately.
Robert C. Skaggs: Just general business philosophy is that we are -- we're not a commodity business, we're a fee-for-infrastructure, investment-driven company, so we don't anticipate participating in production and commodity sorts of activities.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer portion of today's call. I would now like to turn the call back over to Bob Skaggs for closing remarks.
Robert C. Skaggs: Thank you all for your interest and your support. We'd certainly appreciate and we look forward to chatting with you in the not-too-distant future. Have a good day and good weekend. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day, everyone.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Kettering - Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs Robert Skaggs - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Yves Siegel - Crédit Suisse AG Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Thomas O'Neill James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc. Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 NiSource Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Crystal, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs.
Glen Kettering: Thank you, Crystal, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of NiSource, I'd like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hulen, Managing Director of Investor Relations. As you know, the focus of today's call is to review our financial performance for the second quarter of 2011 and provide a business update. We'll then open the call to your questions. At times during the call, we'll refer to the supplemental slides available on our website at nisource.com. I'd also like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking statements, and these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning those risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. And now I'll turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Robert Skaggs: Thanks, Glen. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. This morning's agenda is brief to allow as much time as possible for questions and discussion. To start things off, I'll touch on a few takeaways from our second quarter, including outstanding progress the team has made in executing our business plan. I'll then turn to key highlights for NiSource in each of our business units, and then we'll open the line to your questions.  First, I'd like to direct your attention to Slide 3 in the supplemental deck. As you'll see from the highlighted accomplishments for the quarter, we've made significant progress across NiSource in delivering on our balanced 4-part strategy for long-term sustainable growth.  Turning first to Indiana. As most of you know, on July 18, we filed a landmark settlement with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission of NIPSCO's 2010 electric rate case. The settlement, which enjoys widespread support, is the product of literally months of extensive discussions with customers and other regulatory stakeholders.  The agreement resolves all issues in the preceding -- would establish the foundation for NIPSCO to make ongoing investments in Northern Indiana's energy infrastructure. These investments will help fuel job creation, improve reliability, pave the way for new customer programs and provide a reasonable return for shareholders.  In terms of financial impacts, we're confident the settlement, if approved by the IURC, would position NIPSCO to deliver results fully in line with our expectations. As you would expect, the party's attention is now keenly focused on the approval process. And together, we've asked the IURC to act on the settlement by year end so the new rates can be placed into effect by early 2012.  Also on the regulatory front, in early July, we filed a partial settlement of our Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania rate case. If approved, the case will increase revenues by about $17 million annually. Among the 2 issues reserved for a determination by the Pennsylvania Commission is the prospective rate design for residential customers.  As many of you know, rate design reform is an area where we have made significant progress in a number of our states. And we're pleased to have the opportunity to make our case with the Pennsylvania Commission. We anticipate a resolution of the litigated issues as well as the settlement in time to place new rates into effect during the fourth quarter of this year.  Our NiSource's Gas Transmission & Storage, or NGT&S, unit delivered second quarter earnings that were impacted positively by a number of growth projects completed during the second half of 2010. The NGT&S team is delivering projects on time and on budget, and is continuing to build a solid portfolio of projects particularly in the Marcellus supply area.  Also noted on Slide 3, we remain committed to thoughtful and disciplined financial management and in particular to maintaining the strength and flexibility to execute our long-term $1 billion plus annual capital expenditure program.  During the second quarter, our finance team completed a $400 million 30-year bond offering, taking advantage of a very attractive interest rate environment.  We also introduced a $500 million commercial paper program, which further diversifies our short-term funding sources and is fully supported by our recently renewed revolving credit facility.  Although not mentioned on the slide, on the equity side of the balance sheet, as most of you know during September of last year, we successfully executed a $400 million forward equity sale, which we can draw upon at anytime through September of next year. Now a bit of a heads up, as we discussed on prior calls, our modeling assumption has been to draw half of the equity this September and the balance in September of 2012. That said, we've not yet made a firm decision on timing. Given our strong cash position including the significant positive impact of bonus depreciation, we're now considering the possibility of drawing the entire amount of the equity during the second half of next year.  Back to Slide 3, on a macro level, the key takeaway for the second quarter is that we're on track to deliver 2011 earnings solidly in line with our guidance of $1.25 to $1.35 per share non-GAAP.  With those highlights as a backdrop, let's now take a closer look at the quarter, starting with the snapshot of our financials on Slide 4. As you can see, we delivered second quarter net operating earnings non-GAAP of about $46 million or $0.17 per share compared to $0.13 per share in 2010. And our operating earnings increased for the quarter to approximately $162 million.  Turning to our individual business units. Let's start in Indiana with our electric business as summarized on Slide 5. In addition to the breakthrough progress on the electric rate case, our Indiana team continues to make significant progress on our efforts to improve operating performance, meet customer needs and modernize our services and rates.  On the operations front, we were particularly pleased with the exceptional performance of our electric generation fleet, as well as our transmission and distribution systems during the recent period of unprecedented hot weather across our operating area. On multiple occasions, we reached peak generation levels at near-record levels. From a financial standpoint, NIPSCO electric reported second quarter operating earnings of about $37 million compared to $48 million for the same period in 2010.  Revenues were essentially unchanged. While operating expenses increased by about $11 million over last year's levels, primarily due to higher planned electric generation cost.  Looking forward to rate case settlement, if approved by the IURC, will provide the underpinning for ongoing customer focus, infrastructure investments in service, reliability and environmental improvements and sustainable earnings growth for the company.  On the customer front, we recently received approval from the IURC on NIPSCO's feed-in electric and net metering programs. These programs allow customers to generate more of their own electricity using renewable energy to offset their utility costs.  In addition, just last week, the IURC approved NIPSCO's request for a variety of new electric energy efficiency programs designed to help the company's electric customers reduce their energy consumption and save money.  And last but certainly not least, NIPSCO's Flue Gas Desulfurization, or FGD units at the company's Schahfer Generating Station are under construction and remain on schedule and on budget. As you'll recall, our investments in these FGD units, is part of an up to approximately $850 million environmental investment stream over the next 8 years or so, will strengthen earnings while creating hundreds of project-related jobs and improving the environment and economic vitality of the region.  Let's shift now to our Gas Distribution Group discussed on Slide 6. NiSource Gas Distribution, or NGD, operating earnings for the quarter were about $49 million compared to about $36 million during the same period in 2010. Revenues were relatively unchanged. While operating expenses were about $12 million less than last year, primarily as a result of lower depreciation costs.  On the regulatory front, as noted earlier, the Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania base rate case is pending before the Pennsylvania Commission, and new rates are expected to be placed into effect in the fourth quarter of the year.  In addition, our investments in infrastructure modernization programs in Kentucky, Massachusetts, Ohio and Pennsylvania all continue to advance. As we've highlighted in prior discussions, these investments are designed to ensure continued safe, reliable and efficient service while at the same time growing NGD's earnings on a long-term sustainable basis.  And we continue to pair these programs with complementary regulatory activity. Most recently on June 1, Columbia Gas of Virginia filed a request with the Virginia State Corporation Commission for accelerating the recovery of certain infrastructure projects consistent with the law passed by the Virginia Legislature in 2010. We expect a decision from the commission in the fourth quarter.  Let's now take a look at our NiSource's Gas Transmission & Storage operations highlighted on Slide 7. Commercially, our NGT&S team continues to aggressively pursue an inventory of growth projects to serve supplier aggregation in other Marcellus production-related capacity requirements as well as growing natural gas needs of the power generation industry.  From an earnings standpoint, NGT&S generated operating earnings of about $85 million in the second quarter compared to about $75 million in 2010. Net revenues were about $14 million higher as a result of growth projects placed into service in 2010, as well as the impact of new rates placed into effect subject to refund by Columbia Gulf in May.  Operating expenses were up about $6 million over last year due to higher employee and administrative expenses and depreciation costs.  During the quarter, the team completed 2 significant Marcellus-related projects, our Southern Appalachian and Clendenin projects.  Other ongoing investments include the Rimersburg Expansion, the Smithfield project and the Line WB Expansion. These and other projects were highlighted on the key marker slide on the last page of the appendix to the supplemental materials.  I would also mention that as noted in this morning's press release, NGT&S has added a number of industry veterans to its senior commercial leadership ranks over the last several months. These key adds will support NGT&S' ability to capitalize on midstream and other commercial opportunities available across its extensive footprint.  In terms of investments to meet growing power generation demand, in May, NGT&S filed an application with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, or the FERC, to construct the pipeline infrastructure to provide 240,000 dekatherms of firm transportation to Virginia Power's planned 1,300-megawatt gas-fired generation facility in Warren County, Virginia. Pending approval by the FERC, the project is expected to be placed into service in 2014. NGT&S continues to actively pursue similar projects to serve new natural gas-fueled electric generation markets including coal conversion opportunities.  On the regulatory front, as I mentioned, Columbia Gulf placed new rates into effect subject to refund on May 1. The regulatory team currently is in advanced discussions with customers and other stakeholders to settle the case on a mutually acceptable basis, stay tuned. In the meantime, NGT&S remains intently focused on the continued execution of its strategy of maximizing the value of its current asset base and capturing disciplined, low-risk, high-value growth opportunities.  To wrap up, as this quarter's and year-to-date results attest, the NiSource team is continuing to build on its track record of delivering collaborative regulatory and commercial solutions for its customers and making disciplined, low-risk investments that will grow earnings on a sustainable basis. And the team is dedicated to maintaining its solid level of performance through the balance of the year and to hitting the ground running in 2012. Although much work certainly lies ahead, I'm convinced that we have a compelling game plan and the resources and capabilities to continue to look to deliver on our commitments, including our commitment to grow earnings in the 5% zip code on a long-term sustainable basis. As always, we'll communicate with you and all our stakeholders in a transparent and timely manner regarding these and all of our efforts through our analyst calls and news releases posted on nisource.com.  Thank you for participating today and for your ongoing interest and support of NiSource. Now Crystal, if you would, let's open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from the line of Steve Maresca with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: So first thing, I want to talk on the NGT&S, and you deepened your leadership ranks there. And maybe you can talk about is this due to the fact that you may be seeing more growth potential in that business than before? And just what do you think the opportunities are in the next 2 to 3 years and how you're seeing that play out? And as a subset to that obviously, recently, there's been talk about even a new play in the Utica. I know it's very early, but just sort of where your assets fit in with that potentially as well.
Robert Skaggs: Well, I think, you've covered all the key considerations that went into deepening and expanding the team. Number one, we remain very, very bullish on the Marcellus, particularly the wet region where our footprint sits atop that play. If you recall that our stated intention is to deploy about $200 million in that region of the Marcellus on an annual basis. This year, we're going to spend about $150 million. So we certainly want to ramp that up, accelerate it and hit the $200 million mark in that area. We continue to see opportunities, and the team's charge is to capture those opportunities. You also hit though on the other consideration and that's the emergence of the Utica play, particularly in Ohio and Western Pennsylvania -- Eastern Ohio and Western Pennsylvania. Again, I would suggest that we believe we have a great position with regard to facilities, our footprint acreage position. We are engaged. We're aggressive. We want to be on front of that emerging opportunity. So over the next 6, 12, 18 months as that region is defined or that opportunity is defined and drilling ramps up, we want to be there. We want to be very, very active.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Are you seeing in at least the Marcellus right now with the activity and some competition, are you seeing any pressure on costs on your end?
Robert Skaggs: Not to a material extent. You're correct, there is competition. But we believe that the economics -- at least for our projects, the economics are holding up.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Final question, and I'll get back in queue. With the rate settlement in the IURC needing approval, are there any -- what are the next steps before getting out of the things that we should be looking for over the next several months?
Robert Skaggs: Yes, we're still in the -- deep into the approval of process. There have been 2 rounds of testimony submitted to support the settlement agreement one set was -- by the company, by NIPSCO. A second set that I recommend you may take a look at is a very, very well done testimony by interveners that support the testimony. In about mid-August, we'll see another submission of testimony. There's one group that does not support the settlement, so we'd expect to see that circa mid-August. Then in mid-September, there will be a hearing on the settlement against the document, the agreement and to move it to the next step. And as you know and recall, the settlement provides for commission approval by year end. So that's what everyone is working on is to secure that approval, so that rates can go into effect the first of 2012.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: First of all, just on weather, it wasn't clear to me. I saw the weather adjustment, I see that industrial sales were up a lot. But it seemed that there was a bit of -- I guess, the residential and commercial seemed to be a little bit down. What's going on there?
Robert Skaggs: Yes, I will just make a couple of observations. Number one, it's a shoulder month -- or shoulder period, shoulder quarter on the gas side certainly on the electric side. So for us, it's hard to draw many firm conclusions on what's going on in the residential and commercial fronts. Our assumption as we provided outlooks to the financial markets has been that the residential market would be relatively flat in terms of usage. We still believe that is the case. And I think from one quarter particularly as a shoulder quarter, it's hard to draw additional conclusions and insights beyond that. So we wouldn't read too much into it. Just to make a bit of an editorial comment about the economy in Northwest Indiana, it continues to be somewhat sluggish. We see a few signs of accelerated recovery but certainly nothing that we would consider to be a trend. As you indicated, the industrial volumes look pretty good for the quarter. But again, we would just say that we believe the recovery is going to be very slow, very measured. Our plan reflects that. Our plan does not reflect any robust recovery in any of the usages or deliveries in the entire footprint.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then in terms of the gas transmission business and the management changes there, is there any more thought process that you want to add to in terms of the potential for an MLP or activities such as that, that we might want to think about that you might want to talk about?
Robert Skaggs: Yes. Let me just be clear on the management team and the addition of folks at NGT&S for the midstream. There weren't changes. We are building, supplementing, augmenting the team. And so that's what that was about as opposed to "changes". It was really bolstering a good team that we have in place. In terms of MLP and structure right now, we feel like we do have the appropriate structure. I've consistently mentioned that the MLP is on our radar screen. We continue to monitor, review and consider that and other structures. But for the time being, we believe we have the proper structure in place to optimize the opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Can you give us the capital associated with the Rimersburg, Smithfield and WB?
Robert Skaggs: Yes, they're relatively small. In total, it's about $35 million of investments. Smithfield and WB are in the $14 million to $15 million zip code. Rimersburg, at least the first phase of Rimersburg, is about $6 million.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And then in Virginia, around the acceleration of the reliability, it's kind of going from what to what?
Robert Skaggs: Are we talking about Columbia Gas of Virginia and its falling under the, Save Program?
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Yes.
Robert Skaggs: Yes, it's about $20 million a year is what we're going to be spending on that program, so $20 million a year. And that is incremental, Paul, just to be clear.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Just your talk around the drawdown of the equity balance. I haven't run the numbers, but is that upside to your guidance of $1.25 to $1.35 if you wait to put those shares out?
Robert Skaggs: No, it's not upside. So it's reflected in the outlook we're giving you for 2011.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And then obviously, there's a big transaction of a company that looks a lot like NiSource in a lot of people's views.
Robert Skaggs: Yes, I heard about that.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: I read something about that. How do you think about that?
Robert Skaggs: Well, we believe it certainly underscores, highlights, amplifies the inherent value of our assets. So it certainly reinforces what we believe to be true that our assets are extremely valuable. It certainly sharpens our focus to ensure that we have a solid business plan across all the business units and that we execute against that plan in a very aggressive way. And I would just maybe take a moment to add that with all 3 business units now positioned to grow consistently with what we believe are very, very deep inventory of investment opportunities at each of our business units, with we believe the opportunity to grow the dividend in the not-too-distant future and increase visibility of all of the businesses, we do believe that we have a runway for an increased valuation. I think you may have heard Steve, Glen and I talk to you and others about headroom on the multiple of our value. And then going forward, we believe that we ought to be valued more closely to high-quality gas LDCs. And if you look at those valuations, you look at a sum of the parts -- sum of a parts analysis of NiSource, there's probably 2 turns of value -- multiple value that we need to go after. So we're going to be making that case. And again, the clarity that we have now at NIPSCO, the increased inventories we have at all the units, we think we can make a compelling case for additional shareholder value.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Last time we talked, there was some thought about another analyst day. Where does that stand?
Robert Skaggs: We certainly are focused, number one, two, three and four, in the regulatory process in Indiana. So we need to work through that process with our stakeholders, and we'll be back to you later on additional discussions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Dobson with Wunderlich Securities.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: Congrats on the additions at NGT&S, I agree with your concept. Bolstering out that team is great, given the opportunity you have. And I'd really like to start there. I know the first questioner was asking about this -- but Bob, let me push back a little bit. What's the magic around $200 million of CapEx? And I know you're not quite there yet. So it's a high-class problem, given what's going on in the Marcellus and potentially in the Utica. But it seems like there's a lot of opportunity. You have a great team. I consistently struggle at 30,000 feet, why we can't grow even faster than we are?
Robert Skaggs: Yes, and $200 million a year in the Marcellus is not a cap, Jay. It's a near-term target to get the spend up. And obviously, we preached and will continue to preach disciplined and focused investments. So when we say $200 million, it's not a cap, it's a near-term objective. We certainly would do more if we see projects that make sense financially and strategically. And I just want to remind you and everybody else that it was only 3, 4 years ago that across NiSource we were just purely in a maintenance mode. And our CapEx spend was roughly $0.5 billion. In very quick order, we've ramped it up to $1.1 billion. So we have just -- we've blown up, we're very quickly. We want to take it to the next level. Building the team is one step of many to do that. And again, I'll just re-emphasize that we will grow as fast as the opportunities and the financial flexibility and the discipline allow us to do it, no artificial constraints.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: Okay, no that's great. And you know, don't misunderstand. Certainly the discipline, I think, is an incredibly important part in these rapidly developing areas. But if you're not at $200 million this year, is $200 million sort of a reasonable objective for '12?
Robert Skaggs: Yes. I think that's the zip code. If we see more projects, it could bump above. If we don't see projects that fit our perspective, then it might be a little bit less.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: Got you, no that's perfect. And to go back to the transaction that's been widely reported that you were just talking about. When I look at things in a little more granular sense, obviously, it would be very easy for you, all, to raise the flag and say the company is for sale. But certainly when you look at valuations like are being touted for Southern Union, it certainly is got to make you look at your portfolio and say which assets, if we were to receive a favorable price, we would part with. Have you guys started to look at some of that stuff? And maybe give us a little idea of at least what would be in that realm of possibility?
Robert Skaggs: Yes, the focus has been on the business plan and making sure that we have a business plan that's robust, we can execute against. And that's been the primary focus, has been fixing these businesses and repositioning them. We've seen the market respond favorably to the work that we've done. And we think if we continue to focus on growth, take a look at the dividend, provide more visibility and, as I said, make the argument, which we think we can in a convincing way that we have value headroom when you look at the company. We think that's going to be in the shareholder interest.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: Got you. But you would say there's really no -- we shouldn't be anticipating any asset sales or other things you would put up just for sale, anticipating the market to pay a better price and perhaps you think is worth.
Robert Skaggs: Right now, the focus is -- it's always shareholder focused, Jay. You know that. And right now, we don't have assets up for sale. We love the portfolio, and we love the business plan. And the focus is going to be increasing valuation.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: No, that's fantastic, and definitely have assembled a great portfolio. Last question, Bob, on the Columbia Gas -- sorry, the Columbia Gulf settlement, timing on that? I know you sort of said stay tuned but...
Robert Skaggs: Yes, stay tuned. The team is hard at work. Again, a constructive group of stakeholders have made great progress, I would say sooner rather than later. And we hope to wrap this up by year's end.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: A lot of the questions hit here, maybe just one on NGT&S, and when we've talked a little bit certainly about the deepening and building of the management team, perhaps now looking over at Utica very -- what is looking to be a very wet gas play. Bob, has this changed at all your thought process of evaluating further down the midstream chain, i.e. processing or other things that are -- could bring commodity exposure if you find the right deal or the right EBITDA deployment? Or should we be thinking about this strictly in more of the what you've kind of built a great track record here in 2011 as far as the smaller but fee-based type of projects?
Robert Skaggs: The heart of the strategy continues to be fee-based, Carl. We would certainly consider activities back to the wellhead, but I would underscore our orientation. Our bias is fee-based versus commodity exposure. But we would be interested in playing across the entire chain.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So when you say across the entire chain, so is the processing for fee?
Robert Skaggs: If it fits the right risk and operational profile, we would consider processing fee-based.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Understood. The other question just actually 2 small ones on the Flue Gas, the FGD units. Do I still have my numbers right, we're looking at a very big potential spend here over the next 8 years, over the next 3 years or including 2011 -- 2011 to 2013 still roughly in the $200 million mark, or has that -- has any of that gotten more front-end loaded?
Robert Skaggs: I would say over the next 3 to 4 years, we would be approaching $0.5 billion in spend. So it's accelerated compared to where we were maybe a year ago, Carl. But I would say over the last, gosh, 9 months, 6 months, we've been talking in terms of a spend that we would front-load almost $500 million. That's consistent with the settlement agreement that we reached with the EPA. And that agreement consequently has been consistent with the new regulations that the EPA has issued. Now those are ballpark numbers, but order of magnitude, that's directionally correct.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And that's 3 to 4 years beyond 2011? Just to make sure I've got the timeframe correct.
Robert Skaggs: Yes.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And maybe just last question to your comments on the opportunity to grow the dividend in the not-too-distant future, tremendous achievement I think. Should we still be thinking of a stated payout ratio in the 55% to 60% range, or is that more sort of a rule of thumb and not necessarily a hard range?
Robert Skaggs: Well, I'd say at the outset to be determined. We need to engage the board, although the board has been keenly interested in the dividend, and when we can resume growth, we need to engage the board on specifics. What we've said internally and externally is we've taken note of the peers -- many of our peers who are in a payout range of 60% to 70%, obviously midpoint 65%. Some have talked in terms of that payout ratio. Some of them have talked in terms of annual growth. We just haven't made that decision yet. First things first, we need to finish our process here in Indiana with NIPSCO and then take up that consideration.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yves Siegel with Credit Suisse.
Yves Siegel - Crédit Suisse AG: I'm just curious on -- and I hate to kick a can, but on the MLP discussion, could you just again review sort of the pros and cons, especially sort of within the context of trying to unlock value for shareholders?
Robert Skaggs: Yes. Let me maybe begin on the technical side, and Steve can certainly supplement my comments. Number one, we originally looked at the MLP as an opportunity. We, in fact, filed with the SEC for the opportunity. We were looking at small, organic, discrete drop-down projects that would build a small MLP. Again, the growth that, that opportunity 3 or 4 years ago, small individualized projects that were discrete. As the market has changed and the growth profile has changed, we're now seeing growth projects on our system that are integrated, intertwined with our system. They tend to be add-ons, bolt-ons, debottlenecking, looping, added compression on existing facilities, and those projects haven't been amenable to a small drop-down strategy. So we have not seen, technically speaking, a good fit for the MLP when we look at our current growth profile, and I would emphasize current growth profile. Again, we're not discounting this out of hand. When we looked at other forms of the MLP, we've had a concern because of tax basis. Our current assets are very, very low, tax-based assets, so that's been a consideration. Last but not least, and it's less of a -- may in certain quarters be less of an issue today than it was previously is credit agency concern. And 2 years ago, 3 years ago, of course, credit rating concerns were acute. And we felt that an MLP might disturb the view of the credit rating agencies around NiSource. So that gives you some of the key considerations that we've had to deal with in the past, and that we currently are dealing with.
Yves Siegel - Crédit Suisse AG: And then, as you think about expanding perhaps into Utica, what's the thought process in terms of JV with others to help maybe mitigate some of that commodity price risk that you could have if you decide to move into processing?
Robert Skaggs: Again, we would consider those sort of structure as opportunities unfold. We've used JVs in situations such as the Millennium Project, Hardy Storage Project or in a joint development arrangement with UGI on the PENNSTAR project. So situation by situation, we would consider JVs. And if they fit, we'd certainly go down that track.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom O'Neill with Green Arrow.
Thomas O'Neill: I apologize if I missed this earlier. I was jumping back and forth, could you clarify what acreage position you guys have in the Utica and the Marcellus and just what mineral rights exist?
Robert Skaggs: Yes, let me start with the overall view on acreage. We do have extensive acreage in Ohio and Pennsylvania. The acreage tends to be associated with storage fields. And the strata cover tends to be relatively extensive. In the past, we've had 3 arrangements where we have leased acreage. It's been Marcellus acreage as opposed to any other strata or rights. So we retained a fairly significant footprint in Ohio and Pennsylvania that would have Utica opportunities. We've not yet defined with precision how many of those acres are in fact leasable. But I would suggest that they're significant.
Thomas O'Neill: Okay, when do you suspect you'd...
Robert Skaggs: More color to come, Tom.
Thomas O'Neill: Okay. Just in future calls or...
Robert Skaggs: Yes, as we delineate our position and as the Utica becomes a little bit more clear and defined, we can give you better guidance on what that position looks like. And again, how many of the acres are in fact leasable because they are associated with storage. They have other considerations attached to them. And I'm a bit hesitant to give you a number when it lacks the precision and detail that really makes it meaningful to you.
Operator: That does conclude our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to hand it back to Bob Skaggs for closing remarks.
Robert Skaggs: Crystal, thanks so much. And again, we want to thank you for your interest in NiSource, your support and your participation on this morning's call. Thanks, and we'll see you in the not-too-distant future.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you so much for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Kettering - Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs Robert Skaggs - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Elvira Scotto - Crédit Suisse AG Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2011 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. My name is Laura, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Glen, please proceed.
Glen Kettering: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of NiSource, I'd like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hulen, Managing Director of Investor Relations. As you know, the focus of today's call is to review our financial performance for the first quarter of 2011 and provide a business update. We'll then open the call to your questions.  At times during the call, we will refer to the supplemental slides available on our website at nisource.com. I'd like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statement. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings.  And now, I'll turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Robert Skaggs: Thanks, Glen, and good morning, and thanks for joining us today. This morning's agenda is brief to provide us as much time as possible for questions and discussion. So first I'll touch on a few key takeaways from our first quarter performance. Next, I'll note several key highlights for NiSource and each of our business units, and then we'll open the line to your questions.  To kick off, a few key takeaways from the first quarter. If you turn to Slide 3 in the supplemental materials, you'll see several headlines but the core message is this, we're on track.  First and foremost, our numbers are on track, perhaps more so than immediately meets the eye, as I'll touch on in a moment. The strength of this year's performance, if anything, is obscured a bit by a few items. So again, the overriding takeaway is that NiSource's regulatory, commercial and operational fundamentals are quite strong and our year-to-date performance is squarely in line with our 2011 earnings outlook.  Second, our Indiana strategy is on track. As you know, a key focus for our NIPSCO team is successful resolution of our 2010 electric rate case. That case is moving forward, and we still expect resolution at the end of the year or early next year.  Third, we're also building on our track record of successful regulatory and infrastructure modernization programs at our gas utilities. These efforts are generating positive results this year, and will continue to build long-term shareholder and customer value going forward.  And finally, we remain on track with our growth investments at our Gas Pipeline and Storage business, with a particular emphasis on those projects that leverage our very attractive footprint in the Marcellus Shale region.  Underpinning all these efforts is our commitment to effective financial management, and a strong liquidity profile is demonstrated by our new $1.5 billion 4 year revolving credit facility that we closed in early March.  So the 10 second sound bite is this, NiSource is on track to deliver on a robust agenda of infrastructure investments paired with exceptional commercial and regulatory execution.  With that preface, let's now take a closer look at the quarter, starting with our overall financial highlights on Slide 4.  As you can see, we delivered first quarter net operating earnings, non-GAAP, of about $202 million or $0.72 per share. As I mentioned a moment ago, the year-over-year comparison is skewed a bit by 3 items: first, the quarter's revenues were reduced almost $20 million as a result of rate design changes under last year's favorable NIPSCO gas rate case settlement. Notably, those revenue impacts will be mitigated through the course of the year. Second, during the quarter, we recorded a non-recurring $8 million accounting charge related to environmental costs at NIPSCO. And third, in last year's first quarter, we recognized revenues of about $8 million, associated with the sale of native storage gas.  When you take these items into consideration and consider the strong fundamentals posted for the quarter, you get a clearer picture of the ongoing earnings momentum we're building here at NiSource.  With that, let's dive into our individual business unit results, starting with Indiana and our Electric business on Slide 5.  Our Indiana team continues to make significant progress on our efforts to improve performance, modernize services and rates and restore NIPSCO's earnings to an appropriate level. From a financial standpoint, NIPSCO electric reported first quarter operating earnings of about $42 million compared to $46 million for the same period in 2010. Notably, NIPSCO saw an increase in its industrial margins and usage that helped drive a net revenue increase of about $9 million, excluding trackers.  Operating expenses increased by about $13 million over last year's levels. However, that jump was due in large measure to the environmental charge that I mentioned a moment ago. On the regulatory front, NIPSCO remains on track to establish new electric base rates by late 2011 or early 2012. While the formal rate case process continues to move forward, NIPSCO is actively engaged in settlement discussions with all of its stakeholders. Once resolved, we're confident the case will position the company for ongoing growth through continued customer focus, investments in service, reliability and environmental infrastructure.  Speaking of investments, NIPSCO is moving ahead on installation of a new Flue Gas Desulfurization or FGD unit at our Schahfer Generating Station. Preliminary engineering is complete, and the crews have prepped the site and started construction. You'll recall that this is the first of a number of FGD units planned across NIPSCO's system. These investments, more than $600 million over 6 to 8 years, will strengthen earnings while creating hundreds of project-related jobs and improving the environment and economic vitality of the region. Together, these new units will reduce SOx emissions by an additional 80% beyond current levels. Let's now shift to our Gas Distribution group on Slide 6.  Our Gas Distribution operating earnings for the quarter were about $237 million compared to about $235 million during the same period in 2010. As I noted earlier, there's a bit of noise, net revenues excluding trackers were down due to the change in NIPSCO gas rate design, as were expenses.  On the investment front, Columbia Gas Kentucky, Columbia Gas of Massachusetts, Columbia Gas of Ohio, and Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania all continued to advance their significant infrastructure modernization programs during the first quarter. These ongoing programs, which began more than 3 years ago, proactively and systemically replaced portions of our system to ensure continued reliable and efficient service, at the same time, growing earnings. As we continue to pair these programs with complementary regulatory activity, in fact, just last week, we received approval from the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio on our most recent filing to recover costs associated with our infrastructure replacement and energy efficiency programs, which will increase yearly revenues by about $24 million effective May 1.  And in Pennsylvania, our team is advancing a base rate case filed in January, seeking enhanced revenues of about $38 million. The rate case is paired with an improved rate design, and new programs to help senior citizens and others better manage their energy costs. We expect to resolve that case by year's end.  Without question, we believe the strong focus on infrastructure, modernization at our utilities, along with appropriate regulatory treatment, will benefit our customers and communities, as well as NiSource's shareholders for decades to come.  Let's now take a look at our NiSource Gas Transmission & Storage Operations, highlighted on Slide 7.  Here, the team's focus continues to be on market-driven growth projects, with particular emphasis on our extensive opportunities in the Marcellus Shale region. From an earnings standpoint, the NGT&S team generated operating earnings of about $119 million in the first quarter compared to about $126 million in 2010. Net revenues were relatively flat for the quarter, as a result of last year's native storage gas sales. Operating expenses were up only about $3 million.  Commercially, our NGT&S team continues to aggressively pursue an inventory of growth projects, ranging from traditional transportation and storage services, to power generation, supply aggregation, and other Marcellus production-related projects. Some of our other near-term Marcellus investment includes the Clendenin and Smithfield projects, Line WB, and the Southern Appalachia project. Together, these projects will generate about 0.5 Bcf per day of new firm transportation capacity.  Also driven by increased Marcellus production, Millennium Pipeline completed a binding open season for proposed mainline expansion projects to provide incremental firm transportation capacity to northeast markets. Notably, prior to the open season, the company executed binding preceding agreements with 2 anchor shippers.  We're also advancing the new power generation project in the mid-Atlantic region. Although we can't share specific details at this time, it's clear the power generation market has real potential for us, given our strategic footprint between major generation hubs and the Marcellus Shale region. You'll soon see our FERC certification filing for this power gen [generation] project.  On the regulatory front, Columbia Gulf 2010 $50 million general rate case moved forward with the company placing new rates into effect subject to refund on May 1. Columbia Gulf and the parties to the case are actively engaged in discussions to resolve the case.  As you can see, the NGT&S team continues to execute on its strategy of maximizing the value of its current asset base and capturing disciplined, low risk, high value growth opportunities. To wrap up, 2 key points. First, we're squarely in line with our expectations and remain on track to meet the net operating earnings guidance of $1.25 to $1.35 per share, non-GAAP, for 2011. Second, we remain confident that NiSource will sustainably grow long-term earnings in the range of 3% to 5% annually, perhaps a bit more in the near term, so we execute on our Indiana business and regulatory agenda.  As always, we'll communicate with you and all our stakeholders in a transparent and timely manner regarding these and all of our efforts through our analyst calls and news releases posted on nisource.com. Thank you for participating today, and for your ongoing interest and support of NiSource.  Laura, let's now open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Could you just maybe give us some mile posts or milestones to look for in a potential settlement in the Indiana electric case?
Robert Skaggs: Sure, Paul. Maybe just a pressing comment or 2. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're active in settlement discussions. We're in the midst of a round of one-on-one discussions, small group discussions. The discussions have gone according to plan. As you've heard me comment on several occasions, this is going to require concerted, concentrated efforts. But so far, so good. Process wise, we believe we're still up in that sweet spot or that window of time, where we believe we can reach a resolution. There's another round of evidentiary hearings scheduled for mid-month. That will again involve NIPSCO witnesses [ph] talking about cost allocation, rate design and the like. The intervener stakeholders are then slated to present their testimony. I believe it's in August, give or take, Paul. So we believe between now and August, Labor Day, we have that window of opportunity to work with the stakeholders and they continue to be responsive, constructive and we're working hard at achieving that settlement.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: I guess, over the last couple of months, would you think you've gotten more or less optimistic about the prospects of settling?
Robert Skaggs: We stay very balanced about the prospects of settlement. As I've, again, repeatedly said, this case is challenging because it involves cost allocation, which requires a shifting of dollars among customer classes. And again, that's heavy lifting. So realistic approach to this, we have a fair shot at getting a summon. We're approaching it creatively. And I'm still relatively optimistic. I've also said that the second track of this proceeding is litigation. We feel very, very good about that track, we feel very, very good about our position. I would note that we've just seen the Commission issue a fairly significant rate decision in a vectoring case. We believe that decision is instructive, constructive and frankly, helpful to our litigation position. So we go down both tracks in a realistic and concerted effort, Paul.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And then just, separately, the Columbia Gas $50 million revenue increase, how seasonal is that?
Robert Skaggs: Paul, just for clarification, I'm just looking at the team here. I'm not sure I fully understood your question. But are you referring to the Columbia Gulf rate proceeding, rate case?
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: The FERC case.
Robert Skaggs: Yes. As I mentioned, those rates went into effect subject to refund on May 1. Like Columbia Gas Transmission and many of the interstate pipelines, it's primarily a fixed variable rate design. So once those rates are -- they have gone in effect, but once they are deemed just and reasonable, we collect those on a fixed variable basis, so they're spread fairly evenly throughout the year.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Perfect. That's exactly what I was looking for.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Dobson from Wunderlich.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: A couple of questions. First, start off on industrial sales particularly in the electric side. I know you've got a lot of concentration there. But 20 points, 3% increase in the quarter is pretty healthy growth. Just give us an idea sort of what you're seeing in the industrial side, certainly, after addressing electric, I'd love to hear what you think on the gas side, a little less concentration there?
Robert Skaggs: Yes, let me start on the electric side. As you've observed, the numbers are relatively strong. They're certainly being led by the steel manufacturers in the region. And, James, sure you've seen some of the announcements from U.S. Steel and Mills about a relatively bullish outlook on demand through the first 3 quarters of the year. And again, those outlooks are being reflected in their production in this region. You mentioned that we were up considerably quarter-to-quarter. We're also up fairly strongly first quarter compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. So again, we're seeing a reasonably good amount of strength in that area. I just remind you and everybody that our plan assumes a very measured, relatively slow recovery of the economy. So our outlook's not premised on a spike in demand. And, again, we're encouraged by this but our plan's not predicated on this being sustained over the near term. Paul, I'm sorry, Jay, you also mentioned gas volumes. And again, you see some pretty good strength across the footprint on industrial manufacturing throughput. So again, we're encouraged, the plan is not predicated on those sorts of increases continuing, but we feel pretty good about where we stand. And just one other editorial, and I know you recognize that on the industrial side, particularly on the gas side of our business, the margins for incremental throughput are relatively thin, relatively thin. So you're not going to see huge pops in revenue associated with that. And I'd also say on the electric side, we need the strength in the economy. We certainly enjoy the strength in the production. But again, a lot of the margin revenues are not being driven by those industrial increases.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: Right. No, no, I absolutely recognize as you pointed out in the slides, $9 million revenue for a 20% growth in industrial sales. I absolutely appreciate that. That is great. And then on just the Marcellus infrastructure, just sort of your latest thoughts. Obviously, that area continues to be hot and I'd imagine from your perspective, ripe with infrastructure investment opportunities. How do you see that developing over the next couple of years? Most of us would probably measure it in the form of capital spending and opportunities for you all to invest and hence, produce earnings and cash flow?
Robert Skaggs: We think going forward over the next couple of years, our target, and we've been fairly clear on this, is to spend about $200 million a year in the Marcellus region. On, relatively speaking, small bite sized projects that debottleneck, add capacity and the like. This year, we're going to spend about $150 million in the region. We believe we're on track for that spend. And the vast majority of the spend will continue to be on those bite size, smaller projects to enable the production to get to a liquid point as quickly as possible. Like you, we see the region continuing to be active, and we continue to work with the key players in the region: Range, CONSOL, MarkWest and others.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: That's great. And then lastly, I don't think I quite follow you in your earlier comments, Bob, but you mentioned an accounting charge of about $8 million and you put it in the environmental category. I was wondering, if you could just give us a little insight there. I'm sure it's in the Q.
Robert Skaggs: Yes, this is a NIPSCO electric. By the way, I don't believe it is, yes, it is in the Q, sure it would be in the Q. This is a NIPSCO electric, and during a routine scrub of our regulatory assets at NIPSCO, we discovered a relatively few old and relatively old deferrals of NIPSCO environmental cost that we just didn't believe are recoverable. And I'd just emphasize a couple of things. Nonrecurring, this is not a go-forward problem with environmental cost, this is not a go-forward problem with the environmental cost recovery tracker in Indiana.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: So more of just a cleanup of some of these older costs?
Robert Skaggs: Yes, just a routine scrub.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: Dynamite. I appreciate the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Maresca from Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: A couple of questions, if I may, on the Gas Transmission & Storage. First on the quarter, and just -- the earnings were down a little bit, but -- and you mentioned, decreased your short term [ph] transportation and storage services. Help me think about what's the outlook for that, for the remainder of this year over the next 4 quarters? And how should we be thinking about the decrease in the quarter? I know there was a gain in the first quarter of '10 that helped that?
Robert Skaggs: You could just take a close look at the numbers. But let me give you the negatives and the positives when I think about NGT&S for the quarter and for the year, and you mentioned a couple of them. We had the storage gas sale first quarter of 2010. Our optimization business, park and loan business continues to be flat or down a bit. And then there's also a interest increase that occurred at Millennium as they firmed up their financing. Again, these are unusual out of the ordinary sorts of occurrences, I think, that do skew the quarter a bit. But when you drill down and look on the NGT&S numbers, several notable pluses and takeaways that continue for the balance of the year and going forward. Number one, you'll see demand and commodity revenues are up in a very positive fashion, again reflecting projects, re-contracting and the like. You'll also see that volumes are up considerably. And third, their underlying expense structure continues to be well-managed, aggressively managed. And then last but not least, beginning in May, we have the lift from the Columbia Gulf rate case. We'll reserve a portion of that case, but nonetheless, we'll have a significant lift coming in. So again, when you cut through a bit of the noise and look at the key fundamentals, demand, commodity, volumes, expenses, regulatory activity and then the projects that we're working on, we feel good about NGT&S and where it stands.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: Okay, that was helpful. Switching, same segment but into the growth outlook, and you talked about 150 this year, 200 as a target annually in the Marcellus region. What sort of needs are you seeing from producers right now? Is it more on the strict pipe side or would you consider, think about getting into more of a liquid opportunity, if that arose? And how are contracts being -- are they still favorable, is there still enough demand to get commitments?
Robert Skaggs: Yes, on the last one, we believe the market is still favorable to get commitments and structure arrangements that we feel meet our risk profile. In the way of what the producers are looking for and you touched on most of those, but it's a gathering, quasi gathering, debottlenecking, getting gas to liquid points, where they can monetize as quickly and effectively as they can. We do believe that there will be opportunities for processing and the like, liquid handling and the like. That hasn't necessarily been our sweet spot. Would we consider opportunities to enable or to leverage our ongoing investments in the area? Sure. But they're going to have to meet our risk return profile. And again, we do believe there are opportunities in that region. We've said this consistently, we don't see production levels at levels that would support large scale, long line expansion projects. We do believe though as production grows, and we do have more critical mass, the gas will go further downstream, we'll seek markets that will require larger scale investments. But for the time being, the bite size, access providing sorts of projects, that's where we'll continue to focus.
Stephen Maresca - Morgan Stanley: Okay, that's helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst from BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Actually, this -- Bob, if I could just key off the last comment you made. Most of my questions have been answered here. But in recognizing that you guys are speaking at LDC forums and trade group meetings all the time. There was one media article that ran about perhaps you guys looking at a mid-Atlantic pipeline, which if I kind of go into memory, I don't know if I remember the name right, but it was like the old Patriot proposal from way back when? How serious is that? I mean, at this stage, is this something where we could in fact be looking at a new pipeline to serve mid-Atlantic generation, I guess, feeding mid-continent shale gas? Or is that something we should be putting more in the 3 , 4 , 5 year kind of bucket?
Robert Skaggs: It would be the latter sort of consideration. But, Carl, if I could maybe I'll just give you a bit of an overview and a perspective from management on growth projects at NGT&S. Without a doubt, without a question, the primary focus is going to be leveraging this Marcellus opportunity that we have. That's job 1, 2 and 3. And as you recognize, that's a supply push, a producer push sort of opportunity. We are not going to predicate our entire growth on supply push, so we are looking for demand opportunities on system, adjacent to the system. So we are going to continue to look at demand opportunities. I mentioned the one power generation project that we are actively advancing. That's a good example of continuing to focus on the demand side of the market. The opportunity that you mentioned is called Kennesaw. And again, it represents demand focused opportunity for us. It's a potential opportunity to provide an outlet or another market for Marcellus gas. As you suggested, this project is in the early, early stage of development. So that's one of the reasons it's not reflected in our formal comments today because we're actively working the market to determine whether this has a real potential for us. So that's the overview on where we stand. This project is a long-term sort of look. And I'd just close out by saying our tenants for growth remain the same. And anything we do is going to be focused, is going to be disciplined. Project, or projects will be 100% contracted for. And as you know, we try to actively risk manage projects through the use of structured arrangements, joint venture partners or whatever. So a little bit of an overview and a little bit of color around how we regard demand projects.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I appreciate that. Maybe one other question on the pipes and this kind of speaks to Millennium. And I know you guys are kind of going through the binding, the results of the open season. But if that were to move forward, what would be the timing of potential capacity expansion at Millennium? And I guess, I'm also trying to just brainstorm and think about this in terms of the PENNSTAR pipeline, which goes into Millennium, because our understanding is that the wells coming out in Northeast Pennsylvania are so large that even Millennium is now kind of getting backed up for your open season. And so, is PENNSTAR partly predicated on the fact of getting more capacity on Millennium?
Robert Skaggs: We certainly believe that would be a help. But maybe I could just go to the Millennium point. The timing of the expansion, 12 to 24 months is the window for this expansion. We do believe that there are additional opportunities to effectuate very economic expansions of Millennium. So we believe, down the road, there could be additional phases, and so consider this maybe Phase 1 of that expansion. To PENNSTAR, we've been consistent in saying we believe this a 2014 project, part of the softening of gas prices has moved that back a year or so. Clearly, opportunities for additional capacity on Millennium, I think, enhance the position of the PENNSTAR.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Great. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan from Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: A few questions. The projects you guys outlined in your gas transmission storage, like the mid-Atlantic power generation projects and the 2 projects below. What would be the cost of these, the aggregate cost of these projects?
Robert Skaggs: I didn't hear your first point. I heard something about the power gen? The size of that project is roughly $40 million, give or take.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And it's the same thing for these other projects, too, or are they smaller than that?
Robert Skaggs: In aggregate, they approach $40 million to $50 million.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay, I got you. And then if I'm looking at the, and I think you addressed this a little bit in some of your comments earlier, if I'm looking at these throughput volumes at Gas Transmission & Storage, year-over-year, was that mostly driven by weather or was there something else that was driving those volumes?
Robert Skaggs: Let me check. I believe these are all weather normalized that you're looking at on NGT&S and in fact, for the other units. And so from my perspective, it's been increased demand and utilization of our facilities.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay. So the throughput growth numbers you're seeing on Columbia Gas Transmission, year-over-year, has really increased customer use of your pipe? It's not weather-driven?
Robert Skaggs: Yes, that's right. It's basic usage. Now again, I would remind you, the margins are very thin because the pipeline, both Columbia Gas Transmission and Columbia Gulf are fixed variable pipelines, so the contribution from that throughput is nominal.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Sure. And then on the electric generation side, the industrial volumes that you guys reported this quarter versus the fourth quarter of last year, so fourth quarter 2010 seemed to be up somewhat significantly, too. I just want to make sure, was that weather-driven or was that more demand-driven?
Robert Skaggs: It was demand-driven. It was about 14%. It was production from manufacturing, steel producers and the like in the region.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay. As we stand here today, do you see that level of demand kind of sustaining into the rest of this year?
Robert Skaggs: We believe it will be flattish. There are suggestions that the fourth quarter, we're going to see a drop off as the production cycle begins to wind down. Again, we're just very conservative on the outlook for continued growth in that area. We've been pleasantly surprised. But again, the plan is not really predicated on sustaining these sorts of growth rates for these levels.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Got you. Okay. And then just last question, on the Flue Gas Desulfurization unit? What's the cost of that one unit for that plant?
Robert Skaggs: The first one, Unit 14, is in the ballpark of $200 million.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And that will be spent over the course of this year?
Robert Skaggs: This year and next year. We need to have that unit in service roughly by the end of 2013.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay, got you.
Robert Skaggs: So '11, '12, '13.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Perfect. I appreciate your time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Elvira Scotto from Credit Suisse.
Elvira Scotto - Crédit Suisse AG: I just had a couple of follow-up questions. Following up on one question where you indicated that if there are some opportunities within processing and handling in the Marcellus area, you would look at it, but it has to meet your risk reward profile. Does that mean that you may consider some fee-based processing? Or would you actually take on some commodity price exposure?
Robert Skaggs: Fee based. Fee based. We've been religious about our approach to the business and about maintaining an appropriate risk profile. So our center of gravity, our bias is fee based activities.
Elvira Scotto - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay, perfect. And just to follow up on the mid-Atlantic power generation project, a couple of questions there. Is that part of the $200 million spend in the Marcellus? Or is that an incremental project?
Robert Skaggs: We consider that incremental. Again, the objective is in the Marcellus region, on annual basis to deploy $200 million.
Elvira Scotto - Crédit Suisse AG: So that $40 million would be incremental to that $200 million?
Robert Skaggs: Correct.
Elvira Scotto - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay, great. And then, if there's a projected in service date of 2014, at what point would you have to move forward with -- what's the timeline?
Robert Skaggs: Well, Keep your, as I suggested in my prepared remarks, keep your eyes peeled for a FERC certificate filing for that project within a relatively short period of time.
Elvira Scotto - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay. And then just to confirm, on the demand, if you start building more pipe -- demand pull but from Marcellus gas, is that also considered incremental to the $200 million of Marcellus spend, or is that longer-term part of that spend?
Robert Skaggs: What we've been saying this, over the next 1 to 4 years, we'd like to spend $200 million a year in Marcellus on the smaller, debottlenecking aggregation sorts of projects. So that's what the $2 million (sic) [$200 million] is about. When you get further downstream, power, LDC markets and other demand areas, that would be outside of the $200 million.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the call back over to Bob Skaggs for closing remarks.
Robert Skaggs: Thank you, Laura. And thanks to everyone for participating this morning. We appreciate your engagement and your ongoing support of NiSource. We'll see you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Kettering - SVP Corporate Affairs Bob Skaggs - President and CEO Steve Smith - EVP, CFO
Analysts: Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Faisel Khan - Citigroup James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo Elvira Scotto - Credit Suisse Ben Sung - Luminus Management Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Josh Golden - JPMorgan Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management Glen Kettering - SVP Corporate Affairs Bob Skaggs - President and CEO 
Presentation: 
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth quarter 2010 NiSource earnings conference call. My name is [Danielle] and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode and later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed.
Glen Kettering:  Thank you and good morning. On behalf of NiSource, I'd like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hulen, Managing Director of Investor Relations. As you know, the focus of today's call is to review our financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year of 2010 and to provide a business update. We'll then open the call to your questions. At times during the call, we will refer to the supplemental slides available on our website at nisource.com. I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MD&A and Risk Factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. Now I'll turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Bob Skaggs:  Thanks, Glen. Good morning and thanks for joining us. Today we'll cover several key points before opening the line to your questions. First, I'll address NiSource's strong overall performance for 2010. As you can see, the team once again delivered financial results in line with our earnings guidance while taking significant steps towards meeting customer needs, creating shareholder value and generating long-term sustainable earnings growth. I'll also touch on the foundational actions taken during 2010 to strengthen NiSource's financial profile and enhance our ability to fund a wide array of attractive infrastructure modernization and growth investment opportunities. Finally, I'll outline our 2011 earnings guidance, which reflects our continued commitment to sustainable earnings growth and underscores the underlying strength of NiSource's core businesses in the markets that we serve. So first let's turn to our 2010 results. For the year, we continued to see positive customer benefits, enhanced shareholder value and sustainable earnings growth from NiSource's well-established infrastructure investment-driven strategy. During 2010, our team executed on a broad array of key regulatory and financial initiatives, infrastructure enhancement programs and new growth projects. These achievements, combined with improved margins and increased usage in our industrial electric markets, enabled us to deliver on our earnings commitments for the fourth consecutive year. For 2010, that means delivering earnings squarely in line with the increased non-GAAP range of the $1.20 to $1.25 per share that we provided when we reported earnings for the third quarter. Notably, we achieved these results while remaining responsive to the needs of our customers and other key stakeholders. On slide three of the supplemental slides, you can see that NiSource delivered 2010 net operating earnings, non-GAAP, of about $340 million, or $1.22 per share, compared to $1.07 per share last year, representing a 14% increase over 2009. Our earnings release and supplemental slides spell out the details regarding our improved 2010 results. But here are just a few highlights. We saw materially improved industrial margins and usage in our electric business, which helped boost operating earnings by more than $50 million over 2009. In addition, our gas distribution infrastructure enhancements and regulatory initiatives helped generate more than $50 million in [added] revenues. In our gas pipeline and storage business, the successful completion of growth projects helped increase demand marginal revenues by more than $20 million over 2009 despite the fact that a number of our projects were in service for only a portion of the year. These results reflect the core strength of our business plan, the focus of our team as well as continued signs of resilience in our key markets. Going forward, I'm convinced that NiSource's established infrastructure investment-driven strategy will continue to generate positive results for our company, our customers and our investors. We remain committed to this strategy and are focused on executing it in a disciplined, thoughtful manner. Turning to slide four, this slide highlights several key initiatives Steve Smith and our finance team completed during 2010. These efforts significantly strengthened our financial profile and positioned us to fund our compelling array of infrastructure investment opportunities. Most notably, in September, we completed a $400 million equity offering. This offering, which was structured as a forward sale arrangement aligns with and strongly supports our targeted annual capital investment level, which I'm pleased to note for 2011 is targeted at up to $1.1 billion. In addition, in December, we successfully tendered nearly $275 million in debt and concurrently executed a 30-year debt offering of $250 million. This will reduce our interest expense by about $10 million in 2011 and extends the maturity of our debt profile. Of course, we also remain true to our key financial commitments, to preserve our stable investment-grade credit rating and maintain our attractive secure dividend, all while delivering long-term earnings growth. With the successful completion of our equity offering and other key elements of our financial strategy, NiSource is well positioned to take advantage of the deep inventory of investment opportunities available across our business portfolio and continue growing our business and earnings on a sustainable basis. Before turning to our 2011 outlook, let me touch on just some of the key business unit accomplishments that played such a key role in advancing our business strategy. First and foremost, we continue to see solid progress in Indiana. Jimmy Staten and his NIPSCO team are taking significant steps to improve customer service and reliability while addressing a number of important regulatory matters. In November, NIPSCO filed a new electric rate case with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission, or IURC. While filed in November, the preparation and stakeholder outreach and engagement for the case began long before that. The result is a proposal that is balanced and responsive to both the needs of the company and our customers and other constituencies. We'll continue to engage with all stakeholders and expect the case to be completed during 2011. As we mentioned in today's release and have discussed in past updates, we expect to restore NIPSCO's earnings to a reasonable and appropriate level by the beginning of 2012. Also, in November, NIPSCO received IURC approval of the unanimous settlement of its 2010 natural gas rate case, the company's first in 20 years. The settlement resulted in an overall rate decrease for customers while enhancing the company's operating earnings. It also improved rate design and continued our strong support for low income assistance, energy efficiency and conservation. Last but not least, following IURC certificate approval at the end of December, NIPSCO is launching a major environmental upgrade at our Schahfer Generating Station, which will contribute to the company's earnings growth going forward. This is the first phase of a series of new environmental investments in Indiana, totaling about $600 million over the next six to eight years. These initiatives are fully in line with NIPSCO's New Source Review settlement with the EPA that we announced earlier this year. Turning to our NiSource gas transmission and storage business on slide seven, Chris Helms and his team are continuing to capitalize on NiSource's unparalleled geographic footprint to complete and advance customer-driven growth projects, primarily in the Marcellus Shale production area. During 2010, NGT&S put in service or nearly completed more than $150 million in strategic growth projects serving the Marcellus Shale production area. These projects provide market access for more than 500,000 dekatherms of natural gas daily. Our $80 million Majorsville series of projects serve as the cornerstone of an array of additional projects currently in process across the Marcellus play. Progress also continued on our Columbia Gulf transmission rate case before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. The filing seeks an increase in revenues of approximately $50 million per year reflecting updated costs and operating conditions. New rates go into affect, subject to refund, starting this May. As I noted earlier, growth project revenues were up by more than $20 million at NGT&S in 2010 and for projects such as Majorsville we've not yet experienced a full year's earnings run rate. Having said that, overall operating earnings for the year were down due to anticipated expense increases, pension and integrity management in particular and reduced short-term transportation revenue resulting from a lack of natural gas price volatility. Looking forward, we remain enthusiastic about NGT&S' earnings growth prospects for 2011 and beyond driven by accretive infrastructure investments, which we expect to amount to about $200 million annually. Turning to our third major business unit, NiSource Gas Distribution, or NGD, our NGD teams continued to execute on our strategy of combining long-term infrastructure replacement programs with complementary regulatory initiatives. Millions of customers are benefitting from this strategy, which includes significant revenue producing facility modernization programs at our largest utilities: Columbia Gas of Ohio, Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania and Columbia Gas of Massachusetts. In aggregate, these programs provide NGD with an investment opportunity approaching $4.5 billion over the next 20 to 25 years. On the regulatory front, in December, Columbia Gas of Virginia received approval from the Virginia State Corporation Commission of a unanimous settlement of its first-based rate case in 12 years. The settlement authorized a $5 million revenue increase as well as a number of rate design and other enhancements. The new rates took affect January 1. In mid-January, Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania files a new rate case with the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission. That case seeks recovery of ongoing infrastructure investments, a modernized rate structure, as well as new senior citizen and energy efficiency programs. Filing seeks an annual revenue increase of about $38 million. Finally, I'd like to briefly outline our 2011 earnings guidance and key 2010 takeaways on Slide 8 before opening the line to your questions. Based on the continued success of our balanced business strategy and the extensive array of growth investment opportunities available across all of our businesses, we remain confident that NiSource will sustainably grow long-term earnings in the range of 3% to 5% annually. In fact, in the near term, particularly as we execute a number of regulatory initiatives, our operating earnings growth may well exceed that longer-term percentage range. With that in mind, we expect NiSource's 2011 net operating earnings to fall within a range of $1.25 to $1.35 per share. You should know this is a non-GAAP range. Consistent with last year's outlook, due to the unpredictability of weather and other factors, we're not providing GAAP earnings guidance. I'd also note that our 2011 guidance continues to be premised on a relatively modest and gradual economic recovery across the markets we serve. In closing, I'd like to acknowledge our team, our customers and our many business community partners for their support and engagement during the past year. We made significant progress on our business plan during 2010 all built on a foundation of ongoing investment across all of our companies. This core strategy remains unchanged for 2011 with the notable enhancement of our ability to invest in our businesses by the steps taken over the last years. I can assure you that our investment approach will remain disciplined and straightforward, focused on meeting our customer needs while building long-term value for our shareholders. As always, we remain committed to communicating with our stakeholders in a transparent and timely manner regarding these and all of our efforts. Ongoing updates will be provided through our analyst calls and news releases posted on nisource.com. Thank you for participating today and for your continued interest and support of NiSource. Now, [Danielle], let's open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Your return assumptions that you outlined at your analyst day, particularly in Marcellus, any change there and what are you seeing as far as level of competition for projects?
Bob Skaggs: Number one, on the returns, the returns are consistent with what we talked about in July at the investor day conference. There continues to be a considerable amount of competition throughout the Marcellus shale. We anticipate that that competition will continue. Having said that, Paul, our outlook, be it earnings, CapEx investment, is consistent with our take on the competition in the basin.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: In Ohio during the quarter, was there any impact from rate fee design or have we lapped that now?
Bob Skaggs: Subject to check, we've lapped that, I believe. I think that it wound down during the third quarter give or take, Paul. But we'll check that and get back to you just to make sure that I'm correct.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Any new thoughts on MLP or is that still on the back burner given the opportunities you have for further investment?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, it's really the latter, Paul. It's on the back table. We continue to monitor the developments in that market very carefully, but, for us, on the back burner.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc:  Any other new thoughts strategically whether there's more value in the company as a whole or maybe in separate parts or are you thinking along those lines?
Bob Skaggs: Well, we love this portfolio and we're fully committed to the standalone organic growth plan that we've outlined to you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst - BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Bob, could you help give me some color with respect to where we are in the Indiana settlement with respect to -- if we're looking at, I guess, new rates, perhaps, being effective beginning of 2012, does that -- since the IURC is going to need approve that, does that suggest a settlement basically mid-year? Is that the effective timing?
Bob Skaggs: Just one key, key, key point on context for this case, we filed rate case two under the Commission's expedited rules, processing guidelines and the Commission accepted that filing under those guidelines and, in fact, has established an expedited procedural schedule for the case, Paul, but would provide for a decision during the fourth quarter of 2011. So if this case was litigated, it would proceed along that schedule and we feel confident the Commission would render a decision during the fourth quarter which would enable us to put rates into affect at the beginning of 2012. Now, again, that's context. Our intent, our hope, our desire would be to try to settle this case. As I mention consistently, we put full core press during the first quarter, into the second quarter to attempt to settle this before the other parties have to put their witnesses on the stand and subject them to cross examination. So we're now in a window where we're engaging the parties. We're going to work diligently to try to settle this prior to mid year.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: One other question off of that; the 2010 rate case was all about conservation and pension and, of course, a host of more thorny issues for the 2008 case. With this -- the motion to vacate and settlement discussions as it's ongoing right now, are most of the conversations with shippers on the 2010 issues or is it still looking at it more holistically, should we say?
Bob Skaggs: More holistically in the sense that cost allocation is an issue that remains and we have attempted in rate case two to set a direction that would provide the parties an opportunity to compromise on cost allocation. But we believe that will continue to be the key challenge in resolving this case sooner rather than later. Then just let me add, Carl, that we continue to believe that the traditional cost service rate base sorts of issues are straightforward.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Then one last question, if I could -- so lots of moving parts as there always are. As we look to 2011 guidance and we look to segment, clearly LDC should be doing well given some of the depreciation changes that have happened at NIPSCO, NIPSCO gas. As we're looking at the pluses and minuses that are happening, like what happened to transportation even though we had some good demand charge addition, the O&M overwhelmed, at least for a little while. Should we still be expecting a possible slide on a net basis in pipelines for 2011 before perhaps kicking up into 2012? I just want to be on the lookout of if there's any particular unit that might, in fact, be sliding on an operating income basis.
Bob Skaggs: We expect all three units to perform well. NGT&S, in particular, we expect a strong year. We have baked into the estimate a relatively conservative outlook on our optimization short-term transportation business at NGT&S, so we believe that hit is behind us. So, again, all three units, Carl, ought to be performing quite well in 2011. That's the expectation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan - Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: If I could just ask you a couple a questions, first on the operating expenses at Gas Transmission and Storage Operations, I know you guys talked about some of the headwinds you have there. So OpEx was up, I guess, about $32 million year over year. How is that going to trend into 2011? Should we now expect that since some of those maintenance activities are done that that number should trend down or is it going to be relatively flat?
Bob Skaggs: We believe the core reliability in integrity management spends will be give or take flat year to year. We think some of the headwinds we had with pension expense at NGT&S -- and you'll recall that they're on a cash basis; they're not on an expense basis and that's because of FERC treatment of pension in their rights. So, again, we believe that that will flatten out as well.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Then as these new projects come in 2011, like the West Virginia projects -- .
Bob Skaggs: Majorsville.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Majorsville -- how is that going to -- is that going to come through in the current rates or is there a negotiated rate that you have with those different counter parties?
Bob Skaggs: It's the latter, typically speaking.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: On the electric utility, how did industrial volumes trend sequentially quarter to quarter? Did we see an improvement or were things relatively flat from third quarter to fourth quarter?
Bob Skaggs: Third to fourth quarter was flattish, maybe down a hair, but typically flattish. Year to year, 2010 to 2009, they were up 10% and even more on the gas side of the business but the quarter to quarter, flat.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Then as I look into your 2011 sources and uses of cash, does the sources of cash include the benefit from accelerated depreciation?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, let me ask Steve to address that question.
Steve Smith: The accelerated depreciation resulting from the legislation passed here recently, over the next couple of years, 2011, 2012, it's going to provide between $300 million and $400 million of benefit over the next several years, so it is a timing mechanism. You'll recall that in 2011 we get 100% bonus depreciation and in 2012 we get 50% bonus depreciation. So we've taken a rough estimate at what we believe bonus depreciation will provide to us in 2011 and that's in between $150 million and $200 million. That is reflected in the sources and uses statement for 2011.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: If that number happens to be higher, how will you -- will you adjust your equity [FIP] and forward sale programs?
Steve Smith: It provides us enhanced flexibility, with which we're very pleased with. For guidance purposes, we're assuming that we would pull half of the forward sales down at the end of the third quarter in 2011. But it's something that we look at routinely. As I would point out again, it does provide us with a lot of additional flexibility.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: Just to ask the question a little more specifically, MLP, does this make more sense, less sense? I think your last comment was "back burner."
Bob Skaggs: Yes, it was. We're still watching the market very carefully. I think you may have heard me discuss before that the fit of an MLP given our circumstances is in question. That's something we continue [to debate]. Right now, frankly, we don't think it fits. Having said that, we're not ignoring the performance of the MLP. We believe that it can be an attractive and useful vehicle in certain circumstances. As our plan unfolds, we'll continue to keep it in mind.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: Second, to guidance, I assume in the $1.25 to $1.35 for '11 you're assuming a fully litigated outcome in Indiana such that there's no rate case impact in that range.
Bob Skaggs: Probably [quibble the way] you worded the assumption, but we're not expecting any impact until 2012, calendar year 2012 but I would underscore the team's focus. The team's efforts are centered on attempting to resolve this proceeding by settlement.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: Then maybe to Steven on financing needs; I appreciate your comments on the forward settling half in third quarter of '11. What would that suggest debt needs are and, again, I guess, assuming you're 100% accurate on your estimates for accelerated depreciation of '11.
Steve Smith: In terms of our need to access the debt capital markets in 2011, we don't necessarily need to do that to take care of everything that we need to take care of. However, I will point out that the markets appear to be in pretty good shape and we do have a maturity in 2012 of around $315 million. So we look at accessing the debt capital markets opportunistically and I would say we don't need to access them in 2011 but we want to maintain that option to the extent we like what we're seeing in the markets we may go ahead and take some of that 2012 maturity off the table.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: Then, Bob, back to you, on capital spending you used the term up to $1.1 billion. I certainly understand that circumstances dictate changes throughout a year. But maybe talk about how that $1.1 billion might change and, if you can, certainly for GT&S how the segment breakdown might start to look.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, for 2011 as it stands today, we have about $160 million allocated to NGT&S for growth, primarily Marcellus growth and we could see that toggling upwards as opportunities materialize. So that would be the area of sensitivity, the area where we think we have upside on the spin.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: But you would say $1 billion is about the downside? Again, I'm not trying to pin you too much but -- .
Bob Skaggs: Yes, we think we're firmly within that $1 billion to $1.1 billion window. Let me, James, just give you a little bit of additional color. Clearly, the Indiana Commission's approval of the scrubber program in Indiana has tripped a wire for us to begin work on that project, so we're going to accelerate some of that spinning to ensure that we get that scrubber in place and operational by the end of 2013.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: Lastly, Bob, on the economy, I think one of the last questioners was talking about 4Q versus 3Q, which was interesting rear view mirror stuff. But I'd love your sort of feel of what the economy's suggesting to you all right now for the balance of 2011 and particularly in Indiana where you're sitting but as well throughout the other territories.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, we just believe it's going to be a slow, gradual recovery of the economy. We certainly observe with interest US Steel's recent announcement about market conditions. You may recall they said while they have a good, strong order book for Q1, they were squarely in the camp of believing that the economy was going to continue to be slow and the recovery was going to be measured. Obviously we listen to our big customers pretty carefully and, like them, we just believe it's going to be very, very gradual. That's what the estimate reflects.
James Dobson - Wunderlich Securities: That'd be fairly consistent across going all the way up through Massachusetts but down all the way through Heartland, Pennsylvania, et cetera?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, Ohio an PA, certainly we see those same sorts of conditions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo: Just wanted to touch on the load uptick and the economic recovery that you were just mentioning and just wondering if maybe you can give us a sense for -- I know you have a lot of sensitivity to obviously the steel industry. Do you have any sense for the operating rates or utilization rates that they're running at now? How much further upside could we see? I'm just trying to help frame that up a bit.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, our sense on steel production in our area is about 70% utilization, maybe a little bit north of that number. Again, US Steel indicates that they have a pretty good order book for Q1 and then it's pretty slow after that, so decent utilization rates in our area.
Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo: Where have they averaged historically?
Bob Skaggs: If you go back to 2008, 2009, they were pretty much flat out and then, of course -- I guess it was 2008 -- then it began declining probably as low as 50%, 60% utilization.
Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo:  Is there any way to think about how that might impact if we get back up towards the 80%, 90%, how that might impact earnings in NIPSCO?
Bob Skaggs: Well, again, the key going forward is resolution of this new NIPSCO rate case. I mentioned cost allocation rate design. The impact of load growth will be determined by how those rates are designed.
Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo: Then just switching gears onto the pipes, I noticed another decrease due to short-term transportation and storage. Just wondering if maybe you can help us understand which pipes are being impacted and how much has that been at its peak and where are we today on earnings for this interruptible service?
Bob Skaggs: We call this business park and loan optimization and Columbia Gas Transmission is the primary pipe for that activity. Historically, the business has ranged from $15 million to $20 million annually to as high as $40 million annually. I alluded to 2009 in NGT&S we exceeded $40 million in revenue. But this market, this line of business, which is relatively small for us at the margin, is solely dependent on gas price volatility and, more particularly, [wood] seasonally spreads are -- that's how we capture the margin on this short-term park and loan activity. So 2009 we were at $40 million, 2010 that number dropped to $20 million, again, a function of price volatility. Going forward we baked into the forecast a more modest level. In or about $20 million is what the forecast reflects.
Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo: Is that more of a seasonal spread or is that a basis spread?
Bob Skaggs: It tends to be a seasonal spread.
Steve Smith: Summer, winter spread.
Bob Skaggs: Summer, winter spread, they park the gas in our storage and then withdraw in the winter when prices are higher.
Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo: So when you were up to $40 million were we looking at a $2 type of spread and today we're looking at more of a $0.50 type spread?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, it was $1.50 in certain cases and now it's below $0.50 in certain cases, exactly.
Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo: Then just maybe a few housekeeping -- on the tax rate for next year, what should we be using for '11?
Steve Smith: Approximately 36%.
Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo: Then are you assuming any further debt tenders in '11?
Steve Smith: Not at this time, no.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Elvira Scotto - Credit Suisse.
Elvira Scotto - Credit Suisse: I wanted to follow up on the CapEx for 2011 and going forward. We have this $1.1 billion or up to $1.1 billion in 2011. Are we still thinking that a sustainable run rate going forward is $1 billion and then in some years you'll be higher and lower or are we thinking that maybe there's an uptick even in a sustainable rate going forward?
Bob Skaggs: No, we still believe it's $1 billion is a representative number. But as you said better than I did, that it could tick up, it could tick down depending on conditions. One of the key sensitivities is can we deploy the way we believe we can deploy in the Marcellus region?
Elvira Scotto - Credit Suisse:  The follow up there, do you have any update on the [Penstar] project and what kind of interest you're seeing there?
Bob Skaggs: [Penstar] team is actively marketing the project and so there are literally real-time discussions with a wide variety of key shippers. We expect that process to continue for the next 30 to 90 days.
Elvira Scotto - Credit Suisse: If that moves forward, what was the in-service date? Was that about 2013?
Bob Skaggs: Correct. We originally talked in terms of roughly 2012 but with the softening of gas prices we're now talking in terms of 2013, so you're spot on.
Elvira Scotto - Credit Suisse: Then switching gears to -- could you talk a little bit about in the gas transmission, specifically on Columbia Gulf -- can you remind us what percent of contracts come up for renewal in 2011 and what you've baked into your outlook regarding just renewal rates?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, on renewals we expect to have strong renewals this year. We, frankly, don't have much coming up in 2011. 2012, 2013 we have a bigger slug of renewals due. In fact, Columbia Gas of Ohio has a fairly significant contract position that's due for renewal in 2012, 2013. Right now the outlook assumes that we have no significant turn back. We have no significant reduction in rate levels. One thing I would point out, when you look at throughput, Columbia Gulf throughput has held up good during 2010. It was down during the first half, then recovered quite well. So that's number one. Then number two, we've had a couple of recent renewals that, again, would indicate that Columbia Gulf is going to be very competitive and we feel good about the position of that pipeline.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Sung - Luminus Management.
Ben Sung - Luminus Management: Is there much going on on the legislative front in Indiana?
Bob Skaggs: It's an active session in the legislature. You may recall that current governor, Mitch Daniels, is in the final two years of office. This election cycle gave him not only a republican senate but a republican house. So he has an aggressive agenda lined up to complete his term as governor. We and other utilities have been discussing legislative proposals that would help, we believe, streamline and modernize IURC regulation. Those packages are still in the discussion phase and have not yet really garnered a lot of air time at the legislature at this point but we continue to work on that.
Ben Sung - Luminus Management: Do you think that you'll -- do you think you'll have an idea of whether there's any legs to it or not by a certain point or some sort of continue throughout the year?
Bob Skaggs: We're probably going to know whether it has legs or not within the next 90 days.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just a follow-up on that Columbia Gulf question -- if I understood the answer, you're not really seeing much exposure with respect to contracts that are going to be expiring and renewal and rates. Am I getting that pretty -- ?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, you do. You've got it. Now, one thing, again, though, I just want to highlight in 2012, 2013 we have one significant agreement with Columbia Gas of Ohio that needs to be dealt with. The reason I highlight that is it's a relatively sizeable agreement and you may know or recall that in Ohio we, like the other utilities, have moved to an open access auction process and questions around capacity and the like still need to be dealt with. So, again, that's more of a highlight. We don't feel alarmed about it. Again, we believe Columbia Gulf is in great competitive position.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: How about the rest of the system? Is there any other contract or anything else we should be thinking about?
Bob Skaggs: No. Columbia Gas Transmission, the big pipe, is completely sold out. We believe that status is going to continue.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  So for the next several years it looks like we really don't have much exposure, unlike some of the other companies that are out there. Is that -- ?
Bob Skaggs: That's exactly correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Golden - JPMorgan.
Josh Golden - JPMorgan: I've got a couple questions about liquidity. Can you address the revolver, the renewal, the size of it, potential cost increases, that you would be looking at through 2011?
Steve Smith: We're in the process of renewing our facility and the size of it is going to be maintained at $1.5 billion. We're looking at a four-year renewal. You'll also be aware that the facility actually expires in July of 2011, so we are getting ahead of the curb here and anticipate that we'll have that new facility closed within the first quarter. Pricing has gone up. The old facility was in the LIBOR plus 50 to 60 basis point range. The new facility is in the LIBOR plus 200 basis point range.
Josh Golden - JPMorgan: Let me ask a question about the size of the revolver. I understand the working capital needs that you have but right now you're [rougher] liquidity available is right around $400 million. Gas is relatively low at the current time. From a working capital standpoint, given your credit rating and the amount of debt that you have and the issues that took place back in 2009, has there been given any thought to increasing the size of the revolver?
Steve Smith: No, I think we're in good shape at $1.5 billion of liquidity and I would just point out that we have moved to an auction arrangement for a percentage of the volumes in Ohio and so over the next two to three years we'll see probably a reduction for liquidity as a result of that transition. At this point, though, we feel that $1.5 billion is adequate and we want to maintain it there for the foreseeable future. We don't anticipate needing more liquidity than that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management.
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management: Bob, can you just highlight what makes you go in the upper end of the range for '11 as we look through the year? I guess last year we saw you hiked up the range towards the end of the third quarter. What can happen throughout the year for you to be on the upper end of the range versus in the middle?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, the economy would be the key driver to push up would be one. Two, we talked about park and loan optimization activity. So if seasonal spreads expanded materially -- and they would have to expand materially -- those two would be the key drivers that might push us in a positive fashion.
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management:  How would you define the economy? What have you put in your numbers for sales and how should we look at that?
Bob Skaggs: Very similar to what is reflected in 2010 on the industrial side and very similar on the electric residential to what you saw in 2010 about a 1% growth there. Residential natural gas usage, which we've insulated for the most part, would be a reduction of about 1%.
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management: So it's about a 1% draw out and then the gas it's a 1% reduction. Is that right?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, but, again, on the gas side, you recall many of our LDCs have mitigated their loss through rate design. When you're running your model you have to take that into account, Ohio being a great example where they're at straight fixed variable rate design.
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management: So anything above 1% growth, I guess that's a positive. How much is a 1% growth equal to in terms of earnings, can I just ask?
Bob Skaggs: Again, don't -- I would suggest that you not shorthand it because I mentioned 1% growth on the residential side on the electric. [Commercial] is flat to slow growth and, again, the industrial is very slow.
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management: But how much would the 1% increase be overall on the system? How much is it on an EPS basis?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, it's not material. It wouldn't move the needle very much. Randy can get you a better number, a thumbnail sort of number, but it really wouldn't draw the earnings. What I would probably push you too, again, is park and loan activity and then if we saw a material increase in industrial volumes.
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management: Then going back onto the gas case, like settlement, I guess the way the procedural schedule right now shows -- I guess there's an opportunity towards the end of the first quarter and then an opportunity in the beginning of the second quarter. Is that what we should be focusing towards?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, just to clarify, the electric rate case two in Indiana, we believe the window is open now and would extend through most of the second quarter of this year. We say that because of the way the procedural schedule is established in Indiana that I mentioned.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: What's the magnitude of the exposure in GT&S for the Ohio contract?
Bob Skaggs: I think it's minimal. I think it's going to be manageable situation. We can get you a more exact number on the value of the entire contract and then you can make book around it. But, again, we believe that the capacity position is extremely valuable and if our Columbia Gas of Ohio subsidiary doesn't use it then the marketer supplying that -- participating in that program, supplying that market, will pick up the capacity.
Steve Smith: That's a 2012.
Bob Skaggs: 2012 issue. But we can get you, Paul, the notional value of that agreement.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc:  When you laid out your $1 billion CapEx number, did you anticipate about $600 million of environmental in Indiana?
Bob Skaggs: We anticipate $600 million over a six to eight-year period for the environmental. We did accelerate a bit of the environmental spin once. We received the certificate from the Indiana Commission but it really didn't move the needle dramatically.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Then just because everyone was talking about pension three months ago, any changes to your actuarials?
Bob Skaggs: Really the only change would be on the discount rate if that's what you're referring to and it reduced by about 50 basis points. But Steve can walk you through that real quickly.
Steve Smith: Right, Paul, return on assets we're still assuming 8.75% for 2011 and beyond and our discount rate at year end was 5%. A year ago it was 5.54%, so the discount rate went down about 54 basis points. I would point out that the year was pretty good in 2010 and we were in the 13% to 14% return overall on our pension, so that helped.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Then just because someone was very vocal about potential M&A on MSNBC, what approvals would be required in the event that something were to happen?
Bob Skaggs: I have no idea. I have no idea. Obviously we operate in seven states on the gas distribution side and we have the FERC, so hard for me to hypothecate what approvals would be needed under any scenario. I know that when we went through the NiSource of Columbia transaction we probably had a handful of states and FERC to deal with. Just to remind you, we love our standalone, organic growth plan. We love these assets.
Operator: There are no more questions in the queue. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Bob Skaggs for any closing remarks.
Bob Skaggs: Thanks, [Danielle]. Again, we appreciate everyone's interest and support and we look forward to talking to you in the not too distant future. Have a good day. Be safe.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Kettering – SVP, Corporate Affairs Bob Skaggs – President and CEO Steve Smith – CFO and EVP
Analysts: Xin Liu – JPMorgan Theresa Kim [ph] – Gideon [ph] Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets Scott [ph] – Decade Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third quarter 2010 NiSource earnings conference call. My name is Tijuana, and I will be your coordinator for today. (Operator instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. You may proceed.
Glen Kettering: Thank you and good morning. On behalf of NiSource, I’d like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hulen, Managing Director of Investor Relations. As you know the focus of today’s call is to review our financial performance for the third quarter of 2010 and provide a business update. We will then open the call to your questions. At times during the call, we will refer to the supplemental slides available on our website at NiSource.com. I’d like to remind you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MDNA and risk factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. And now I’d like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Bob Skaggs: Thanks Glen, and good morning, and thanks for joining us. Today, we will cover several key points before opening the line to your questions. First, I will touch on the team’s strong performance thus far in 2010, which has enabled us to increase our full-year earnings outlook for 2010. I will also speak to our third quarter results, which very closely in line with our business plan, and finally, I will highlight several areas, where our team continues to execute our plan to build shareholder value and long-term investment driven earnings growth. So first, let us turn to our 2010 non-GAAP earnings guidance. If you recall that at the beginning of 2010, we provided net operating earnings guidance of $1.10 to $1.20 per share, the midpoint of which represented about 7% growth from our 2009 earnings level. We are pleased to announce that we now anticipate full-year net operating earnings to fall within a range of $1.20 to $1.25 per share, again non-GAAP. This improved earnings outlook reflects the core strength of our team’s 2010 performance, as well as continued signs of resilience in some of our key markets. I am confident the team will deliver on our updated outlook by executing on our business strategy, meeting the needs of our customers and enhancing shareholder value through long-term infrastructure investment driven growth. As noted in today’s news release, we also remain strongly committed to growing annual earnings by 3% to 5% on a long term, sustainable basis. To that point, during the third quarter we significantly improved our flexibility to fund our deep inventory of infrastructure investment opportunities by successfully executing $400 million common stock equity offering. The offering was fully subscribed under favorable pricing plans, and aligned very nicely with our infrastructure investment profile. Notably, we are now in a position to fund our capital investment opportunities at the run rate level of about $1 billion annually. As I have noted in the past, we expect that in some years our CapEx level will be more than $1 billion, and in some it may be less. But the key takeaway is that we are now poised to spend at our optimal investment level on a year in and year out basis, fundamental breakthrough for the team as well as for all of our stakeholders. And on that note, throughout this process, we have remained mindful of our (inaudible) of stakeholders’ commitments. One, to create long-term shareholder value; two, to maintain and eventually grow our dividend; and three, to preserve our investment grade credit rating. Our equity offering meets these key criteria, and positions NiSource to sustainably grow long-term earnings at the upper end of our corrected range. As we have discussed, we do have opportunities to grow at a higher rate over the next couple of years as we establish a new baseline earnings level in 2012 as a result of executing on our Indiana regulatory strategy. Finally, I can’t leave this subject without expressing our deep appreciation to all of NiSource’s financial stakeholders for your support as we’ve traveled the long and sometimes bumpy road to strengthening the company’s financial profile, and enhancing our investment capabilities. I can assure you that the entire team is as focused and energized as ever as we move forward and continue to build long-term sustainable growth. Now let’s turn to our third quarter results, and the supplemental slides that are available on NiSource.com. On slide 3, you can see that we delivered third quarter net operating earnings non-GAAP of about $10 million, or $0.04 per share, compared to $0.07 per share last year. Operating earnings for the quarter were about $110 million, compared to about $135 million for the same period last year. As mentioned in our release, the third-quarter numbers reflect a slight decrease from our 2009 results due to anticipated increases in certain operating expenses, as well as taxes and depreciation. Turning to slide five, let us look at our business unit results. Our Gas Distribution group, as anticipated, experienced an operating earnings loss for the current quarter of about $41 million compared to a loss of $30 million during the same period in 2009. Net revenues for the quarter were up about $9 million, excluding trackers, primarily due to ongoing regulatory initiatives and infrastructure investments, as well as the effect of rate increases at a number of our utilities. Increased revenues were offset by higher operating expenses of $19 million, including higher pension expenses, due to the recording of a catch-up in pension deferrals during the third quarter of 2009 at Columbia Gas of Ohio, as well as other employee and administration costs. On the investment front, our gas distribution teams continue to pursue aggressive long-term infrastructure enhancement and replacement programs, as well as a complementary agenda of revenue producing regulatory and commercial initiatives. On the regulatory front, in August we received approval from the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for a settlement of Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania base rate case with new rates effective on October 1. That settlement positions the company to increase base revenues, while providing a suite of new customer programs. Meanwhile, our $13 million Columbia Gas of Virginia rate case also is moving forward with hearing scheduled for November, and new rates anticipated to be in effect January 1, 2011. And lastly I would note that we anticipate approval in the fourth quarter of Northern Indiana Public Service Company's unanimous gas rate case settlement. The NIPSCO’s settlement, which was filed with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission, IURC, in late August. It holds the line on residential customer rates, while providing for increased earnings for the company. We expect a favorable IURC order and new rates to take effect within a matter of weeks. Just to recap, our gas distribution teams continue to deliver solid results on our straight forward infrastructure investment driven business strategy. Let us now take a look at our NiSource’s Gas Transmission & Storage business unit highlighted on slide 6. Here the team’s focus continues to be on market driven growth projects with particular emphasis on our extensive opportunities in the Marcellus Shale region. From an earnings standpoint, the NGT&S generated operating earnings of about $76 million in the third quarter, compared to $100 million in 2009. Net revenues were down about $8 million due to lower short-term transportation and storage services, which is being impacted by the extreme lack of price volatility in the market, as well as reduced mineral rights leasing revenues in light of some fairly significant upfront payments last year. Operating expenses were up about $14 due to planned expenditures for pipeline integrity management, as well as certain employee and administrative costs. From a growth standpoint, which we targeted 4% to 6% for the NGT&S business unit, the team is continuing to develop its inventory of infrastructure investment projects, ranging from traditional transportation and storage services to supply aggregation in other Marcellus production related projects. This quarter marked several milestones for this strategy, the result of which will be reflected in our earnings going forward. In September, we commence services on our keystone Majorsville expansion, developed jointly with MarkWest Liberty Midstream & Resources. This project which came in on time and on budget is the first integrated web gathering and processing system serving Marcellus production in northern West Virginia. The expansion, reflecting an investment of approximately $80 million, is fully contracted and delivers more than 325,000 Dth/d of Marcellus production to a new MarkWest processing plant. Also in the third quarter, we announced a partnership with UGI Energy Services to develop a new natural gas pipeline providing improved market access to Marcellus Shale producers in Pennsylvania. The project, currently in the development stage, could provide as much as 500,000 Dth/d of additional transportation capacity for production in north-central Pennsylvania and southern New York. We are excited about this project and pleased to be working with such a fine company as UGI in developing the opportunity. The NGT&S team also is moving forward several additional Marcellus area projects designed to move this growing supply source to downstream market centers and other points of liquidity. Among the projects being worked by the team are the Line WB Expansion, expect to be completed in January of 2011; and the Clendenin Project, targeted to be in service by the second quarter of 2011. And one additional NGT&S note, just yesterday Columbia Gulf Transmission, which represents about 15% of our pipeline in storage business mix, filed a base rate case with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, its first in more than 14 years. The filing proposes an annual increase of about $50 million, reflecting updated reliability investments, integrity management and other costs, as well as current operating conditions. We anticipate new rates to be in effect subject to refund in mid-2011. I would note that earlier this year, we were pursuing a number of creative ideas for Columbia Gulf, such as an incentive fixed fuel arrangement that had they been implemented would have eliminated the need for a general rate filing. Because we were unable to implement those arrangements on acceptable terms, we took a hard look at our numbers, and decided to proceed with this Gulf rate case. In summary, the NGT&S team continues to execute on its strategy of maximizing the value of its current asset base, and making disciplined investments in customer driven, value creating infrastructure projects. Let us now turn to NiSource’s electric business unit on slide 7. At NIPSCO, we have seen significant progress on our core regulatory agenda, as well as continued material improvement in reliability, responsiveness and customer service. From a financial standpoint, NIPSCO electric reported third-quarter operating earnings of $80 million, an increase of about $10 million over the same period in 2009. NIPSCO saw an increase in industrial margins, in addition to an increase in off-system sales that helped drive a net revenue increase of about $17 million. Operating expenses increased about $7 million above last year’s levels due primarily to anticipated increases in employee and administration costs, taxes and electric generation costs. On the operations front, I note that NIPSCO generation fleet set an all-time total generation record during August with 1.7 million megawatt hours, a great testament to the NIPSCO team’s progress in improving the raw [ph] ability and efficiency of our generating assets. Moving to our regulatory agenda, the third quarter marked a milestone in NIPSCO’s 2008 electric rate case, as we received an order from the IURC on August 25. The order which is subject to rehearing in an appeals process is solidly in line with our expectations, and sets the stage for restoring NIPSCO’s electric earnings to an appropriate level by 2012. As we have discussed over the last year, NIPSCO is in the process of developing a follow up electric rate case scheduled to be filed in the fourth quarter of this year. That filing is intended to address items that have changed since the company’s 2008 rate filing, including changes in customer usage and operating conditions, and efforts to enhance customer programs and rate design. The core objective of the second-rate case is to restore NIPSCO electric’s earnings to an appropriate level, and do so in a manner that is responsive to the interests of its customers and other key stakeholders. I would note that we’re actively engaged with various stakeholder groups in discussions that could lead to a settlement of the first electric rate case, and it is conceivable and I would underscore the word conceivable that such an arrangement could even obviate the need to file a second case this year. Although it is too early to tell if a settlement will be achievable, and if so what the precise contours and timing might be, I can tell you that Jimmy Staton and his team are actively engaged in a constructive dialogue with NIPSCO’s key regulatory stakeholders, and are determined to resolve these cases in a manner that is responsive to the needs of all parties. So as they say [ph], stay tuned. Parenthetically, and perhaps anticipating your question a bit, I would note that although there have been some recent high-profile leadership changes at the IURC, we don’t expect they will have an adverse affect on our ability to execute NIPSCO’s regulatory agenda in Indiana. As many of you know, Indiana has a long-standing reputation for balanced and thoughtful regulatory policies and practices, and we see no signs to suggest that will change going forward. Before moving on, it is clear that our Indiana team continues to build momentum. They are delivering solid and materially improved business and operational results, while demonstrating the value of constructive and positive engagements with key stakeholders. Bottom line, I am confident we can restore NIPSCO’s earnings to an appropriate sustainable level, while also continuing to invest in a reliable and efficient energy infrastructure that is vital to Indiana’s long-term success. To wrap up with slide 8, several observations, first, as we sprint to the end of the year, I’m confident the team will deliver on today’s increased earnings outlook for 2010 and build on that performance in 2011. Second, our successful equity offering aligns with and provides fundamental support for our business plan going forward, and positions NiSource to fund the deep inventory, attractive infrastructure investment opportunities available at each of our business units. I can assure you that our investment approach will remain disciplined and straightforward focused on meeting our customer needs, while building long-term value for our shareholders. Third, as always, we remain committed to communicating with our stakeholders in a transparent and timely manner regarding these and all of our efforts. Ongoing updates will be provided through our analyst calls and new releases posted on NiSource.com. Thank you for your participation today. Thank you for your continued interest and support of NiSource. With that Tijuana, I would open the call to questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Xin Liu with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Xin Liu – JPMorgan: Good morning everyone.
Bob Skaggs: Good morning.
Steve Smith: Good morning.
Xin Liu – JPMorgan: I just want to get more color on your operating expenses, for example, in your gas distribution segment, the 19 million increase, how much is due to the pension there, how much is due to other costs?
Steve Smith: Yes, hi, this is Steve. About $10 million of that 19 million is due to pension, and the balance is due to other factors.
Bob Skaggs: I would just mention again that pension for the most part reflects a catch-up that was recorded in 2009, but really benefited 2009 results.
Xin Liu – JPMorgan: Do you expect that to continue in the next quarter?
Steve Smith: No.
Bob Skaggs: No, really again it reflects that last year was benefited by an extraordinary reduction in pension expense. You might recall that Columbia of Ohio had a rate ruling, a rate provision that allowed to defer pension expenses. So in the third quarter of last year, they really deferred nine months worth of pension expense.
Xin Liu – JPMorgan: Okay.
Bob Skaggs: That helped when you do the comparison that makes 2010 look lumpy.
Xin Liu – JPMorgan: And for the balance of the increase, what drove that?
Steve Smith: Well, you had various employee and administrative costs that was about $7 million of the $19 million, and then the balance was higher taxes and other, which was driven primarily by higher property taxes and increased depreciation.
Xin Liu – JPMorgan: Okay.
Steve Smith: Those three items primarily drove the $19 million, the pension, the employee and admin cost, and then higher taxes, other and depreciation.
Bob Skaggs: And I would say, just as a general statement that we don’t consider any of these increases to be a systemic problem. There are consistent with plan. They reflect our ongoing operations.
Xin Liu – JPMorgan: Okay. And on pension, another question given you may have a lower [ph] rate, what would the impact be on next year for your pension expense?
Steve Smith: Well, as we look through the balance of the year, primarily where we are today is about 80% funded. Our return on assets has been what we had anticipated and protected it would be based on our assumptions. You are right to point out that the discount rate has dropped from year-end 2009, but again I would point out that what really matters is where the discount rate is at the end of the year. And as the discount rate moves around, if it is lower at the end of the year, it will drive a higher liability, if it is higher it will drive a lower liability. So we won’t know exactly where we end up. We have to wait until the end of the year before we can run all the analyses to figure out where our pension expense will be for 2011, and where our cash funding will be for 2011. But I will point out and emphasize that based on where we are relative to our asset performance, it is in line with our expectations.
Xin Liu – JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thanks.
Bob Skaggs: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Theresa Kim [ph] with Gideon [ph].
Theresa Kim – Gideon: Good morning.
Bob Skaggs: Good morning.
Theresa Kim – Gideon: I just want to make sure I understand what you said in your formal comments that you are on talks on the 2008 case, and that is conceivable that it would obviate the need to file a case this year, so can you just elaborate further, does that mean you would not file a – I guess, a rate case at all, or just file a case this year, but you would file next year?
Bob Skaggs: The base game plan is to file a NIPSCO electric rate case two during the fourth quarter. That is the base plan.
Theresa Kim – Gideon: Okay.
Bob Skaggs: However, we are in discussions with the stakeholders around rate case one. Those discussions are global in nature, and could encompass a resolution that might eliminate the need to file that second rate case. And again, I would use caution in my formal remarks, I would use caution, if I speak with you and others that these discussions are ongoing. They are fluid, they are touching on many issues, and they may or may not be successful. So, again, the game plan is to file that second-rate case ASAP during the fourth quarter.
Theresa Kim – Gideon: Okay. Thank you very much.
Bob Skaggs: Yes.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Thanks.
Bob Skaggs: Hi Carl.
Steve Smith: Hi Carl.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Just a couple of questions, maybe first on Columbia Gulf, Bob you said you guys just filed yesterday, understanding it is up to 50 million, you mentioned a host of things. You know, should we look at and I’m looking at this in context with the third quarter, where it looked like IT volumes were down. Is that the operating conditions you were referring to, and I guess I’m trying to get a better sense of is it really, is that what is driving it or is it more the investment and cost side?
Steve Smith: It is all the above Carl. It is the cost in the investment side, but it also certainly involves volumes and changes in the way this system is being used. So you read it correctly.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: And if I could, with respect to your comments made about not really being able to kind of get on the same page with respect to the incentive fuel cost, should we expect then this to be fully litigated, and I am curious what ROE you guys used in the pipeline rate filings?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, we requested 13.5 on ROE, and your question about is this going to be fully litigated or can we resolve it through a settlement. You know our philosophy, we attempt to settle most of our rate proceedings. We are certainly going to give this a good, good shot. I think this case is straightforward. It doesn’t have a lot of moving parts. My anticipation is that we will be able to resolve this case via settlement.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. I appreciate that, and then last question if I could is really more of a much bigger picture, and at the risk of not wanting to getting into detail for next year, I will see if I can sort of as it vague enough, you know, but with the potential IRUC settlement of NIPSCO gas, obviously that brings in all else being equal a fairly nice EPS pick up anyway from the depreciation front, and as I look around, obviously it is going to be dependent upon the NIPSCO outcome, but we do have some other positive things going on in the LDC world, and so what I’m wondering is maybe is we are looking at now this year in 2010 at a $1.20 to $1.25, are there major headwinds that we should be focusing on at this point for 2011 that might eat into some of these gains for instance?
Bob Skaggs: Yes.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: I don’t want you to get too far out of your skis, but you understand where I am coming from just want to make sure that we are looking at it correctly?
Bob Skaggs: No, more than happy to just touch on sensitivities for 2011 without getting into a outlook, earnings outlook discussion. But certainly the economy will continue to be a key sensitivity throughout the market area, but in particular in Indiana, Northwest Indiana. We do have some sensitivity around the Columbia Gulf rate case. We also have sensitivities around our optimization business, both at pipeline and at gas distribution, although we don’t rely on that business, it is a big earnings generator. At the margin it does play a role. And then just the ongoing issues around NIPSCO electric, can we provide additional clarity on that, can we firm up ’11 and ’12. Those are the key sensitivities that would hit my top four, top.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. But – and I appreciate all of that, but within there, there is nothing of that necessarily you are looking at where you sit today that you say, wow, this factor right here looks like it is really going south, for instance, in 2011. The economy, knock on wood, perhaps is stabilizing et cetera, et cetera.
Bob Skaggs: I would agree with your observation.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks guys.
Bob Skaggs: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning, and I apologize if you touched on this. I had to join late, but is there some noise around Duke and the commission and just wondering how you view that as a threat, or potential threat?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, during my comments Paul, I made the observation that we believe that the commission has resumed business that they are operating in the normal course, they have issued several very balanced orders in our proceedings. We expect them to act on the NIPSCO as settlement within a matter of weeks. And we believe that under the leadership of Chairman Atterholt the commission will continue to be balanced, constructive, and continue to process cases in a timely manner.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: What is your experience with the new chair?
Bob Skaggs: We know that – the new chair, obviously he hasn’t been in the chair but several weeks. But we have experienced with him a state legislator in Indiana, as the lead at the department of insurance in Indiana. His reputation and his work has again been very balanced, thoughtful and constructive. So we hold him in high regard and believe that he is going to operate the commission in that manner. Again, all indications are that they are working hard in processing cases, and ensuring the commission is working.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Bob Skaggs: Yes.
Steve Smith: Thanks Paul.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Sameer Sapna [ph] with Decade Capital [ph]. Please proceed.
Scott – Decade Capital: Hi, good morning. Actually, it is Scott [ph]. Sorry about that.
Bob Skaggs: Hi Scott. You were disguised there for a moment.
Scott – Decade Capital: Well, there is like 13 calls going on today. So…
Bob Skaggs: Yes, I know it is busy a few days.
Scott – Decade Capital: So, I just – I don’t know if you guys mentioned this already, or if that was in the release, just kind of wondering where you guys raised guidance, I think the weather normalized if I am correct. So, just kind of why the raise in the guidance? That is all.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, it has just been the ongoing solid performance of all of business units. They have been on top of their plan. They have not exceeded for the first nine months. At this point, we just have strong confidence that they are going to be in the $1.00 to $1.25, and you are correct, we do weather normalized.
Scott – Decade Capital: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Bob Skaggs: Thank you.
Operator: And with no further questions in queue, I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Bob Skaggs for closing remarks.
Bob Skaggs: Well, again thanks everyone for your participation this morning, and your interest, and we will talk to you as developments unfold. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining today’s conference. That concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Stephen P. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Glen Kettering - Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs Randy Hulen - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second quarter 2010 NiSource earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today, Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed. 
Glen Kettering: Thank you and good morning. On behalf of NiSource, I’d like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. We thank you for taking the time to join us this morning. With me this morning are Bob Skaggs, president and chief executive officer; Steve Smith, executive vice president and chief financial officer; and Randy Hulen, managing director of investor relations.  As you know the focus of today’s call is to review our financial performance for the second quarter of 2010 and provide a business update. We will then open the call to your questions. At times during the call we will refer to the supplemental slides available on our website at NiSource.com.  I’d like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this call will be forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statement. Information concerning risk factors and uncertainties is included in the MDNA and risk factors sections of our periodic SEC filings.  And now I’d like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs. 
Robert Skaggs: Thank you Glen. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Prior to reviewing our second quarter financial results, I want to thank those of you who participated, in person or virtually, in NiSource’s July 22 Investor Day, our first in over five years. It was a privilege for the NiSource team, our business unit CEOs Jimmy Staton and Chris Helms, and our CFO Steve Smith to provide an in depth profile of the company and its business segment strategies, and to detail the deep inventory of investment-driven growth opportunities at each of our units.  Again, we appreciate your interest and time invested to learn more about our business, our core strategy, and ultimately, why we believe that NiSource presents a compelling investment proposition. And as a reminder, if you weren’t able to join us, you can access our Investor Day presentations and a full transcript at NiSource.com. In particular, I would suggest taking a look at our Investor Day slide deck. It provides a crisp “why” NiSource is such an attractive investment. Now let’s turn to our second quarter results, and the second quarter slides that are available on NiSource.com. On slide 3, you can see that we delivered second quarter net operating earnings non-GAAP, of $37 million, or $0.13 per share, compared to $0.02 per share last year. Operating earnings for the quarter were $154 million, compared to $117 million for the same period last year.  As these strong results demonstrate, the NiSource team continues to execute on our balanced, low-risk, infrastructure investment-driven strategy for building sustainable growth and shareholder value. As we pass the halfway mark in 2010, I’m pleased to note that our financial performance is in line with our plan and that we remain on track to deliver our non-GAAP 2010 earnings outlook of $1.10 to $1.20 per share.  Before drilling into our second quarter results, let’s spend a moment on NiSource’s strategic framework. Slide four of our supplemental package outlines NiSource’s aspiration, our investment value proposition, and our balanced four-part business strategy.  Most of you have seen this, but I think it bears ongoing emphasis. This is the fundamental plan that’s underpinned our business over the last five years, and that drives our team’s performance day in and day out, year after year. I’d add that slide ten in the appendix provides a good snapshot of how we think about each business unit going forward.  Let’s now take a look at our second quarter results, starting with NiSource Gas Distribution, or NGD, on slide five. You’ll see NGD delivered operating earnings for the quarter of nearly $36 million, up from $7.5 million in 2009. Revenues for the quarter were up about $35 million, primarily due to ongoing regulatory initiatives and infrastructure investments, as well as the effect of rate increases at a number of our utilities.  Contributing to NGD’s 2010 second quarter revenue increase was Columbia Gas of Ohio’s full implementation of the levelized rate design provided for in its 2008 rate case settlement. This rate design change effectively means that COH’s fixed costs will be recovered as a fixed monthly charge versus volumetric rate design. This fundamental change is representative of several similar steps we’re taking at all of our gas distribution companies. Turning to NGD’s growth initiatives, a key milestone on the infrastructure investment front was Columbia Gas of Virginia’s completion of the Bear Garden expansion project, the largest new business project in NGD’s history. That project serves Dominion Virginia Power’s 580 megawatt natural gas fire generating station in Buckingham County Virginia. Demonstrating our team’s ability to execute, this construction project was completed on schedule and well within budget.  The NGD regulatory teams continue to make progress on the rate case front during the quarter. In Pennsylvania, we have a settlement on file and late last week the administrative law judge issued a recommended decision approving the settlement as filed. Pending Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission approval, new rates are anticipated to be in place early in the fourth quarter.  As you know, we also have a case pending in Virginia, which we expect to resolve through settlement prior to year’s end. We also filed a gas rate case during the second quarter at Northern Indiana Public Service Company, or NIPSCO, and the NIPSCO regulatory team is actively pursuing settlement of that case with its stakeholders. As we discussed during our first quarter earnings call in early May, this case proposes to restore NIPSCO’s earnings to an appropriate level with virtually no impact on customers. The filing also contains a proposal to extend low income and energy efficiency programs providing customers with tools to reduce their energy consumption and manage cost.  So our NGD team continues to deliver strong, balanced performance across the customer, operational, regulatory, and financial dimensions. And because of this consistent execution, we remain confident that our investment-driven strategy will deliver earnings growth at this segment of approximately 3% per year over the long term. Let’s now take a look at NiSource Gas Transmission and Storage, or NGT&S, highlighted on slide six. In the second quarter, our NGT&S team achieved operating earnings of about $75 million compared to $81 million in 2009. For the six months, the segment’s operating earnings were about $201 million, or nearly $9 million over last year’s level.  Second quarter net revenues at NGT&S increased $7 million, driven by growth projects placed into service in 2009, as well as increased customer demand margins. I’d note that the revenue increase is net of a reduction of short term park-and-loan type business of about $5 million for the quarter, reflecting relatively modest seasonal price spreads and market volatility compared to last year. Operating expenses were up in the second quarter, primarily due to the timing of expenditures and increased spending in our pipeline integrity management program.  Turning to NGT&S’s growth initiatives during the quarter, our NGT&S team continued to execute on expansion projects in the Marcellus Shale region, where NGT&S has one of the area’s most, if not the most, extensive pipeline and storage footprints. The team placed the Cobb compressor station project into service in May. This $15 million project, built on schedule and on budget, will provide Appalachian producers with over 25,000 decatherms per day of long-term firm transportation service.  The team also advanced a series of projects in the Majorsville, Pennsylvania area, that support increased production from the Marcellus region. Majorsville is an anchor project for us in southwestern Pennsylvania, representing an investment of nearly $80 million that will provide increased capacity of 325,000 decatherms per day when placed into service during the third quarter. These projects will be gathering gas from key Marcellus producers, including Range Resources and Chesapeake, into a processing plant being built by MarkWest, which can provide 120 million cubic feet per day of processing capacity. MarkWest also recently announced plans to more than double the plant’s capacity in 2011. As Chris Helms covered in his Investor Day presentation, over the course of the next several years, we anticipate making Marcellus area growth project investments of approximately $200 million annually, following a disciplined strategy of aggregating supply, transporting gas to and from market centers, as well as providing downstream transportation and storage services. Turning now to NIPSCO’s electric business on slide seven. NIPSCO Electric reported second quarter operating earnings of approximately $48 million, an increase of about $17 million over the same period in 2009. Consistent with the first quarter, NIPSCO saw an increase in its industrial and residential margins that helped drive a revenue increase of about $27 million. Operating expenses increased by about $10 million over last year’s levels, due primarily to property taxes and storm damage costs.  Although much work remains to be done as we work to restore NIPSCO Electric’s earnings power and position it to grow on a long term basis, we’re encouraged by this year’s progress made by Jimmy Staton and his team. In addition to improved financial results, the NIPSCO team is dramatically improving its operating and customer service metrics, as well as advancing its key regulatory agenda.  Notably, generation reliability has improved by 40% and outage duration times have been reduced by 35%. Another notable example of progress being made by the NIPSCO team is reflected in J.D. Power’s 2010 electric utility residential customer satisfaction study, which showed that NIPSCO was among the top performers in the nation driving improved residential customer satisfaction levels. I’d also note that on the gas side, NIPSCO climbed to fourth place out of 17 utilities in J.D. Power’s Midwest large segment residential natural gas satisfaction survey, released this quarter. NIPSCO’s focus on its customers sharpened yet again in June, with the filing at the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission, or IURC, to expand customer efficiency programs. The programs include appliance rebates and recycling, low income weatherization, air conditioning cycling, energy audits, and new construction incentives, again with the objective of helping customers actively manage their energy costs.  Turning to NIPSCO’s regulatory agenda, on the rate case front, as most of you are aware, our 2008 rate case remains pending with the IURC. Our current expectation is that we will see an order in the third quarter.  And just a reminder, as we discussed on a number of occasions, an additional NIPSCO electric rate case is expected to be filed in the fall of this year. We’re planning a very straightforward case with the filing reflecting recent demand and cost levels, plus enhanced energy efficiency and customer assistance programs. The core objective of the second rate case is to restore NIPSCO Electric’s earnings to an appropriate level, and to do so in a manner that’s responsive to the interests of its customers and to other key stakeholders. Our goal is to have a resolution of that case in place by late 2011 or early 2012.  To wrap up with slide eight, NiSource’s overall business and financial performance for the quarter was quite strong and firmly in line with our business plan. We remain committed to our 2010 net operating earnings guidance, and to delivering on our outlook for the fourth consecutive year.  Looking forward, our approach to infrastructure investment and growth opportunities will remain thoughtful and straightforward, focused on meeting our customer needs and on making investments that create value for our shareholders. This disciplined development approach has served us well, and it’s one that we’ll continue to follow religiously. Finally, as we emphasized during the course of our Investment Day discussions, one of NiSource’s fundamental objectives continues to be to increase the level of our infrastructure investments to about $1 billion annually, and to do so in a manner that is value-added for shareholders and at the same time supportive of our investment-grade credit profile. And as we increase the annual capital spend towards that higher level, we would expect our annual earnings growth rate to fall on the upper end of the 3% to 5% range.  As always, we remain committed to communicating with our investors in a transparent and timely manner regarding these and all of our efforts. Ongoing updates will be provided through our analyst calls and news releases posted on NiSource.com. Thank you for participating today, and for your continued interest and support of NiSource. Operator, at this point let’s open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Your first question comes from the line of Paul Patterson of Glenrock. Please proceed.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I wanted to touch base with you on the 2008 case. It seems to be taking considerably longer than you guys had expected and I’m just wondering why you think it’s taking so much longer than you guys thought it would.
Robert Skaggs: Well, just a couple of prefacing it observations. Number one, as you and virtually everybody else knows, it’s the first case that we’ve had at NIPSCO Electric in over 20 years. The case covers everything, from A to Z, and one central feature or issue in the case has been rate design and cost allocation, and again, that was litigated as well as everything in the case was litigated. So to say the obvious, complex, involved case that the parties needed to go through in great detail. So that’s an introductory of sorts. I’d also make the observation that the commission has only had the case now for about six months, and their typical deliberating process endures or continues for about six months, so I think we’re still within the window of that decision making process, and as I said in my prepared remarks, we expect an order yet this quarter.
Paul Patterson:  Right, but in the last quarter conference call you guys expected something by the middle of 2010. We’re now in August and I haven’t even seen it on the agenda. Has anything changed in that period of time?
Robert Skaggs: Again, I tried to indicate. I think they’re going through their normal deliberating process. It’s a big, complex case and so I think it’s just part of the normal process. We don’t read anything into it, negative or positive, and again we expect a decision within the short term.
Paul Patterson: Does it delay the filing, the third quarter filing potentially?
Robert Skaggs: Yes. We would like to get this case in hand. We’d like to be able to digest it, and we’d also like to preview the follow up case with our stakeholders. So it does almost by definition delay. We will not delay indefinitely, but again we expect the commission to act within a short period of time and the second case will follow closely thereafter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst, of NiSource.
Robert Skaggs: Hey Carl, welcome aboard! [Laughter.]
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: I’m actually still with BMO last I checked.
Robert Skaggs: Okay, yeah. That would have been the biggest surprise in today’s call, wouldn’t it?
Carl Kirst: I’m always glad there are options. [Laughter.] Sorry, so, a few questions here. First off, on the LDC side, nice beat, nice results overall. I’m trying to get a better sense of, we knew the levelized rates was certainly redistributing some of the winter period earnings, but how much of second quarter where the increase in revenue came from off system sales, and perhaps how much operating income came from off system sales. Just trying to get a better sense of that.
Robert Skaggs: It’s about $10 million, give or take.
Cark Kirst: And is that just basically related to the increasing basis that we saw, and sort of just movement across the system, or what do you attribute that to?
Robert Skaggs: No, I’m sorry, I may have misunderstood the question. At the gas distribution companies, just for clarity’s sake, about $10 million came from the rate design change at Columbia Gas of Ohio. Okay? And we had a bit of an uptick in off system sales between $10 million and $15 million at the gas distribution companies. I wouldn’t attribute it to basis per se. It was a bit opportunistic and so I’d separate it from that.
Cark Kirst: Okay. The $10 million is sort of what we might consider to be the base foundation if you will?
Robert Skaggs: From the Columbia Gas of Ohio rate design change.
Carl Kirst: Exactly.
Robert Skaggs: Correct.
Carl Kirst: And then two other just quick detail questions. I noticed in the reconciliation, also in the LDC, there was a $5.7 million revenue adjustment, but I didn’t see any description for what that was and . . .
Robert Skaggs: Yeah, that was a legal reserve that was reflected earlier in revenue and now we’ve taken a reserve on it.
Carl Kirst: Great, thank you. And you know, maybe just a broader question and I can back in queue. You know, understanding we’re in a situation of kind of under-promising and over-delivering, you guys have just put up excellent results in the first half of the year. I know we’re staying with this $1.10 to $1.20 guidance. Certainly though, when I look at what happened with the second half of last year for instance, as far as year over year comparisons, in order to kind of stick even with the high end of that guidance you guys would be below second half ’09 results. Is this just out of an abundance of caution, and wanting to see the NIPSCO ruling first, or should we be expecting some negative year over year comps in the second half of the year?
Robert Skaggs: Well, number one, Carl, we always try to give you our best shot on an earnings outlook, so we always try to shoot straight with that. But you really hit the nail on the head. We have this huge, and I’ll say it again, huge, rate case pending that as you know has many, many, many moving parts. Now we’ve tried to model and give the market our best take on that, but in all fairness to us and the process, again it’s a huge, complex case that is extremely difficult to model. And that’s the primary reason that we’re staying with what we’ve given you so far on the outlook.
Carl Kirst: Understood. Appreciate the color. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon of Keybanc. Please proceed.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets:  You’ve got some timing issues on the expenses at NGT&S. Can you kind of quantify how big that was, and when we get that back?
Robert Skaggs: Yeah, really what we’ve attempted to do is to take the opportunity to step up our maintenance, and I highlighted in my remarks our Integrity Management Program, so that’s what’s really driving the bump in that spending, and give or take it’s between $7 million to $8 million. That’s the bump that we’ve incurred.
Paul Ridzon: And how big were the storm costs at NIPSCO?
Robert Skaggs: They were about $3.5 million. And just for everybody on the call, in Indiana, like much of the Midwest, there were a series of very, very heavy storms and so about $3.5 million to restore customer service in the aftermath of those strikes, storms.
Paul Ridzon: That’s not netted out in your weather adjustment, is it?
Robert Skaggs: No, it’s not. We just went on and hit operating earnings as part of ongoing business.
Paul Ridzon: Okay. It looks like industrial is really starting to accelerate. Any color on what you’ve seen thus far? You have July under your belt.
Robert Skaggs: Yeah, it’s certainly better than what we had anticipated. Better than what we reflected in our outlook. From our perspective it’s still slow. If anything we expect it to slow down a bit for the balance of the summer and into the balance of the third quarter. So like many of our brother and sister utilities in this area, we’re seeing flickers, but nothing that we would ever characterize as sustained uptick.
Paul Ridzon: As we move into ’11, can you kind of talk about some of the impacts on earnings at the Ohio Auction [inaudible]?
Robert Skaggs:  We certainly expect the auction to reduce our off system sales capability in Ohio. And when we provide guidance and now look in 2011 we’ll give you a little bit more color and detail. But that will be the key sort of impact to watch when we guide for ’11. 
Paul Ridzon: And then just finally, just to clarify, your 3% to 3.5% growth aspiration is EPS, not net income, correct?
Robert Skaggs: It’s earnings per share growth. You’re correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Lefebvre of Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo: Just on Carl’s question, I wanted to clarify. Is it $10 million per quarter for the new rate design in Columbia of Ohio? Is that how we should be thinking about it for 3Q and 4Q?
Robert Skaggs: Well, I’ve got to think about that for a moment, but no, because of, when it was implemented in 2009, and I can’t recall exactly when it was implemented, but I think you will see part of it in the third quarter, and you’ll certainly see quarter to quarter it was definitely in during the fourth quarter of 2009.
Jonathan Lefebvre: But we should expect fourth quarter will be down a bit year over year due to the levelizing mechanism?
Robert Skaggs: It should be apples to apples. 
Jonathan Lefebvre: Gotcha.
Robert Skaggs:  If you get me, because I believe we implemented, I can’t recall when we implemented in 2009 quite frankly, but I’m sure it was in towards the latter part of the year.
Jonathan Lefebvre: Okay. And then just in terms of the – 
Robert Skaggs: And by the way, we’ll ask Randy to follow up with you on that, because we’re relying on my memory and I just can’t nail that.
Jonathan Lefebvre: Not a problem. And then in terms of the interest expense. You’re running kind of below where we thought year to date on the second half, I mean do you think this is a reasonable run rate?
Stephen Smith: Well, I think this - 
Robert Skaggs: This is Steve by the way.
Stephen Smith: Yes, Steve, thanks Bob. I think, you know, vis-a-vis what we anticipated for the year in guidance, I would say interest rates have performed well in terms of they’ve been a lot lower for a whole host of reasons. So we’ve continued to see some upside on the interest expense line. And again, you know, that’s largely driven by what’s taken place in the broader economy at large. You know, Treasury rates are pretty low and have been for quite some time. 
Jonathan Lefebvre: Fair enough, and the PA settlement, was that in the $1.10 to $1.20, can you refresh my memory there. 
Robert Skaggs: Yes it was.
Jonathan Lefebvre: And then finally, just in terms of the financing outlook, and I know you touched on this on your analyst day, but as you think about, you know, growing your transmission and storage business, I’m sure you’ve seen the recent storage IPOs in the MLP space, and what they went out at. Care to comment on what you’re seeing there, and if that’s catching your eye at all and maybe rank that versus doing some type of equity versus MLP at this point? Which would you prefer?
Robert Skaggs: Yeah, at this point we continue to monitor closely the MLP IPO activity, but as I mentioned at Investor Day on July 22, we’ve taken that off the table for the time being. Again, we continue to monitor, we see some advantages in the approach, but for us we’re taking it off the table for the time being.
Jonathan Lefebvre: So I guess it would be more preferable to look at equity to continue the growth at NGT&S if that was the right thing to do.
Robert Skaggs: Well, let me just talk a little bit about financing. Number one, and again I mentioned this during Investor Day, our first and foremost consideration is do we have value-enhancing franchise-enhancing investments? Is the inventory good? Is the inventory of investments compelling? And as you know we’ve been striving to increase the spend, annual spend, to about $1 billion a year, so that’s first and foremost as we think about things.  And then we move to financing, and literally we have not made a decision on how, what, when, where and the like. We continue to study that. We continue to consider our financing options, but we’ve just made no decision in that regard. When we, though, begin the process of looking at financing and perhaps pulling the trigger on financing, there are certain key principles that we’re going to measure against. Number one is what really Paul mentioned earlier, 3% to 5% earnings per share growth. That’s the first commitment. The second commitment is to our current dividend level of $0.92, and the third point that we’re committed to is the investment-grade credit rating. So that’s where our thinking is, and that’s the process and the standards we’re going to measure any decision against.
Jonathan Lefebvre: Okay. I appreciate the color. Nice quarter guys.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue. [Operator instructions.] 
Robert Skaggs: All right operator. Maybe we can just make a few concluding comments.
Operator: Pardon the interruption. You have a question from the line of Jay Dobson of Wunderlich Securities. Please proceed.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Right under the wire there, Bob.
Robert Skaggs: Yeah, you just made it Jay.
Jay Dobson: Exactly. Just a quick follow up. I don’t remember who asked it earlier, but in talking about the Indiana rate case outcome maybe just give us a little sense of your confidence level around a third quarter decision. And certainly understand the question’s a really tough one to answer. It’s certainly not within your control, but I guess in as much as you emphasize appropriately how important a rate case and perhaps more importantly a complex rate case it is, it’s certainly key on investors’ minds. So I guess the way I’d ask the question is, you know, what’s the probability we’re on the third quarter earnings call, and we don’t have a decision?
Robert Skaggs: Yeah, it’s very difficult to predict with precision. I go back to the point that I made, though with Paul at the outset, that the commission has had this case now for give or take six months, and I think Indiana practice has been to decide major cases and proceedings within a six to nine month time frame. We know that the commission has held one executive session to consider the case, or to consider the decision making process in the case. We know that they are working hard on this case, and have been working hard on that case. So all indications, based on history, based on the flurry of activity we see, that the six to nine month decision making framework is probable.
Jay Dobson: Gotcha. You’d still anticipate the next case coming sort of right on the heels of that, so you know, if this does end up pushing into fourth quarter a decision then, you know, we’d be delaying and pushing that next case into the fourth quarter.
Robert Skaggs: That’s correct. But we will move with dispatch. We’ll give ourselves a bit of time to digest, socialize, and follow the follow-on.
Jay Dobson: Hey, that’s great. Thanks for the time.
Operator: This concludes the question and answer section of the call. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Bob Skaggs for closing remarks.
Robert Skaggs: Thank you operator and thanks again everyone for your participation, your interest and support of NiSource. Again, I would just put a pitch in for our recent Investor Day work and the materials that are available on NiSource.com. If you haven’t had a chance to look at those I think it would be worth you taking a look at the materials, the transcript and the presentations. So with that, thank you and have a good day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Stephen P. Smith - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Glen Kettering - Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs Randy Hulen - Director of Investor Relations
Analyst: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associate Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets
Barry Klein - Citigroup: Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets
Operator:  Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first quarter 2010 NiSource earnings conference call. My name is Natasha ad I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs; please proceed. 
Glen Kettering: Thank you and good morning. On behalf of NiSource, I’d like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. We thank you for taking the time to join us. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hulen, Director of Investor Relations.  As you know the focus of today’s call is to review our financial performance for the first quarter of 2010, and provide a business update. We will then open the call to your questions. At times during the call we will refer to supplemental slides available on our website at www.nisource.com.  I’d like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statement. Information concerning such risks and uncertainties is included in the MDNA and risk factors section of our periodic SEC filings.  Now I’d like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Bob Skaggs:  Thanks Glen. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us today. In the sprite of continues improvement, our format for today's call will be somewhat different than our prior calls.  Instead of simply reviewing the contents of our quarterly earnings release, which hopefully you’ve had an opportunity to read by now, we are going to streamline things and focus on our financial results, and the progress the team in making on our 2010 business and regulatory priorities.  As part of our new approach, you’ll see we’ve added additional supplemental slides that you can refer to on www.nisource.com. We hope that you find the new format helpful and we certainly welcome your feedback.  Referring to slide three, you can see that we’ve delivered first quarter net operating earnings, non-GAAP of about $200 million or $0.72 per share, compared to $0.62 per share last year. Operating earnings for the quarter were almost $405 million compared to $370 million for the same period last year.  We are encouraged by these results and believe that they demonstrate the teams continuing success in executing our balanced low risk, investment driven strategy for building sustainable growth and shareholder value. With this solid start to the year, we remain on track to deliver our 2010 earnings outlook of $1.10 to $1.20 per share again non-GAAP.  Part of reviewing our business results, I’ll take a moment to reiterate our four part strategy to position, build and grow NiSource. The strategy, one we’ve been consistently articulating and pursuing for the last five years is summarized on slide four. Specifically we continue to expand our gas transmission in storage business, particularly in the Marcellus shale region of the Appalachian.  We continue to think our long-term utility infrastructure program with complementary regulatory initiatives. We continue to manage our financials in a disciplined, thoughtful manner, with an unwavering focus on delivering long-term value to our shareholders and other financials stack-holders; and finally we continue to manage costs and processes across the corporation.  Lets now take a look at our NiSource gas distribution unit or NGD on slide five. You’ll see NGD delivered operating earnings for the quarter of nearly $235 million, essentially flat to 2009. I’d note that this is a bit of an apples-to-oranges comparison, in particular NGDs 2010 first quarter revenues were reduced by about $20 million compared to last year, as the result of Columbia Gas of Ohio’s full implementation of the so called levelized rate design or some might say, straight fixed variable.  This change effectively means that all of COH’s fixed cost will be recovered on a fixed monthly basis going forward, versus the traditional model under which a significant portion of its costs were recovered on a volumetric basis. Because the new methodology results in a more even spread of revenues over the course of the year, the revenue decrease experienced in the first quarter will be offset over the balance of the year.  I’d also note that increased revenue from our other utilities, including the impact of the recent rate cases, helped to offset some of the reduced Colombia of Ohio revenue in the quarter. Looking forward, the remainder of 2010 will be quite active for NGD as we continue to synchronize our infrastructure programs with various customer and regulatory initiatives.  Lets start with Indiana. As you know, Jimmy Staton is now also leading our Indiana utilities as group CEO. Jimmy has a strong track record of developing and executing regulatory and business strategies, designed to benefit customers and other key stake holders.  In Indiana he has literally hit the ground sprinting. Just yesterday NIPSCO filed a gas base rate case, which among other things proposes to restore the company’s earnings to an appropriate level, as well as to extend low income and energy efficiency programs for customers.  Notably, the following proposals of reduction and deferral of certain depreciation expenses will result in an improved earnings profile with virtually no impact on customers. If the case were to be resolved by the formal hearing process, it could take up to a year to do so. That said, our objective is to resolve the case via settlement by early 2011 or perhaps even sooner.  More of less simultaneously with the Indiana filing, we filed a great case for Colombia Gas of Virginia, which is seeking about $13 million in additional revenues. The anticipated effective date of new rates is January 1, 2011.  As discussed in our last earning call, Colombia Gas of Pennsylvania, Colombia Gas of Maryland, both filed rate cases in late January. The Pennsylvania case seeks an increase in base rates of approximately $32 million, while the Maryland case is seeking an adjustment of $2.2 million. New rates for these two cases were expected to be in place in the fourth quarter of this year.  Lets now take a look at our NiSource Gas transmission and storage business or NGT&S; that’s in slide six. In the first quarter our NGT&S team achieved operating earnings of $125 million, an increase of nearly $15 million over the first quarter of 2009.  Net revenues increased about $15 million. A significant portion of the improvement is attributable to increased firm capacity reservation fees from previously announced capital projects, including the Eastern market expansion, the Ohio storage expansion and projects to provide transportation for new Appalachian production. Net revenues also increased as a result of the recognition of NGT&S’s transfer of certain native gas volumes to our Hardy Storage partnership. NGT&S is Appalachian projects continue to advance, including the approximately $15 million Cobb Compressor Station expansion that’s to be paced in service later this quarter, as well as a series of Majorsville growth project totaling about $80 million, which are expected to have a total capacity of 325,000 dekatherms per day when they are placed into service during the third quarter.  Beyond these specific projects, the NGT&S team continues to develop an extensive portfolio of additional growth projects in the Marcellus region, designed to meet the needs of the market, at the same time delivering attractive returns on invested capital.  Turing to our electric business on slide seven. As you know, this is the pivotal year for our electric operations as we develop and roll out important customer programs, continue to improve the reliability of our operations, and pursue our core regulatory agenda, which collectively will position this business for long term growth.  Our electric operations reported first quarter operating earnings of approximately $46 million, an increase of about $20 million over the same period in 2009. During the quarter we experienced lower operating expenses, as well as increased net revenues from increased usage, and off-system sales, reflecting an up-tick in industrial and residential demand. Although this is certainly a welcome development, we believe it’s too early to identify the definitive trend. Our plan reflects a gradual economic recovery. Shifting to our rate cases. We expect to receive an order in our 2008 electric rate case in the next few months. As we have discussed in prior calls the case has in a sense been overtaken by the impacts of the economic downturn. We nevertheless are eagerly waiting the Indian Commissions order in the case, as it should resolve the number of cost allocation, rate design, and other issues that we hopefully can incorporate in our second eclectic rate case.  Specking of which, the second eclectic rate case is expected to be filed in the third quarter of 2010. The follow will reflect the recent demand in cost levels, and will propose energy, efficiency and customer systems progress. I will also not that we are investing more the $200 million during 2010 in our electric generating fleet, and distribution infrastructure to insure the North West Indian region maintains reliable access to modern environmentally compliant and affordable energy.  Without minimizing the challenge, I’m convinced we have the correct ingredients in place to execute on our Indiana business and regulatory agenda. I look forward to providing ongoing updates on future calls.  Before we close, I’d like to direct your attention to one slide in the supplemental package, its slide A, entitled Building Investment Driven Growth. This slide provides a thumbnail sketch of the regulated low risk fee based platform we are building here at NiSource, and it summarizes the strategic approach and projected growth rates for each or our key business unites. Again, all premised on a disciplined, long-term infrastructure investment program.  As I mentioned in passed calls, we believe that the optimum investment level for our stable of companies is about $1 billion annually, perhaps a bit more in some years, and a bit less in others. The key consideration for us is how best to fund these compelling growth opportunities. Although we haven’t reached the definitive conclusion, I can say that we are committed to doing so, in a manner that creates shareholder value, maintains the dividend, and preserves our investment grade credit rate.  To wrap-up with slide nine; number one, NiSources’s overall business and financial performance for the quarter was strong, and firmly inline with our business plan. We remain committed to our 2010 non-GAAP guidance and to a long-term growth rate of 3% to 5%.  Second, our aggressive regulatory and business plan at NIPSCO; while we are taking additional time, conservable effort remains on track. Third, the infrastructure investment in our gas distribution operations continues as planed; the significant benefit for customers and shareholders alike.  Fourth, we are focused on explaining our competitive advantage in the Marcellus Shale play, which include identifying, developing and deploying infrastructure investments to meet the needs of the producers who are developing this exciting new supply resource; and finally, we are focused on building the necessary balance sheet flexibility to fund an ongoing capital investment level of roughly $1 billion per year.  Before turning to questions, I want to plug our plans to hold an Investor Day in New York on July 22. More details will be shared in the coming months. We hope that all of you can attend in person or virtually, to learn more about our business, hear executives discuss there near and long term strategies, and review our exciting ray of investment opportunities.  As always we remain committed to communicating with our investors in a transparent and timely manner regarding these and all of our efforts. Ongoing updates will be provided though our analyst calls and news releases posted on www.nisource.com. Thank you for participating today and for your continued interest and support of NiSource.  Natasha, at this point we can open the call to questions.
Operator:   Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenmark Associates; please proceed.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associate: Good morning, its Paul Peterson/Patterson, can you hear me?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, good morning Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associate: I want to touch base with you on the gas case that you filed yesterday, the NIPSCO gas case. I’m sorry if I missed this, is there any rate increase that you guys are asking for?
Bob Skaggs: There is no increase in overall revenues for the Indiana gas case. There is a very modest increase on residential customers, it’s a function of rate design and the like. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associate:  Okay, and when we’re looking at these businesses, what’s the last 12 month ROE that you guys are getting from these businesses, roughly speaking?
Bob Skaggs: Well, for virtually all of our businesses we are earning at or near, or in some cases a bit above allowed returns. The two notable exceptions are in Indiana on the electric side and the gas side, and we’ll start with the electric side. The ROE is in the single digit’s territory, so clearly under performing. On the gas side of our business that ROE is effectively zero, it’s nil. Consequently the aggressive rate activity in Indiana reflects the need to approve the earnings power of these companies.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associate: Sure, and then with respect to the pension cost reductions and deferrals, could you elaborate a little bit more on that, what’s driving that.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, let me go on and refer to Steve Smith on pension in total and more specifically.
Steve Smith : Yes, thanks Paul. On pension, as you know we had a deferral approved in Ohio, which helped us defer some of the costs. When you look at pension expense for 2010 incorporated in our guidance.  In the February call it was in the $85 million range for all companies, and if you look at it now, currently what we are anticipating, it will be somewhat less than that in the $75 million plus range. So pension expense has improved somewhat relative to our 2010 guidance.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associate: Okay, and then in terms of other taxes, I notice that there seemed to be some benefit there, the other taxes, I’m not talking about the tracker one, the non-tracker one seemed to go down somewhat, and I’m just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on that?
Steve Smith : Well, in terms of our effective tax rate, we had a much higher effective tax rate in the first quarter of 2009, that was around 38%, and when you look at the effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2010, that’s closer to 36%. So we have some benefits there, mostly driven by higher state income tax benefits and some timing differences for depreciation.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associate: Okay, when we are looking at your guidance that you guys have, what is the effective tax rate that you guys have for that?
Steve Smith : It’s around the 36% range.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associate: Okay, and then the other taxes which went down, looks like around $6 million or $7 million I guess in the income statement, why did that go down?
Steve Smith : I’ll have to get that for you Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associate: Okay, thanks so much.
Bob Skaggs: Paul, just if you have detailed questions of that nature, maybe you could call Randy Hulen immediately after the call and he’ll be more than happy to drill down on that sort of thing for you.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associate: Okay, thanks so much guys.
Bob Skaggs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with Keybanc; please proceed.
Bob Skaggs: Good morning Paul.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: Good morning, how are you?
Bob Skaggs: Doing well. We feel good about the quarter.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: What you are asking for as far as the depreciation change in Indiana Gas?
Bob Skaggs: The Indiana Gas depreciation change is going to amount to about $50 million, about reduction. Right now it’s roughly $90 million, and we would reduce that by about $50 million. $25 million of that give or take would be a deferral of depreciation expense for six years or so, and the balance of the reduction is a reduction of the depreciation rate form roughly 5% to roughly 1.5%. So that’s the way the reduction is layered.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: That sounds like it should be pretty non-controversial.
Bob Skaggs: Well I think we are going to have to work through this. This is a bit unconventional, and we’re going to have to work with the stakeholders to ensure there is good a understanding of what we are proposing.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: Then, given kind of what you see as your investment opportunities, moving a little bit north, how are you thinking of buying them, albeit at this point?
Bob Skaggs: Working with the board, we continue to review the MLP. A couple of dimensions to that ongoing review is number one, what help does it provide in the way of financing; and then secondly, what will it do for us commercially? So we’re taking a very thoughtful look. It is strategic in nature, and we are approaching it in that way. So Paul it continues, and we’ll be having board meetings next week and this will be a topic of conversation.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: Then, where are industrial sales kind of relative to how you were thinking about the rollback in February.
Bob Skaggs:
-:
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: Then finally, what was the magnitude of the gain of transferring gas to Hardy’s?
Bob Skaggs: Roughly, $8 million pretax.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: Thank you very much.
Bob Skaggs: Okay. Make just another note on the transfer of the native gas. I did see a report earlier today questioning whether it is in fact recurring. We’ve had a history of storage gas sales, transfers, dispositions. We have also done the same with gas reserves, write aways, and other core assets.  So we do consider part of our ongoing business, supposed to be an extraordinary one continually seeking value from our core assets and that’s just one good example of finding value and will continue to do so.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: Yes I understand, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Barry Klein; please proceed.
Barry Klein - Citigroup: Hi guys.
Bob Skaggs: Hey Barry, how are you?
Barry Klein - Citigroup: I just have one follow-up on the NITSCO gas case. I figured everyone else asked it as their first question, so I might as well follow the trend. There is not much of an increase in rates, the depreciation change is about $50 million. As far as it draws down to the operating income line, pretty much the $50 million would be the impact on EBIT?
Bob Skaggs: Give or take, lets say that’s a good analysis.
Barry Klein - Citigroup: Okay great; and then with the change in the Ohio rate structure, in the past you’ve given a sensitivity I think to changes in weather and degree days. Is there a new sensitivity now on any changes in degree days?
Bob Skaggs: Very little sensitivity now. When you are on a levelized rate design, it affectively normalizes the weather and throughput.
Barry Klein - Citigroup: Okay, so if we see favorable or unfavorable weather from quarter-to-quarter, the impact on overall earnings from weather, there is still somewhat of an impact right from their service areas.
Bob Skaggs: Somewhat, but it is relatively nominal, and we’ll certainly give you those impacts and you will see it in the reconciling schedule one in the earnings release. So we’ll give you that information, but we’ve really dampened the impact of weather and demand in Ohio.
Barry Klein - Citigroup: Got you, and then with regard to the electric operations, the net revenue excluding the trackers were up as a result of industrial and residential customer margins. On the residential side, it didn’t look like there was a big tick up in volumes. Was there a change in the unit margins?
Bob Skaggs: No, it was primarily driven by the increased deliveries, and again the up-tick is relatively normal. It’s about $2 million quarter-over-quarter, so it’s not a big number.
Barry Klein - Citigroup: From the residential side?
Bob Skaggs: From the residential side.
Barry Klein - Citigroup: Then the industrial makes up the…?
Bob Skaggs: About $10 million
Barry Klein - Citigroup: Okay, thanks a lot.
Bob Skaggs: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan with Wells Fargo; please proceed.
Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo: Good morning guys, a nice quarter. 
Bob Skaggs: Yes, thank you. We appreciate that.
Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo: Just, I wanted to follow up on the MLP question, and I know your very early stages at looking at this, but perhaps you can maybe give us some color on what type of strategy if you were to pursue it. Would it be a dropdown-type strategy or would you follow more of the Williams-type strategy? How do you see that unfolding?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, too early to really give you much more color on that. We are certainly looking at the alternatives and you kind of nailed the book-in’s, but we could consider a small MLP that would be analogous lets say to a spectra; where we can look at the bigger one that Williams has announced. We are practically something in between.  Our prior experience with the MLP rule was gosh, three or four years ago when we did file an S1, you may recall that that S1 was predicated on a small, lets call it drop down sort of MLP. So that’s been our history. Again, we will give this a good thorough look, but at this point I don’t have any bios to share with you or additional color, other than we are going through that structure analysis.
Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo: So, would you see it more as a way to close the evaluation gap, or would you see it as a more of a financing vehicle.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, that’s what I meant to convey in my earlier comments. We are again considering those strategic or value considerations. What it will do for us financing wise, what might it do for us evaluation, and then also commercially, strategically what it would do for us? So those are the sorts of things that we are working through with our board’s finance committee as we speak.
Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo: Okay great, and any type of timeline where we think we might have more definitive answers around this?
Bob Skaggs: Obviously, the analysis will progress over the course of the summer, and on this call, AGA, certainly the Investor Day we’ll continue to give you an update, and the progress report on the analysis.
Jonathan Lefebvre - Wells Fargo: Okay thanks, I appreciate the time.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital; please proceed.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets.: Hi, thanks. Good morning everybody and nice quarter as well.
Bob Skaggs: Hi, thank you.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets.: A couple questions, and why not start with NIPSCO gas.
Bob Skaggs: As opposed to NIPSCO electric?
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets.: Well, you know Indiana gas. The question was just as we change the depreciation, would that have any bearing as you look at it over the next several years from a capital expenditure stance. Will that change any of your thoughts of how much money we’d be spending there?
Bob Skaggs: Oh gosh Carl, I think the CapEx decision consideration stands on its own. We are going to look at the needs of that system and invest appropriately. I would just again give you an editorial. The NIPSCO gas system is in exceedingly good shape. So its very modern, safe, reliable system. So just keep that in your mind when you analyze that company.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets.: Okay, I appreciate it.
Bob Skaggs: Currently, we are spending about between $35 million and $40 million annually at NIPSCO gas. I think that’s probably a pretty good representative spend.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets.: So that’s essentially what the depreciation would be going down to?
Bob Skaggs: Effectively, yes.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets.: Okay, alright, so that’s sort of really synchronizing there, okay. Then a last question if I could, what is the current state of the natural gas marketing effort?
Bob Skaggs: You have to help me on that one Carl. The disposition of our non-regulated units?
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets.: Correct.
Bob Skaggs: We are in wind down mode for those units.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets.: Okay, was that a material contributor or detractor for the quarter, just out of curiosity?
Bob Skaggs: No, virtually nothing.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets.: Alright, thank you.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, thank you.
Operator: I show no further questions in the queue. I would now like to turn the call over for any closing remarks.
Bob Skaggs: Thank you, and again, just to thank everyone for your participation, interest, and support and another plug for the upcoming Investor Day, which Glen, help me with the date again, it’s July 22?
Glen Kettering:  July 22.
Bob Skaggs: July 22. So again, thank you for your participation and support. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes the presentation. You may all now disconnect, and have a good day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen L. Kettering – Vice President Corporate Affairs Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. – President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Stephen P. Smith – Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Randy Hulen – Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets [Natalie Berkhard] – Allstate Jay Dobson – Deutsche Bank Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets [Tom O’Neil – Green Harold] 
Operator:  Welcome to the Q4 2009 NiSource earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. We will conduct a question and answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today, Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President Corporate Affairs.
Glen L. Kettering:  On behalf of NiSource I would like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hulen, Director of Investor Relations. As you know the focus of today’s call is to review our fourth quarter and yearend 2009 financial performance, share key accomplishments by our teams during 2009 and provide you with some insight on the upcoming year. We will then open the call to your questions. At times during the call we will refer to the supplemental slides available on our website at www.NiSource.com. I’d like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this call will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the US federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is included in the managements’ discussion and analysis section of our Form 10Q quarterly report for the third quarter of 2009 which was filed October 30, 2009 with the SEC. Our annual Form 10K will be filed in late January. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. : We have several important matters to address this morning after which we’ll open the call to your questions. In my prepared remarks I’ll be addressing NiSource’s fourth quarter and full year 2009 earnings, a number of highlights and key accomplishments across our businesses during 2009 and finally our earnings outlook for 2010. Let’s start with NiSource’s 2009 financial results which were solidly in line with our full year operating earnings outlook of $1.00 to $1.10 per share. I would add that year-over-year cash flows from operating activities increased by more than $1 billion. In short term borrowings at yearend 2009 were more than $1 billion lower than at yearend 2008. We’ll touch more on our liquidity position in a few moments. Given the unprecedented dislocations in the financial markets and challenging economic environment across our markets by virtually any measure NiSource not only weather the storm during 2009, we emerged as a stronger and more robust company. For 2009 we achieved non-GAAP net operating earnings of approximately $295 million or $1.07 per share. Operating earnings for the year were approximately $880 million. For the fourth quarter our net operating earnings again, Non-GAAP were approximately $99 million or $0.35 per share. I’d submit that our teams’ ability to deliver on our financial commitments in the face of the great recession underscores the resilience of our core regulated businesses and is a testament to the teams’ disciplined execution. In addition to aggressive cost management across all our business units during 2009, we increased net revenues in both our gas distribution and gas transmission and storage businesses. At NiSource gas distribution net revenues excluding regulatory trackers increased about $70 million during 2009 primarily attributable to the team’s extensive array of regulatory initiatives. In our gas transmission and storage unit the team delivered approximately $56 million in increased net revenues excluding regulatory tractors resulting from growth projects, short term transportation and storage services and mineral rights leasing. As expected, these improvements were more than offset by three key items we’ve discussed with you throughout the year: increased pension expense; reduced electric industrial demand; and incremental expense. With respect to pension expense we experienced an increase of $85 million over 2008 levels. This increase is net of the impact of the deferral of about $11 million in pension expense by Columbia Gas of Ohio which we discussed in prior earnings updates. Although we saw a modest uptick in electric industrial demand in the third quarter, for the year electric industrial demand was lower by 17% compared to 2008 levels.  As for interest costs, they increased by about $24 million over 2008 levels primarily resulting from the pre-funding of debt maturities under our liquidity plan. So to wrap up, despite a tough economic climate across our markets, the NiSource team delivered a strong earnings performance in 2009. One, that we’ll build on as we move forward in 2010.  Now, let me turn to our liquidity and refinancing activities. Throughout 2009 we emphasized that maintain adequate liquidity and successfully managing upcoming debt maturities were key priorities. We outlined an aggressive and comprehensive liquidity plan and our business units and our finance team did an outstanding job of executing that plan. Capital expenditure levels were recalibrated, operating expenses and working capital managed aggressively and we successfully completed approximately $2 billion in debt refinancing with a capstone being our $500 million long term debt issuance during the fourth quarter.  As a result of those efforts we’ve now addressed our long term financing needs through 2011 and we entered 2010 with a significantly stronger liquidity profile. As shown on the supplemental slides NiSource closed 2009 with excess liquidity of more than $1 billion and we expect to have excess liquidity of more than $500 million at year end 2010. Plus, you’ll recall that we have a $1.5 billion revolving credit facility that extends to July 2011.  All of these activities were essential elements of NiSource’s commitment to maintaining our investment grade credit rating in a manner that also preserves shareholder value. On that front, we were pleased when in December Moody’s acknowledged the significant progress the team has made over the course of the last few years affirming NiSource’s investment grade credit rating and raising its outlook to stable. A few weeks later Fitch affirmed its rating of BBB- with a stable outlook. We now have stable investment grade ratings for each of the three rating agencies and we’re committing to maintaining and strengthening those ratings over time in a manner that also enhances shareholder value. Now, let me turn to our business update and a look at how the team is delivering our balanced strategy for delivering long term sustainable growth. Our four part strategy continues to center on the expansion and commercial growth of our natural gas pipeline and storage business, regulatory and commercial initiatives of our utilities and the strong financial process and expense management across the corporation. First let me turn to our gas distribution business where we continue to see strong results from our regulatory and infrastructure investment initiatives. During the fourth quarter Bay State Gas company received a favorable rate case order from the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities authorizing an increase in annual base revenues of approximately $19 million or 3.7%. Also approved was a revenue decoupling mechanism, the first of its kind in Massachusetts along with a tracking mechanism to recover costs associated with Bay State’s infrastructure replacement program; truly a breakthrough effort by the Bay State team. Columbia Gas Kentucky also received approval from the Kentucky Public Service Commission of a unanimous rate case settlement during 2009. The settlement provided for overall annual increase in revenues of approximately $6 million or 3.7% while authorizing an increase to the monthly customer charge, the implementation of an accelerated main replacement program tracker and the introduction of a residential energy efficiency program.  Also, Columbia Gas Virginia received approval from the State Corporation Commission for its conservation and rate making efficiency or CARE plan for a three year period through 2012. The CARE plan which came effective last month establishes a decoupled rate mechanism along with customer energy conservation incentives. Late last week Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania filed a base rate increase request with the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission. That filing proposes new home energy efficiency programs and a more progressive rate design along with an increase in base rates of $32 million annually that reflects our ongoing infrastructure replacement program. The case also reflects a tracker program in the event enabling legislation is enacted. New rates in Pennsylvania are expected in the fourth quarter of 2010. Last and certainly not least, as we indicated on prior calls our Northern Indian Utility NIPSCO plans to file a natural gas rate case, the company’s first since 1987 as early as March this year with new rates anticipated in late 2010.  From an earnings standpoint our gas distribution businesses reported 2009 operating earnings of about $329 million slightly above its $328 million in operating earnings for 2008. As I mentioned earlier, net revenues excluding the impact of regulatory and trackers increased about $70 million. Those gains include offsets from decreased customer usage and lower off system revenues.  Operating expenses excluding trackers were up about $69 million for the year reflecting higher employee and administrative costs, depreciation costs and uncollected accounts. The higher employee and administrative costs were primarily due to increase in pension expense of almost $32 million net of the Columbia Gas of Ohio deferral I mentioned earlier.  Throughout 2009 our gas distribution teams continued to build on their excellent track record of execution. This ongoing progress is a testament to our commitment to building creative and collaborative regulatory solutions that benefit customers and ensure a safe and reliable distribution system. Turning to our gas transmission and storage business, the team is continuing to make significant progress in maximizing the value of our strategically positioned pipeline and storage assets with a particular focus on advancing projects that support the unprecedented supply growth taking place in the Marcellus Shale play in Appalachian. The NGT&S team is working closely with key natural gas producers, processors and other industry players to develop the infrastructure needed to bring Marcellus supplies to market. By the close of the year NGT&S was advancing more than $155 million of projects in the Marcellus Shale region with the potential to provide an additional 700,000 dekatherms per day of market access. As we move forward in 2010 we’ll be announcing additional expansion projects in the Marcellus area. One of our key Marcellus projects in 2009 was the Appalachian expansion project which was placed in to service in the second half of the year. The project leveraged our existing infrastructure to provide about 100,000 dekatherms per day of new transportation service to three key Appalachian producers.  Another important Marcellus launched by the NGT&S team in 2009 is the Majorsville project that’s located in the southwestern Pennsylvania West Virginia region, a Marcellus sweet spot. Over the next several years this project will be providing gathering, processing and transmission services to several leading Marcellus producers anchoring the project. NGT&S is partnering with MarkWest Energy Partners which is making significant investments to provide midstream services for those Marcellus producers.  Yet another 2009 highlight was the Ohio storage expansion project which increased market area storage capacity by almost $7 billion cubic feet. Notably NGT&S received FERC authorization for market based rates for the project, the first time we’ve received such approval for our traditionally cost base storage operations. With our strategy NGT&S footprint, our system capabilities and our disciplined investment strategy NiSource is capitalizing on the unprecedented producer investment in the Marcellus region as well as additional new storage and transportation business opportunities across our system. From an earnings standpoint, gas transmission and storage reported operating earnings of $408.8 million in 2009 compared to $376.7 million in 2008. The increase resulted primarily from the $56 million in increased net revenues I mentioned earlier. Those revenues were primarily attributable to increases in firm capacity reservation fees from growth projects and new Appalachian supply contracts as well as increases in shorter term transportation and storage services and mineral rights leasing revenues. Equity earnings were up $3.7 million attributable to increased earnings from the Millennium Pipeline. Those increased earnings more than offset an $8.1 million reduction in equity earnings resulting from interest rate hedges related to Millennium’s decision to delay permanent financing until 2010. Operating expenses increased by about $28 million excluding trackers due to higher capacity lease costs, employee and administrative costs, maintenance costs and environmental expenses. In addition, 2008 operating expenses were favorably impacted by the reduction of legal reserves.  Now, let’s turn to our electric operations. As I noted earlier our Northern Indian electric market has been under continuing pressure from the economic down turn. In facing those challenges NIPSCO has nevertheless continued to make steady progress on its aggressive regulatory and business agenda. Notably, our operational efforts have been gaining traction. In particular I’d note that NIPSCO’s electric generation reliability metrics improved significantly during 2009 and for the year were above industry average levels. Regulatory wise, as you know throughout 2009 our NIPSCO teams continued to advance the company’s 2008 electric rate case. Parties to the case completed the briefing process last month and the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission or IURC is expected to issue a order in the case during the first half of this year. As previously announced NIPSCO intends to file a subsequent electric base case during 2010. The filing will reflect the effect of increased pension expense as well as demand levels based on more recent market conditions. New rates from this case are expected to be effective in 2011. From an earnings standpoint, electric operations reported operating earnings of about $162 million for 2009 compared to about $220 million in 2008. Lower net revenues and higher operating expenses both contributed to the lower operating earnings. Excluding regulatory trackers, net revenues as mentioned previously decreased by $17 million primarily as a result of lower industrial usage, off system sales, emission allowance sales and Sugar Creek revenues. These revenue decreases were partially offset by lower non-recoverable purchase power costs. Operating expenses increased by $40.7 million excluding trackers due primarily to higher pension expense of $42.6 million. Although 2009 was a challenging year for NIPSCO, as we look forward to 2010 and beyond I’m convinced that we have a solid regulatory and business plan to restore NIPSCO’s earnings space and position it for sustainable long term growth. Executing on that plan is a key priority for NiSource this year. Interest expense as I noted earlier increased by about $24 million primarily due to the issuance of $700 million of long term debt in May of 2008, $600 million of long term debt in March 2009 and the $385 million two year term loan issued in April of 2009. Those increases were partially offset by $100 million open market debt repurchase in January, our $250 million tender offer debt repurchase in April and by lower short term interest rates.  Our effective tax rate was 38.6% compared to 35.8% for the same period in 2008. The 2009 tax rate is higher due to deferred income tax adjustments related primarily to state income tax apportionment changes and an increase in tax expense related to AFUDC equity. On a GAAP basis NiSource reported income from continuing operations for 2009 of $231.2 million or $0.84 per share compared with $370.6 million or $1.35 per share in 2008. Operating income was $801.9 million for 2009 versus $918.7 million in the year ago period. Schedules one and two to our earnings release list items included in GAAP income continuing operations but excluded from net operating earnings for NiSource in each of the segments reported today. As you’ll see weather adjustments and restructuring costs at our NGT&S operations are the primary reconciling items.  Turning to our 2010 earnings outlook, as noted in this morning’s press release we expect to deliver sustainable earnings growth of 3% to 5% on a long term basis driven by our core strategy of synchronizing ongoing infrastructure investments with appropriate regulatory and commercial activities. If you refer to the key market slide included in our supplemental materials, you’ll see the key points of execution for our company’s over the course of 2010. In general, we’ll be focusing on three areas: first, advancing growth projects in our gas transmission and storage business; second, executing on our infrastructure replacement programs and related regulatory initiatives at our gas distribution unit; and third, completing the NIPSCO repositioning process. In terms of financial performance for 2010 we’re projecting non-GAAP net operating earnings to be within a range of $1.10 to $1.20 per share. Some of the key drivers for our outlook are reflected in the first slide in the supplemental materials. Among other things, you’ll note that the outlook assumes a gradual and modest pace of economic recovery across the markets we serve building on the trend we experienced during the latter half of 2009. I’d also note that thanks to the successful execution of our liquidity plan during 2009 and our deep inventory of revenue producing investment opportunities we’re increasing our capital expenditure level to $900 million in 2010. That’s about $100 million increase over the 2009 level but below the $1.3 billion plus level of 2008 which you’ll recall included our $330 million purchase of the Sugar Creek gas fire generating plant in Indiana.  We’re certainly pleased that we’re in a position to begin increasing our capital investment program this year. However, as I’ve mentioned in the past I believe that the optimal cap ex level for NiSource is about $1 billion annually given the array of attractive investments available to our business. To achieve that investment level on a sustainable basis as well as maintain our dividend and our commitment to our investment grade credit rating will require continued execution of our business plan and ongoing strengthening of our balance sheet. To wrap up, NiSource’s overall business and financial performance remains squarely in line with our business plan and although we have much more to accomplish our teams continue to demonstrate their commitment and ability to execute on that plan. The landscape we face today is much more stable and less treacherous than the one we encountered a year ago. That said, 2010 will undoubtedly present it shares of challenges.  As we confront those challenges and continue the work of building and growing NiSource, I’m convinced that we do so as a stronger company, one with a business plan that is compelling, balanced and tested. As always, we remain committed to communicating with our investors in a transparent and timely manner regarding these and all of our efforts. Ongoing updates will be provided through our analyst calls and news releases posted on our www.NiSource.com. Thank you for participating today and for your continued interest in support of NiSource. At this point I’d like to open the call to questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: You talked about $1 billion optimal cap ex, where do you see the trajectory as to when you could get there again?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. : Well, Paul we’re going to be measured. Certainly we believe we have a pipeline of promising opportunities at all of the business units. But, to begin stepping towards a billion we’re going to have to do it on a measured base. We’re going to make sure that the investments are worthy investments to meet the test of being accretive ,they’re going to have to meet the test of being treated favorably in the regulatory environment and we’re going to have to balance sheet to support those sorts of investments. So again, we’re going to do it on a measure basis, we’re going to do it mindful of our commitment to the dividend, mindful to our commitment of investment grade and mindful that we want to ensure that we create shareholder value so it’s going to be on a measured basis.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: In your 3% to 5% EPS growth seems like a bit of deviation to prior language of look to flattish for the next few years. Is that 3% to 5% going to be lumpy at all or can we just kind of think more or less smooth 3% to 5%.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. : The goal is smooth 3% to 5% and again, we believe what we put in place at the regulatory and commercial pillars to support that. 
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: Then what’s your outlook for when in ’11 you could possibly get new Indiana electric rates?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. : Assuming we file the electric rate case midyear 2010 we certainly believe the case is going to take 12 months, could possibly take 18 months. Hopefully it’s going to go at a faster clip than the current case but, I would say 12 to 18 months is when we expect an outcome.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: Then on your GAAP reconciliation there’s some reference to non-regulated marketing, can you just give some background as to what that is?
Stephen P. Smith : That is the dollars associated with our unregulated marketing subsidiary that we’re moving out of.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Capital Markets: So it’s kind of discontinued ops?
Stephen P. Smith : Yes, more or less.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Natalie Berkhard] – Allstate.
[Natalie Berkhard] – Allstate: I just had a couple of questions, one is have you begun negotiations with the banks to extend out the revolver yet?
Stephen P. Smith : We are very happy with our revolver, as you know it doesn’t expire until July of 2011. So, we haven’t officially started talking to the banks that are in that facility but we are mindful of any opportunities that might present themselves between now and then to work with them and perhaps extending that prior to the actual expiration date.
[Natalie Berkhard] – Allstate: But do you feel like there shouldn’t be too many issues to be able to keep the facility at the size you have it at right now?
Stephen P. Smith : Well, I think as the market moves forward month-after-month we’ve seen the credit market get stronger and it appears as though rolling over working capital facility shouldn’t be too challenging. The question as to do you need the full $1.5 billion or not and we’re in the process of working through the analysis there to make sure that the facility is the right size for our needs going forward. 
[Natalie Berkhard] – Allstate: Then on the balance sheet you have the current maturities of let’s call them $700 for the November notes and then with the December issuance, I just want to make sure that this is right, that because the revolver is down close to $1 billion from last year that you basically used the December proceeds to keep the balance low on the revolver.
Stephen P. Smith : That’s exactly right Natalie. We basically took all the spare liquidity we had generated through the balance of 2009 and paid down the revolver. You’ll see in the 2009 balance sheet we were only carrying a borrowing position around $100 million so we paid off a significant amount of what was outstanding on that revolver. 
[Natalie Berkhard] – Allstate: That cash typically comes back in second quarter?
Stephen P. Smith : Yes, I mean it flows in over the course of the year. Our biggest quarters from an earning respective are the first quarter and the fourth quarter so we’ll start to see dollars flow in as a result of people burning gas in the winter and getting billed and paying those bills here in the first and second quarter.
[Natalie Berkhard] – Allstate: Just last question, if you can kind of just comment on industrial in the fourth quarter and then what trends you saw just again just kind of maybe put this in to perspective which is looking at what happened in Florida and the rate case there. There’s the concern there that for them clearly the issues with the rate cases down in Florida were based on a challenging economy down there and we know that Northern Indiana is not quite doing well. So if you can kind of just talk about the trends in industrial and then how you see that potentially changing or if anything has changed at all that could negatively impact the rate case as we’re still waiting on that?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. : On the industrial side we have just seen a very, very modest uptick during the fourth quarter particularly in northwest Indiana and speaking to the steel and steel related lows, just very marginal improvement fourth quarter over third quarter. As I mentioned, the outlook assumes just very, very modest recovery. We just don’t see a lot yet Natalie. Some of the key indicators in the Steel industry would suggest improvement but again, we haven’t seen that. A couple of the indicators I would cite were lower inventories, some firming of pricing, that sort of thing but again we just haven’t seen it translate in to a significant upward moving in demand? How that might impact the regulatory process, at this point the record is closed on the first case in Indiana. We know that the Commission will deliberate very carefully and do their diligence on the record but we believe that the commission will proceed based on the record that we presented to them. I would observe from a far, and this is very much from afar that the process in Florida has been politicized to a great extent. Again, we believe that the Indiana Commission is balanced, measured and they’ll make a reasonable decision based on the record. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jay Dobson – Deutsche Bank.
Jay Dobson – Deutsche Bank: A quick question or a couple actually, first on the NGT&S business, Bob in your comments you were I think ending the year something like $155 million or so of cap ex going in to ’10 and then you mentioned additional projects. Should we interpret that as some upward bias to the $300 you’re showing as cap ex for the NGT&S business on slide seven?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. : Number one, the $155 million I mentioned were Marcellus related projects that are in process so some of those dollars were being spent last year, some of those dollars continue on and clearly the intent was to show you we are very active in the Marcellus region and we expect to be. Again, I mentioned that we will be announcing additional Marcellus projects as the year unfolds. At the moment we see the $300 as being good for 2010 clearly though it’s a competitive business, projects do surface, opportunities do arise that could move that number up but it’s very situational and again we’ll be disciplined and thoughtful when we look at those opportunities.
Jay Dobson – Deutsche Bank: So I completely understand those additional projects that you’re talking about some of them have a place holder in there so we shouldn’t assume you announce a new project that necessarily the $300 goes up, there may be some place holders in that is situational around what the exact dollars may be?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. : That’s accurate.
Jay Dobson – Deutsche Bank: As you’re thinking about all those projects I know on the last call you mentioned I think you used the term the MLP was off the table temporarily as a result of valuations. We’ve seen those valuations snap back, as you look at the Marcellus and the opportunities up there for the NGT&S business your current thinking on MLP?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. : We clearly are observing the recovery of that market. Clearly, we’ve noted what Williams has done so we continue to look at that as a potential tool. It might augment, supplement, enhance some of the things that we’re doing. We haven’t made a decision to go in that direction yet, we will continue to watch it very carefully and ensure that we do the right thing.
Jay Dobson – Deutsche Bank: How would you have us think about that opportunity? Is that driven by increasing opportunities in Marcellus or NGT&S that we would start to see $300 go up further that would drive your decision on the MLP or is it simply just the economics of the market around MLPs and the like?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. : I think it’s a broad set of considerations. I think frankly though the last point you mentioned is probably one of the key points but there are many, many other points. Again, I’ve talked about our commitment to enhance shareholder value but also the commitment to improve the balance sheet. Clearly MLPs impact those commitment differently and there is certainly also an element of governments that’s involved so a broad array of considerations. I think probably the last one you mentioned, cost of capital, ease of financing, those are points that weigh heavily.
Jay Dobson – Deutsche Bank: Two other questions, first on your slide three the walk across ’09 to 2010 you have a -$0.05 other, I didn’t know if there was some granularity in there. I’m sure there are a bunch of nits and nats but if you can give us any visibility in to that figure?
Stephen P. Smith : The bulk of that $0.05, $0.03 to $0.04 is pension expense. 
Jay Dobson – Deutsche Bank: Then Steven while I’ve got you, I noticed the tax rate ticked up in the fourth quarter and sort of ended up pushing the full year to almost 38.5%. Where would you have that be for 2010?
Stephen P. Smith : I would say a bit lower than 38%. 
Jay Dobson – Deutsche Bank: Approaching on the 36% you had last year?
Stephen P. Smith : Yes I would say that’s a good estimate.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Actually, most of my questions hit, maybe just a couple of clarifications if I could on the 2010 guidance and understanding you really can’t say much with respect to the NIPSCO but just to be clear is there an assumption of this NIPSCO rate case baked in the regulatory initiatives in to the 2010 guidance or are we treating that as a separate item to be addressed once it is resolved?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. : We’ve attempted to reflect that in the guidance. We’ve consistently said that the outcome we’re modeling is middle of the road so nominal impact on 2010 but it’s not separate and apart from the guidance we’re giving you.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Then second on that walk across to 2010 the other question and you may have already mentioned this while I was taking down notes, the -$0.10 from what looks like depreciation and other taxes what is specifically driving that, is that coming from cap ex?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. : That’s exactly what it is, it just reflects the increase cap ex spend that we’ve been incurring.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Tom O’Neil – Green Harold].
[Tom O’Neil – Green Harold]: Just a couple of questions on 2010 just in terms of what is assumed, is it possible just to lay out what industrial sales level you’re assuming and then what NGT&S optimization you’re assuming versus the $56 million in 2009?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. : I won’t go in to detail Tom at this point but let me just reiterate that the industrial load just reflects a very, very modest recovery or improvement year-over-year. When I say modest I mean modest. The other part of the question was?
[Tom O’Neil – Green Harold]: NGT&S versus 2009?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. : It reflects a solid year, not as strong as last year but certainly a solid year.
[Tom O’Neil – Green Harold]: More in line with history prior to this year?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. : A bit closer.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen this concludes all the time we have for questions today. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Bob Skaggs for closing remarks.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. : Again, we want to thank everybody for your participation in this morning’s call, your interest in NiSource and your support of our company. We appreciate it. Have a good day.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen this concludes the presentation for today’s conference. You may disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Kettering – SVP, Corporate Affairs Bob Skaggs – President and CEO Steve Smith – EVP and CFO
Analysts: Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank Carrie Saint Louis – Fidelity Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Ashar Khan – Incremental Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the third quarter 2009 NiSource earnings conference call. My name is Kershaw and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs, please proceed sir.
Glen Kettering: Thank you, Kershaw, and good morning to everyone. On behalf of NiSource I would like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. We appreciate the opportunity to be with you today and thank you for taking the time to join us. Joining us this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hullen, Director of Investor Relations. As you know, the focus of today’s call is to review our third quarter 2009 earnings results and provide a general business update. During the course of the call we will be referring to certain supplemental materials, which are available to those accessing our call via webcast, which have been posted on www.nisource.com. Following Bob’s prepared remarks we will open the call to your questions. I'd remind you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the U.S. Federal Securities Laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is included in the management's discussion and analysis and risk factors section of our periodic SEC filings. And now I’d like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Bob Skaggs: Thanks, Glen. Good morning and thanks for joining us. As you know we have several important matters to address this morning. First, we’ll report on NiSource’s third quarter’s earnings results. Next we’ll update you on the impacts of the continuing economic downturn on our business and the steps we’re taking to mitigate them. I’ll also briefly update you on our liquidity position, which I’ll preview now by telling you it has again improved. And finally we’ll discuss our business segment results and what I think you will agree is continued tangible progress on our balance plan to grow the company and enhance shareholder value. Let’s begin with a look at our third quarter results. As we noted in our news release this morning, our team’s execution of our business and liquidity plans has been nothing short of exceptional. Despite continued economic challenges particularly in Northwest Indiana our underlying business performance has been strong, our liquidity position is solid, and we're producing concrete results from our long-term growth strategy. For the third quarter, NiSource delivered net operating earnings on a non-GAAP basis of $18.8 million or $0.07 per share that was an increase from $7.7 million or $0.03 per share for the third quarter of 2008. Operating earnings again on a non-GAAP basis were $134.3 million compared to $111.8 million for the same period in 2008. As noted in our release NiSource is delivering solid financial performance in spite of some tough economic conditions. This is particularly true in our Northern Indiana markets where third quarter electrical industrial demand continue to lag prior levels by almost 20%. In that regard, our ability to continue delivering on our financial commitments in this challenging environment underscores the resilience of our core regulated businesses and the ability of our team's to execute on their business plans. Our team's ongoing business initiative as well as our aggressive cost management efforts help NiSource mitigate significant portion of the impacts the economic recession. To that very point our results included about $42 million in additional net revenues excluding regulatory trackers, there are Gas Distribution business, primarily due to regulatory initiatives. And about $19 million of increased revenues again excluding regulatory trackers from our gas transmission and storage business primarily from growth projects, optimization and mineral rights leasing. We also saw positive effects from our open market debt repurchases earlier this year as well as from lower short-term interest rates. Those earnings improvements were partially offset by two key factors when we discussed on prior earnings calls. First, pension expense and second, incremental interest expense related to the prefunding of long-term debt maturities under our liquidity plan. With respect to pension expense during the third quarter we saw an increase of about $13 million compared to third quarter of last year. This increase is net of the impact from the deferral of about $8 million in pension expense by Columbia Gas of Ohio that we discussed during our second quarter earnings update. Year-to-date pension expense has been about $62 million above the comparable period last year. Although we are certainly are encouraged by our solid third quarter performance, challenges still lie ahead. Our team's are continuing to closely monitor and assess economic conditions across the markets we serve. We will continue to make appropriate balance adjustments to our near-term business plans as we manage through these turbulent times. Let me turn now to our 2009 earnings guidance. You’ll see in today’s release that our 2009 earnings outlook remains consistent with our previously announced net operating earnings guidance of the $1 per share to $1.10 per share on a non-GAAP basis. As we indicated during prior updates NiSource’s original outlook assumed moderate level of economic recovery during the second half of 2009. Although there have been some encouraging signs that the downturn has bottomed, we have yet to see material rebound in volumes and margins. We continue to believe that the recovery in our markets will be gradual. Moving to liquidity, as I mentioned earlier, NiSource’s position has become increasingly stronger. In addition to our previously announced progress on the execution of our 2009 financing and liquidity plan, I'm pleased to report that NiSource has put in place strategy that fully addresses the company’s debt refinancing requirements through 2010. Our liquidity position will be significantly strengthened for the year as a result of the change in tax methodology regarding certain electric and gas utility repair costs. The change provides significant additional liquidity in the form of income tax refunds of about $295 million relating to the taxes paid in prior years. In light of the change in tax methodology we now estimate that our remaining financing requirements through 2010 can be met through the issuance of about $120 million in debt related to the Sugar Creek generating facility at NIPSCO. That financing requests is pending before the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission. In addition, as stated in our release we retain the option of conducting additional financing at corporate level. Prevailing market conditions will determine the ultimate timing and structure of any financing activities which we expect to take place in the fourth quarter of this year. I would also note that is shown on the supplemental slides our cash position has continued to improve and we expect to have more than a billion dollars of excess liquidity at year's end. Finally, I would note that NiSource successfully negotiated new accounts receivables securitization facilities for Columbia Gas of Ohio and NIPSCO. And we expect to add a similar facility for Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania, pending regulatory approval prior to the end of the year. Total capacity of these facilities is about $550 million with opportunities for annual renewal and capacity increases as required. Let me turn now to our quarterly business update and look at NiSource’s balance strategy for delivering long-term sustainable growth and shareholder value. We remind our strategy is centered on expansion in commercial growth in our natural gas pipeline and storage business, regulatory and commercial initiatives that are utilities and strong financial process and expense management across the corporation. Let me first touch on gas transmission and storage, where our team is making timely and smart growth investments to maximize the value, our strategic pipeline and storage network. In particular, the team has focused on NiSource’s extensive footprint in the Marcellus Shale production area in Appalachian. Estimates are that there are more than 200 trillion cubic feet of recoverable gas reserve in the Appalachian basin, with Marcellus accounting for the bulk of that potential supply. Helping efficiently get those new supplies to market over the coming years, key goal of our NGT&S team and they are working with a variety of natural gas producers, processors, and another industry players to identify and deploy projects that fit the bill. Currently, we are actively engaged in projects representing more than $155 million in investment in the Marcellus region. With the potential to bring about 700,000 dekatherms per day of new natural gas supplies to market. From transportation services on one Marcellus related project began during the third quarter with additional services slated to begin in 2010 and beyond. Those projects include our recently announced Majorsville, West Virginia, Pennsylvania natural gas gathering and processing project, a joint venture with MarkWest Energy Partners. As you can tell we are excited about these another growth investments and are convinced that they will pay long-term dividends for our customers, business partners, and shareholders. From a third quarter earnings standpoint, NiSource’s transmission storage operations reported operating earnings of about $100 million versus operating earnings of about $80 million in the third quarter of 2008. As I mentioned earlier, the increase resulted primarily from higher net revenues of nearly $19 million excluding regulatory trackers that was attributable to growth projects such as Eastern market expansion and the Ohio storage project as well as for new Appalachian transportation contracts. Increased short-term transportation and storage services and mineral rights leasing revenues also contributed to the improved results for the quarter. Equity earnings were up $2.4 million, thanks to increased earnings from the Millennium pipeline. Operating earnings increased $1.5 million, again excluding trackers, due primarily to higher capacity lease cost and maintenance cost, partially offset by lower legal reserves. Let’s shift now to our Gas Distribution business, where we continue to see strong results from our ongoing efforts to improve rate design and synchronize infrastructure programs with regulatory initiatives. For example, earlier this week, Columbia Gas Kentucky received approval for unanimous rate case settlement to provide $6 million in added annual revenues and a 30% increase in our monthly customer charge. The settlement also provides for an accelerated main replacement program rider and a residential energy efficiency program. Also this week Columbia Gas Virginia filed a stipulated agreement with Virginia State Corporation Commission regarding its conservation and rate making efficiency what we call the CARE Plan. The CARE Plan combines decoupling mechanism with customer conservation incentives. We expect Commission action on the proposal by the end of this year with the plan expected to be in effect from 2010 through 2012. And finally, I will note that within the next few days or so Bay State Gas Company will receive a ruling on its base rate case from the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities. Bay State is seeking new increase annual revenues by $34.2 million or 6.4%. The Bay State request addresses capital cost for system upgrades and maintenance as well as cost increase since the company’s last base rate adjustment in 2005. Among other things the filing proposes an infrastructure investment tracker and enhancements to the company’s rate design. Hearings in that case wrapped up in late July and new rate is scheduled to take effect November 1. With each successful initiative, our Gas Distribution company strengthened NiSource's reputation for addressing complex issues related to energy conservation, progressive rate design and timely recovery of ongoing infrastructure investments and a collaborative and constructive fashion. From an earnings standpoint Gas Distribution operations reported a third quarter operating earnings loss of $30 million versus a loss of nearly $58 million for the same period in 2008. As noted earlier, net revenues excluding the impact of trackers were up $42 million, primarily due to regulatory and service programs including rate cases that are utilities. Operating expenses excluding trackers were more than $14 million higher than the comparable period, reflecting an increase in depreciation cost, and employee and administrative cost which includes higher pension expense. Now last, but certainly not least, let's turn to our Electric Operations business. As I noted earlier, our Northern Indiana market has been under tremendous pressure from the economic downturn. Despite this challenge NIPSCO continue to make progress on advancing its regulatory and operating agenda including the electric base rate case. Final round of evidentiary hearings was conducted on the NIPSCO case this summer. And the parties are now engaged in the briefing process. That process is scheduled to extend into the first quarter of next year. We expect the case to be resolved with new electric rates effective during the first half of 2010. As we previously discussed NIPSCO anticipates filing another electric base rate case during 2010. Among other things their filing is expected to address the effect of increased pension expense as well as demand levels based on a more recent operating experience. New rates from this case are expected to be effective in 2011. NIPSCO also is developing plans for a gas rate case, which would be the company’s first since 1987. That filing is expected in 2010 with new rate effective in late 2010 or early 2011. While pursuing this comprehensive regulatory agenda, NIPSCO management team also has taken steps to aggressively manage costs to help mitigate the impacts of the economic downturn. Clearly, much work remains ahead of us in Indiana. However, the team has made great strides in addressing a wide variety of operating and regulatory challenges and we're seeing tangible progress from their efforts to manage the superior economic impacts caused by the recession, while continuing to advance NIPSCO regulatory and operational agenda in a constructive manner. From an earnings standpoint, Electric Operations reported operating earnings of about $70 million in the quarter compared to about $82 million in the third quarter of 2008. Net revenues excluding regulatory trackers were essentially flat. Lower industrial usage and lower Sugar Creek revenues from capacity sales into the PJM Interconnection were offset by lower non-recoverable purchase power costs. Operating expenses in Electric Operations increased by $12.7 million excluding trackers due primarily to higher pension expense of $10.7 million. Shifting now to other key considerations. Interest expense I noted earlier increased by $10.2 million, primarily due to the issuance of $600 million of long-term debt in March and the $385 million two-year term loan issued in April. Those issuances were part of our proactive liquidity plan and we're partially offset by $100 million open market debt repurchase in January, our $250 million tender offer debt repurchase in April and by lower short-term interest rates. The effective tax rate of net operating earnings for the quarter was 40.9%, compared to 30% in the third quarter of 2008. Last year’s effective tax was lower due to the impact of a state income tax adjustment. On a GAAP basis, NiSource reported a net loss from continuing operations for the third quarter of $9.7 million or $0.03 per share, compared with income of $31.1 million or a $0.011 per share in the same period, a year ago. Operating income was $99.6 million for the quarter, compared to operating income of $105.6 million in the year ago period. Schedule one in our earnings release list items included in GAAP income from continuing operations, but excluded from net operating earnings. To wrap up, NiSource’s overall financial performance remains consistent with our business plan and as mentioned earlier inline with our outlook of net operating earnings in the range of $1 to $1.10 per share for 2009. Although we have much more to accomplish in a very challenging environment in which to operate, the team has continued to make impressive progress and delivering on our aggressive game plan. We have worked hard to dampen the effects of the severe economic downturn while improving our solid liquidity position. We also have continued to advance our agenda of infrastructure programs, rate proceedings and pipeline and storage growth opportunities. Prior to opening the call to questions, I would like to briefly touch on several of NiSource's core commitments that I know remain a priority for our stakeholders. First is, I have during prior calls I want to reiterate NiSource’s ongoing commitment to its investment grade credit ratings. We continue to view the maintenance of solid investment grade credit, as mission critical to a regulated capital intensive business such as ours. Our ongoing and open dialogue with credit rating agencies will continue this quarter as we conduct our annual deep dive reviews with each of the agencies. We look forward to those important discussions. Likewise we recognize the significance of our dividend and the key role it plays in the NiSource investment proposition. Again, we remain committed to the current dividend and we don’t have plans for any large scale equity issuances at this time. Finally, we remain committed to communicating with our investors in a transparent and timely manner regarding these and all of our efforts. Ongoing updates will be provided through our analysts calls, news releases posted on www.nisource.com. Thanks again for participating today and thanks for your continued interest in and support of NiSource. With that, Kershaw, we’d like to open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Bob Skaggs: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Good morning, guys.
Steve Smith: Hi, how are you?
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Good. Thank you. Thanks for taking my question. I noticed on your schedule that you showed for the regulatory timeline that the first or the current NiSource NIPSCO rate case is you're now thinking for the late second quarter resolution that used to be, sort of a middle of first quarter. Is that just having a better sense of the schedule or what exactly changed?
Steve Smith: That’s correct. The creeping process finishes or was completed mid-January 2010 and Jonathan, we really begin counting 90 days from that date. And that would probably be the minimum time that commission would need to complete its deliberations. So I count 90 days out from that date and then you could begin adding from that point.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: And now that you're into briefing, is it reasonable to assume that settlement is will be tougher at this point of the schedule or is it still something that (inaudible)?
Steve Smith: That's the correct assumption. Challenging we'll never say never. We have ongoing conversations not emphasized conversations supposed to negotiations with our stakeholders, but I do believe that it’s more likely in north we'll go through litigated commission decision on this case.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then if I could just ask a some more strategy question. You obviously laid out this plan in the beginning of the year to address some of the upcoming mature season and had great success with that. As you look forward now and some of the things you had looked out in the past like the MOP, for example, and I think what should we be looking at this kind of the next significant strategic move on the part of the company as you can now begin to you go visibility on addressing this liquidity issues that were pressing?
Bob Skaggs: I appreciate your comments and your forward look at this point but we are at the moment still focused on the relative near-term. We believe that we have to continue our work on fixing NIPSCO, improving clarity in and around NIPSCO. So our near-term priority is fix NIPSCO, continue to address our pension expense challenge and advance our key business initiatives. So that’s really the process and that’s probably where our thinking is. Let’s continue to strengthen the business, continue to reduce the business risk and position ourselves to address the longer-term considerations, but we still have near-term work in front of us.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Should we see that the MOP transaction is, on how though off the table?
Bob Skaggs: I'd say at the moment it’s off the table, but certainly we're taking note that the MOP market has improved rather dramatically over the past six months or so. So, we're very mindful of what’s going on in the market, we try to take a broad view, but at the same time we have some near-term priorities, we just need to address.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much, Bob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carrie Saint Louis with Fidelity. Please proceed.
Carrie Saint Louis – Fidelity: Hi, good morning.
Bob Skaggs: Hey, good morning, Carrie. How are you?
Steve Smith: Good morning, Carrie.
Carrie Saint Louis – Fidelity: I am good. I have a number of questions. First I wanted to start with (inaudible) about the sources and uses. And I just wanted to maybe go over some of the improvements that you have seen from the February call to October, because like the working capital is now up, say, 100. So I know a lot of that was related to lower gas prices, but is that number also includes the recent tax settlement or what else is in there?
Bob Skaggs: Let’s ask Steve to address that.
Steve Smith: Okay, thanks, Bob. Carrie, the tax benefit, the $295 million tax benefit that we received is reflected in FFO. So that would be in the $1.2 billion green box. That’s where the tax benefit comes from. The financing, the blue box, the 1.105 billion we’ve effectively taken a liberty of assuming that we would issue the $120 million of additional financing related to Sugar Creek in the fourth quarter, so that ups the amount of financing by $120 million.
Carrie Saint Louis – Fidelity: Okay, that got regulatory approval?
Steve Smith: That has not gotten regulatory approval yet. We’re anticipating that we will receive that and we've asked for the flexibility to issue both external debt or internal debt or secured debt or non-secured debt. So we hope that will have a fairly broad-based regulatory financing order when that is approved.
Carrie Saint Louis – Fidelity: Okay, great.
Steve Smith: And then the $800 million of working capital benefit, you're correct; it's largely driven by the lower gas prices. That we've experienced through the balance of 2009. So that continues to help us going forward. And then the last little bucks there the drip we've talked about the drop quite a bit at our last earnings calls we anticipated somewhere between $15 million to $20 million of that. Now based on sharp of pencil we think we're going to be closer to the $28 million for the year. So those items basically have provided us with pretty good, strong liquidity position for 2009.
Carrie Saint Louis – Fidelity: Right. Can I just ask on that tax refund? Is there any amount that’s kind of leg up all over into 2010 or is that 295 a comprehensive amount?
Steve Smith: That 295, Carrie, is a comprehensive amount and it represents historic look back on expenditures that were capitalized for tax purposes that were expense for tax purposes on a 20008 return. So that 295 represents cash refund from the IRS and we received $260 million plus already and anticipates the balance of $30 million or so to flow largely in the fourth quarter of this year.
Carrie Saint Louis – Fidelity: Okay, great. I'm just kind of thinking up to 2010. Obviously, I dare the FFO will not have the tax benefit item in there?
Steve Smith: That’s correct.
Carrie Saint Louis – Fidelity: So if I were to take the 1.2 and take out that roughly $300 million that get like a $900 million, is that a fair maybe with some growth but is that a fair and reasonable assumption for next year?
Steve Smith: Well, we've said before that the FFO for us is in the billion dollar range. Give or take $50 million to there. It’s a very hard number (inaudible) going to appreciate or predicting exactly. Yes, it’s in the billion dollar range.
Carrie Saint Louis – Fidelity: Okay, and then the CapEx this year, 800 kind of looking out next year?
Bob Skaggs: It will be in that neighborhood, it may frankly be a bit north of that. But I would characterize it as a bid as opposed to a lot.
Carrie Saint Louis – Fidelity: Yes, bit being like what, 10%?
Bob Skaggs: We don’t get out of ahead of me, but yes reasonable bump, but not huge, and we're literally just deliberating on the 2010 number, Carrie, so, hopefully going to appreciate that we're deciding that real time.
Carrie Saint Louis – Fidelity: Did you mention so the whole update for moving forward to 2010 as that can be expected on your four quarter call?
Bob Skaggs: That's correct, Carrie.
Carrie Saint Louis – Fidelity: Okay, and then I am not turning yet, Hawney [ph] is also lower so I was wondering why that is, is that expected to now carry over to '10 or is it just a change in how much you had to pay for Hawney?
Bob Skaggs: It is more the latter that some of this will continue into 2010, we've already paid a significant chunk in, but we're not looking at a big number in 2010, but we may have additional cash to go in 2010, but not big.
Carrie Saint Louis – Fidelity: Okay. And then any comment on the economy at NIPSCO and just any kind of thoughts about what now you're looking at for 2010 and any more color you could add there?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we believe it has bottomed in Northwest Indiana, we are seeing some modest indication of recovery but I'd emphasize modest and as we look at 2010, our plan will be built on modest as opposed to a robust jump in industrial activity in Northwest Indiana. I'm sure you've been reading, as we’ve been reading press releases by metal and US Steel, they have been very cautious about the outlook and we would echo that caution at the moment.
Carrie Saint Louis – Fidelity: Great.
Steve Smith: Thank you, Carrie, see you.
Carrie Saint Louis – Fidelity: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst - BMO Capital. Please proceed.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Hey, good morning, everybody. How are you doing?
Steve Smith: Good and you?
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Good. Just actually a couple of clarifications at least one from Carrie's question, with respect to the tax infusion the 295, Steve mentioned 260 was already received, I'm just trying to clarifying was that received in October or is that actually part of the Q3 cash flow statement?
Steve Smith: That was received in October, but we had accounts receivable for the 295 on the balance sheet so you will see that, it reflected in the third quarter balance sheet.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Okay, I appreciate the clarification there. Bob, maybe looking at the second NIPSCO rate case and understanding that the timing hasn’t been necessarily settled on when you would file, but 2010 obviously you can kind of pick and choose your points there. Since this first rate case is so complex and has to settle so many issues, is there actually any benefit to filing before that is settled, would you actually legitimately have a chance of at least for instance file that in January of getting a decision sooner than if you would be filing it in June?
Bob Skaggs: Great question, and that’s the sort of calculus that we're working through as we speak. That is exactly the read that we're trying to make and we'll continue to make as case one is closer to decision. So, we're making those sort of political regulatory reads real time in the first part of 2010. It’s just not a black and white consideration.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: No, that’s fine, I just didn’t know if you had any additional color, but I mean I can understand you can appreciate the situation. This may also be a difficult one to answer to, but is there any more color with respect to sense of magnitude you could share yet with respect to the pension in the demand side issue, we've seen that the second rate case could be as big if not bigger than the first and I didn’t know if my calculus was different than yours?
Bob Skaggs: No, I think directionally you're correct, it's going to be a significant case, and we do have to look at the size of the increase in pension expense. The predominant share of the increase for NiSource occurred at NIPSCO. And you have seen what the volume reduction deterioration has been on the industrial side of the house, down 20% give or take. So these are big issues. Now having said that and I think you understand and appreciate it, case two is likely to have many fewer moving parts, again, assuming a resolution, full resolution of case one and pretty clear direction coming out of case one, case two does look like its more about pension expense and volume levels for rate design.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Fair enough. And then last question if I could, switching to the pipes here, on the chance that as we look out over the next three years and just under a hypothetical we don’t have any perhaps recovery in the geographic basis market. Your pipes from the Gulf to Northeast, one are the cheapest routes to get up there, but nonetheless with respect to whatever contracts that might be rolling, did you see any risk there, Bob, under that kind of scenario?
Bob Skaggs: We currently do not see material risk on Columbia Gulf, you make great point, number one it is the cheapest route from the Southwest, number two, the hydraulics, the operation of Columbia gas transmission is heavily dependent on Columbia Gulf, storage refill is heavily dependent on Columbia Gulf. And I'd also add that we now have so much gas heading Columbia Gulf and Northeast Louisiana and we now have much stronger businesses on Columbia Gulf from west east in the Gulf region, but we feel all of that as the Columbia Gulf remains strategic and quite economically viable. Now, we're watching the bases, what note the bases has shown some recovery as we're turning a bit more to normal on Columbia Gulf so again long-term we feel good about the asset, the utilization, and the contractual status of that pipe.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Great, appreciate the color, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with Keybanc. Please proceed.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc: Hey, good morning
Bob Skaggs: Hey, Paul.
Steve Smith: Hey, Paul
Bob Skaggs: You're up early this morning.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc: Would you check my gas meter?
Bob Skaggs: We saw you reported at the lawn, yes we were reading meters really to.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc: I have a question on the tax refund and what is the impact on rate base or is that the regulatory book difference and the tax book?
Steve Smith: No, typically, Paul, as you're probably aware deferred tax is an element of most rate proceedings. So you have deferred tax balances associated with a whole host of items, like bonus depreciation and the like, so it will be a component of rate making going forward for our company, but we feel we'll be able to manage that in those processes.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc: Is rate base just been effectively reduced by 300 million, is that too simple of you?
Steve Smith: Yes, I would say if you look at the tax benefits of 295 or so, it's about a third and third and third in terms of where the benefits accrue, so third is that NIE, NIPSCO a third is the pipeline and the third of the Gas Distribution businesses.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc: Okay, and it sounds like you are going to have the pan cake in the next NIPSCO electric case, is that fair?
Bob Skaggs: Well, not necessarily, that, Carl asked question earlier about that and clearly we're considering the calculus of filing case two and we think it is regulatory, political, strategic so we're going to take a very close look of when and how we file case two. So I don’t think it's correct to assume pan caking, on the other hand I wouldn’t say that we would rule that out at this point, but we recognize we have to make a careful, thoughtful decision around that.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc: Okay, thank you, and now just to echo Jonathan’s remarks, congratulations on getting the ship back on an even keel.
Bob Skaggs: We appreciate that, thanks very much, team's worked hard.
Steve Smith: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Sure. Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with Incremental Capital. Please proceed.
Ashar Khan – Incremental Capital: Hi, good morning, how are you doing?
Bob Skaggs: Good morning. We’re doing well.
Steve Smith: How are you?
Ashar Khan – Incremental Capital: I just wanted to clarify, I was a bit confused, you said in your remarks about that no need for large equity financing. Does that imply? And then you were mentioning financings in the fourth quarter. Does that imply? That some kind of equity financing is required in this current quarter. I was a little bit confused in the terminology used. I just wanted to clarify if you could?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, the answer is no, I just appreciate that if there is any confusion we certainly want to be clear. Obviously, I want to be straight up for using the drip, and the drip purchased $28 million so that’s an ongoing equity issuance, if you will. And that’s the only thing we have on the table right now. Now, let me be absolutely clear on the fourth quarter contemplate activity and that is debt financing of about a $120 million or so. And in the remarks we talked about in Indiana Regulatory Commission approval pending for financing related to our Sugar Creek facility so we could use that if the commission approves that we could use that as a financing vehicle. But we also retain the right to use debt financing at the corporate level during the fourth quarter of the 2010 is to take off the table or 2010 financing requirements and they would be met with the debt issuance of some sort presumably yet this quarter again depending on market conditions and the like.
Ashar Khan – Incremental Capital: Okay.
Bob Skaggs: Does that help?.
Ashar Khan – Incremental Capital: That helps, that clarifies, I really appreciate it.
Bob Skaggs: Good.
Ashar Khan – Incremental Capital: And then can I just go as we look for pensions next year what is the discount rate you are using this year? And how should we look at the discount rates if you were to do something today, is that going to be a further hurt in 2010 or with some end of these rate case decisions and all that. It’s like its not going to hurt 2010 going from '09?
Steve Smith: I will take that, Bob. I mean in terms of the discount rate we used for 2008 calculations to determine what our expenses would be in 2009 we were using a 6.92% rate. And if you looked at our assets value as a 12/31/08, we were about $1.44 billion in asset value. If you take the actual uptick in the market through September 30th of 2009, our asset value is closer to $1.66 billion, $1.7 billion. So we have received some benefit as a result of the uptick in the market, which we're very pleased about. But as you know the calculation for the 2010 expense are effectively done at the end of the year and there are a lot of moving parts in terms of how your assets perform through the balance of the year, how discount rates apply to your liability, how demographic changes, impact, all of those assumptions so I had to take to speculate on what the discount rate would be in December when we take measure of the pension, but I think it’s a positive, all things being considered that our asset values have improved by about 20% from year-end 2008 so far this year.
Ashar Khan – Incremental Capital: Could you give us some rough stab, how much would the disc, you don’t know right now right, how much would the discount rate would have to fall to offset that gain. Is there any kind of a way to kind of like judge?
Steve Smith: I hesitate to come up with a methodology or formula that would provide there, I mean I think in a big picture the asset return is probably 80% of the issue and the discount rate was a much smaller percentage of the issue, so I think asset returns are really what drive ultimately your pension expense, discount rates do have an effect, but not nearly as dramatic as the asset returns.
Ashar Khan – Incremental Capital: Okay, so we should be then I guess a little bit comfortable with things. Okay, I appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Bob Skaggs: Thank you.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Thank you. I wanted to just clarify one thing and I had to jump off for a bit and I apologize if this was already addressed. Bob, you had talked about your guidance still being at a $1 to a $1.10 and I think in the release and also in your prepared remarks you mentioned that, that had assumed a moderate second half '09 recovery. Are you effectively saying that despite not really having seen such a recovery in the way you might have envisaged you're still planning to make the numbers or you're reminding us that absent that you may not make that number?
Bob Skaggs: Its more the former, we feel comfortable that its going to be well within the range, the team has worked hard to mitigate the lack of a robust recovery, so feel good about the guidance. I would just continue to add that we've sensed that to economic conditions in our marketplace and you will just continue to hear me issues that caveat as we go forward that it does play key role and where we have.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: You're effectively no longer requiring a meaningful recovery in the second half to –
Bob Skaggs: That's correct.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: To make your range, that –
Bob Skaggs: That’s correct, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Thanks
Operator: We have a follow up question from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital. Please proceed
Bob Skaggs: Hey, Carl.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: Hi.
Bob Skaggs: You got a double dipper.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: I know, I know. Just very, very quickly because the amount of influx of working capital this year seen some benefit of low gas prices as obviously might that. I don’t know if there is a way to kind of give a sensitivity, Steve, or just as you look at right now, and we have got kind of cal 2010 strip and roughly the $6 range maybe a little bit under that and this year we're probably going to be ending with gas prices for the year somewhere just north of four bucks. If the hurt strip were to hold is there any sense of what the working capital outlay might be next year?
Steve Smith: Yes, that’s a great question, I mean largely the way we look at this is the fact that the gas prices have dropped so dramatically in 2009 and helped us tremendously in terms of our working capital situation, but going forward in 2010, working capital will turn around, because we filled up our storage caverns with a lot lower price gas, so the accounts receivable balances that we have in the fourth quarter are a lot lower than they were in the fourth quarter of 2008. So the working capital benefits that we derived primarily as a result of lower gas prices will effectively go away next year in 2010 and normalize the more regular levels that we've seen historically.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: Okay, but no sensitivity or shot at this point of what the cash flow exit could be as gas prices go higher?
Steve Smith: Not at this time.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital: Okay, all right, thank you.
Bob Skaggs: Let me just mention the team is sensitive to managing that pretty aggressively so all eyes are on that sort of thing, I mention, Carl.
Steve Smith: We feel very good about our liquidity position in 2010.
Bob Skaggs: That’s the bottom line.
Operator: With no further questions in the queue I would now like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs for closing remarks. You may proceed.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, thank you very much, Kershaw. I just want to say a couple of things, number one, we certainly have the view that the business has improved dramatically if you reflect back a year ago, 18 months ago, this business has made significant strides forward, be it liquidity, business initiatives, core operations, reducing the risk profile, and hopefully you agree the progress is remarkable, the resilience of the business is remarkable, and we feel like we are much stronger, better business with improved clarity on our path forward. So with that thanks again for your interest, your support and we will see you soon. Thank you
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Bob Skaggs - President & Chief Executive Officer Steve Smith - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Glen Kettering - Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs Randy Hullen - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Faisal Khan - Citigroup Shneur Gershuni - UBS Josh Golden - JP Morgan
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the second quarter 2009 NiSource earnings conference call. My name is Kershaw and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participates are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs, please proceed sir.
Glen Kettering: Thank you, Kershaw and good morning to everyone on behalf of NiSource I would like to welcome you to our quarterly analysts call. We appreciate the opportunity to be with you today and thank you for taking the time to join us. Joining us this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hullen, Director of Investor Relations. As you know, the focus of today’s call is to review our second quarter 2009 earnings results and provide a general business update. During the course of the call we will be referring to certain supplemental materials, which are available to those accessing our call via webcast at which have been posted on the NiSource website at www.nisource.com. Following Bob’s prepared remarks we will open the call to your questions. As always I’d like to remind you that all or some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the U.S. Federal Securities Laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is included in the management’s discussion and analysis and risk factors sections of our periodic SEC filings. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Bob Skaggs: Thanks Glen. Good morning and thanks for joining us. As you know we have several important matters to address this morning. First we’ll report on NiSource’s second quarter earnings results. Next we’ll update you on the impacts of the continuing economic downturn on our business and the steps we’re taking to mitigate them. I’ll also briefly update you on our liquidity position, which I’ll preview now by telling you it remains quite solid. Finally we’ll discuss each of our business segment results and continued progress on our balance plan to enhance shareholder value. Let’s begin with a look at our second quarter results.  As we noted in our news release this morning, despite extraordinarily bad economic conditions in our market areas, NiSource produced another solid quarter of core earnings while continuing to execute on our business plan. For the second quarter, NiSource delivered net operating earnings on a non-GAAP basis of $6.2 million or $0.02 per share. This compares with $23.2 million or $0.08 per share for the second quarter of 2008. Just to place our performance in perspective, but for increased pension experience which as you may recall is a $0.24 per share drag on earnings for 2009, our operating earnings for the quarter would equal last years second quarter. A remarkable accomplishment given the very stiff economic headwinds our businesses like many others continue to face. Operating earnings, again on a non-GAAP basis were $117 million compared to $119.7 million for the same period in 2008. In addition to increased pension expense, the most significant impacts on second quarter results were reduced revenues in our electric business, resulting from the economic recession, which has hammered Northern Indiana. Incremental interest expense related to the issuance of long term debt under our liquidity plan. These impacts were partially offset by increased net revenues in our gas transmission and storage and gas distribution businesses. Good management of core O&M as well as the effects of open market debt repurchases and lower short term interest rates. To kick off this morning’s commentary, I’ll first address the recession’s impact on NiSource and I’ll emphasize again, as I have done in previous calls, we continue to closely monitor economic conditions across the markets we serve and assess the potential impacts on our business. Although these issues certainly aren’t unique to NiSource, they represent a set of stiff challenges that we have been and continue to be thoughtfully and proactively managing.  Commercial and industrial volumes in particular have been extraordinarily soft as a result of the continuing economic recession. As I mentioned, this is especially true in our Northern Indiana markets, were second quarter industrial demand was about 25% below the prior year level. This contributed to a decrease in electric revenues of more than $21 million or about $0.05 per share. Another economic headwind, pension expense; for the quarter pension expense was up nearly $25 million or about $0.06 per share. You recall that we forecasted a total increase of about $100 million in pension expense this year. Again, with the total 2009 earnings impact of about $0.24 per share. On the positive side of the ledger, you’ll clearly see that our businesses have taken aggressive steps to offset the impacts of these near term economic and financial headwinds. As our earnings attest, we have successful mitigated a portion of these impacts through increased revenues and aggressive cost management efforts across all of our businesses. These aggressive mitigation efforts are ongoing. Just to cite one example. Earlier this month our Columbia Gas of Ohio or Columbia of Ohio unit, received authority from the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio to defer the difference between actual pension expenses and the levels reflected in COH’s base rates. That deferral is expected to positively impact 2009 operating earnings by approximately $13 million or about $0.03 per share. That benefit will be reflected in our results for the third and fourth quarters of this year. Undoubtedly, the effects of the economic downturn are proving to be deeper and longer than anyone had hoped. Against this backdrop, is truly historic to mention, our teams are working day and night to overcome these impacts and deliver results inline with the earnings outlook we provide earlier this year. In fact, you’ll see in today’s news release that our 2009 earnings outlook remains consistent with our previously announced net operating earnings guidance non-GAAP of $1 to $1.10 per share. I’d repeat once again that we continue to monitor the economic situation closely, and we’ll continue to make appropriate balanced adjustments to our near term business plans as we manage through these turbulent times. As we indicated earlier this year, our original outlook assumed a gradual economic recovery during the second of 2009. We have moderated that estimate somewhat to reflect current market conditions to state the obvious, the ultimate pace and strength of the recovery remain to be seen, and a variety of economic factors, particularly industrial and commercial usage will remain a key sensitivity for all of our businesses going forward. As you would expect, we’ll provide you with our assessment of the economic situation as part of our overall business update when we report earnings for the third quarter. Moving to liquidity, as I mentioned earlier, NiSource’s position has become increasingly solid. As discussed during our first quarter call, we have been successfully executing our financing and liquidity plan. As we speak, NiSource has fully addressed its 2009 debt refinancing requirements, and it’s well underway toward meaning its 2010 refinancing needs. In fact we now estimate that our remaining financing requirements through 2010 will be considerably less than $500 million. I would also note that as shown on the supplement slides, our cash position has continued to improve, and we expect to have more than $550 million of excess liquidity for the year. In terms of specific liquidity initiatives on June 25, Columbia Gas of Virginia received approval for the Virginia State Corporation Commission for the issuance of long term debt of up to $75 million.  In addition, Northern Indiana Public Service Company, or NIPSCO is in the process of obtaining Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission approval to issue $120 million of debt related to its new Sugar Creek generating facility. During the third quarter of 2009, NiSource also expects to add an accounts receivable securitization facility for Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania and is in the process of establishing the similar facilities at Columbia of Ohio and NIPSCO. Total capacity for these facilities is expected to be approximately $525 million with opportunities for annual renewal and capacity increases as required. Without minimizing the daunting challenges we and virtually all companies are facing in managing through these turbulent times, I continue to be encouraged by the fact that our underlying business performance remains strong, our liquidity position is solid and we are delivering on our commitment to preserve and execute on the core elements of our business strategy. Turning to that core business strategy, let me spend a few minutes focusing on second quarter business segment results and accomplishments. We’ll begin with NIPSCO, beyond the tough, tough Northern Indiana economic climate; we realize all eyes are trained on the NIPSCO electric base rate case. Although, we are now one year into that case, we continue to see steady progress towards successful resolution. In terms of the procedural calendar, the intervening parties filed testimony during the second quarter and NIPSCO filed its last round of testimony in late June. Final round of evidentiary hearings began in late July and is continuing, and the case is expected to be resolved with new electric rates likely effective during the first quarter of 2010. In terms of the settlement process, the NIPSCO team has engaged the parties in cordial and construction discussions over the course of the last month. Our clear preference would have been reached settlement prior to the commencement of hearings. Unfortunately we weren’t able to do so, although, we would never rule out a settlement. At this point, our expectations for a negotiated resolution are tempered and our team’s attention is now focused on the hearing that’s underway in the Indianapolis. From an earnings standpoint, Electric Operations reported second quarter operating earnings of $31 million versus operating earnings of $52 million from the same quarter last year. As I noted earlier, net revenues decreased by $21.3 million, primarily as a result of lower industrial and commercial usage and lower off systems sales. Operating expenses decreased slightly, due primarily to a $7.2 million decrease in depreciation expenses and a $5.1 million decrease in other taxes, due to lower property taxes. The decreases were mostly offset by higher pension expense of $10.5 million and higher electric generation and maintenance costs of $5 million. The decrease in depreciation expense relates to an adjustment recorded by NIPSCO during the second quarter of 2008. Our Gas Transmission & Storage business unit called NGT&S notched yet another quarter of strong performance. At NGT&S, we saw increased revenue from storage services, new Appalachian supply interconnects and incremental revenue from our gas transportation business during the second quarter. The NGT&S team also continued developing a stream of new growth projects that capitalize on the company’s strong asset base. Work continued on our efforts to provide market access for an additional 150,000 dekatherms per day of gas from the Marcellus Shale production area in southwestern Pennsylvania. Initial firm transportation services on those projects began in the third quarter of 2008 with additional increments scheduled to be placed in service through mid-2010. Storage gas injections began in April for the Ohio Storage Expansion Project, which will increase NGT&S market-area storage capacity by 7 billion cubic feet and enhance delivery from two Ohio storage fields. Also in April NGT&S executed agreements to add 30,000 dekatherms per day of new capacity into premium east coast markets later this year from upgrade to northeastern Pennsylvania compressor station. The new capacity is expected to be available late this year. Shippers also executed agreements for a little more than 25,000 dekatherms per day of long-term firm transportation service associated with a facility expansion in central West Virginia. That project which we referred to as the Cobb Expansion is expected to be in service April 2010. Two additional NGT&S expansion projects have been placed in to service. The Appalachian Expansion Project, providing a 100,000 dekatherms per day of new transportation capacity to three key Appalachian producers was in-service ahead of schedule on July 13, and the Eastern Market Expansion, which also provides nearly 100,000 dekatherms per day of additional storage and transportation services under fully subscribed 15 year firm contract, was played into service April 1. When coupled with our recent Hardy Storage Project, the team has now added 25 billion cubic feet of new market area storage capacity over the past two years. NGTNS also completed the contracting of 95,000 dekatherms per day of capacity for firm delivery from Columbia Gulf Transmission to the Florida Gas Transmission system near Lafayette, Louisiana, and have placed a number of other pipeline interconnects into service during the second quarter. From an earnings standpoint, transmission and storage operations reported operating earnings from the quarter of about $80 million versus operating earnings of about $75 million in the second quarter of 2008. As I mentioned earlier, net revenues were up $13 million, primarily due to increases in firm capacity reservation fees and shorter term transportation and storage receivers, partially offset by lower commodity margins. Although no part of our business is completely immune from the effects of our economic downturn, the continued strong performance in our NGTNS unit has been instrumental in mitigating some of the near term earnings pressures we’re seeing in other parts of the business. The NGTNS team also is continuing to aggressively address itself cost structure and advanced new energy infrastructure projects that will be key contributors to NiSource’s long-term growth profile. Last, but certainly not least, our Gas Distribution unit also delivered strong results during the quarter benefiting from ongoing efforts to improve rate design and align our infrastructure replacement and enhancement programs with a variety of regulatory initiatives. Gas Distribution’s net revenues, excluding the impact of regulatory trackers increased by more than $18 million for the quarter, driven largely by rate and regulatory initiatives recently implemented in Ohio and Pennsylvania. Partially offset by decreased customer usage, which came in at about 2% versus our expectation of about 1%. This increased revenues helped drive operating earnings of $7.5 million, versus an operating earnings loss of $3.9 million in the second quarter of 2008. Operating expenses, again, excluding trackers, were $6.8 million higher than the comparable period last year, again, reflecting an increase in pension expense and higher depreciation costs, partially offset by lower employee and administrative costs, excluding pension expenses. Building on last year’s successes in Ohio and Pennsylvania, our Gas Distribution team is continuing to make excellent progress in executing its long-term growth strategy. On April 16, Bay State Gas Company filed a petition with the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities seeking to increase annual revenues by $34.6 million or 6.4%. Base State’s request addresses capital costs associated with system upgrades and maintenance, as well as cost increases since the company’s last base rate case in 2005. Among other things, the current filing includes a proposed infrastructure investment tracker and enhancements to the company’s rate design. Hearings in the case concluded in July, and new rates to Bay State are scheduled to become effective in November of this year. On May 1, Columbia Gas Kentucky filed a rate case with Kentucky Public Service Commission for an overall increase in revenues of approximately $11.6 million, or 7%. The filing proposes enhancements to rate design, the implementation of energy efficiency program, and the establishment of an infrastructure investment tracker. On June 8, Columbia Gas, Virginia filed with Virginia State Corporation Commission to implement a conservation and rate-making efficiency or CARE Plan for a three-year period from 2010 through 2012. The plan combines energy conservation incentives for residential and small general service customers with a decoupled rate mechanism. All of these proceedings continue NiSource’s collaborative regulatory approach toward engaging stakeholders in addressing issues related to energy conservation, progressive rate design and timely recovery of ongoing infrastructure enhancement investments. Shifting now to other operations, we reported an operating earnings loss of $1.7 million, compared with an operating earnings loss of $1.4 million in the prior year period. In terms of interest expense, as I noted earlier we saw an increase of about $18 million, primarily due to incremental interest expense associated with the issuance of $700 million of long term debt in May of 2008 and $600 million of debt in March 2009 as part of our proactive liquidity plan. Net increase was partially offset by the open market debt repurchase of $100 million in January 2009, the $250.6 million tender offer debt repurchase in April 2009 and lower short term interest rates. Other net was a loss of $0.5 million, compared to income of $1.3 million for the second quarter of 2008, as a result of lower interest income. On a GAAP basis, NiSource reported a net loss from continuing operations for the three months ended June 30, 2009 of $8.7 million or $0.03 per share, compared with net income from continuing operations of $19.7 million or $0.07 per share in the same period a year ago. Operating income was $103.9 million for the second quarter of 2009, compared with $114.4 million in the year ago period. Schedule one in earnings release has complete list of the items included in 2009. In 2008 GAAP income from continuing operations, but excluded from net operating earnings. To wrap up, NiSource’s overall financial performance for the quarter is consistent with our business plan and as mentioned earlier inline with our outlook of net operating earnings in the range of $1 to $1.10 per share for 2009. Although we have much more to accomplish in a very challenging environment in which to operate, the team has made solid progress in delivering on our aggressive game plan. We have worked hard to dampen the effects of the severe economic downturn while improving our solid liquidity position. We have also continued to advance our agenda infrastructure programs, rate proceedings and pipeline and storage growth opportunities. These accomplishes serve to underscore our continued commitment to preserving and executing on the core elements of our strategy for generating long term sustainable growth for NiSource and value for our shareholders. Prior to opening the call to question, I would like to address a few matters I know are always a priority for our stakeholders. First, I want to reiterate NiSource ongoing commitment to its investment great credit ratings. If the events of the last year have demonstrated anything, it’s the value of maintaining a solid investment grade credit, something we regard as mission critical to a regulated capital intensive business such as ours and particularly so in times such as these we have all experienced over the course of the last year. We are committed to maintain and open dialogue with rating agencies I would note that Moody’s, one of our agencies last week issued interim credit reports on NiSource, NIPSCO and base date reaffirming their respective ratings. We’ll be conducting our annual deep dive review with all the credit rate agencies in the fourth quarter of this year, and we look forward to those critical discussions. Likewise we recognize the significance of our dividend and the key role it plays in the NiSource investment proposition for our shareholders. As I mentioned in our last quarter’s earnings call, we remain committed to the current dividend and we don’t have plans for large scale equity issuances at this time. Finally we remain committed at the communicating with our investors in the transparent and timely manner regarding these and all of our efforts ongoing updates will be provide through our analyst calls and news releases posted on www.nisource.com. Thanks for your interest and your participation this morning and your continued support of NiSource. With that, Kershaw, we’ll open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc; please proceed.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Good morning, how are you?
Bob Skaggs: Good morning. We’re fine.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: So it sounds like the settlement discussions are not dead, but you’re less optimistic than you might have been a while back?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, that’s accurate. As I said in my prepared remarks, we’ll never say, never. We’ll continue to develop ideas and surface proposals, but as we sit here today, we’re focused on the hearing that’s actually in motion in Indianapolis and expect it to conclude at week’s end.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Any incite as to what the major stumbling blocks to a settlement might have been?
Bob Skaggs: Obviously, the discussions are confidential. I’ll just give you the overall view that we have about the case. Number one, first case in 20 years of very, very large complex case with many, many moving parts, and from day one we’ve mentioned that cost allocation, particularly among industrial customers, residential commercial customers was going to be a key issue, with likely be contentious, and hard to deal with. That’s still the view we have today.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Okay, you got a charge at transmission and storage on an interest rate hedge. Did you not carve that out as an unusual item?
Bob Skaggs: We didn’t carve it out as an unusual item and actually that charge relates to the Millennium Pipeline and our partnership in Millennium Pipeline. If you’d like, I could ask Steve Smith to give you a little bit more detail around that particular item.
Steve Smith: Sure, Bob. Thanks. Hi, Paul, how are you?
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Good.
Steve Smith: Yes, the Millennium charge is related to the hedges we had in place for a portion of the debt at Millennium. Partnership decided that it made economic sense to roll the hedges an additional 12 months, given that our borrowing costs currently are so low at Millennium, and so that charge is the result of rolling the hedge forward another two months.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Is that $4.2 million after tax?
Steve Smith: That’s correct, yes. That’s not all $4.2 million. It’s about $7.9 million is the total charge for us before tax.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Are we going to be living with this run rate on pension for the entire year, or is there an opportunity in ‘09 to open that up again?
Steve Smith: No, that’s set for the entire year Paul, and it’s recalculated for the succeeding year for 2010, January 1 of 2010. So it’s locked in.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Then what was the cost of the lowered depreciation and amortization at NIPSCO?
Steve Smith: Roughly $7 million was the adjustment that was made in 2008. If I’m off a few dollars here and there, Randy can certainly provide that clarification.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Okay. I’ll circle back.
Steve Smith: That’s the order of magnitude.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Thank you.
Bob Skaggs: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital; please proceed.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Bob Skaggs: Hey, good morning Carl.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: A few questions if I could. The first, starting off of on industrial demand, it looked like the actual decline picked up a little bit relative to the first quarter. Bob, you said you tempered the outlook a little bit for the second half of the year. One, I didn’t know if through the second quarter you had seen any variations from April to June or perhaps even how we stand here in July? I didn’t know if, perhaps, you could actually quantify when you said, moderating outlook kind of what the expectations are now for second half decline in industrial demand?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, Carl let me start with a bit of color around the second quarter. You are right the decline picked up a bit, but I wouldn’t say it was a material up tick. Slow the first quarter, and it was slow the second quarter. We just have not seen much, if any pickup to this point. We’ve been following carefully the commentary provided by U.S. Steel, in their earnings announcement. We’ve also been following closely commentary from middle. We’ve been noting that steel inventories have declined, and we hear and read about glimmers, but frankly we have not seen those translate in to up ticks in our meter readings. So, this reduction that we’ve seen over the first quarter and second quarter, frankly we just don’t expect much material improvement in those deliveries for the balance of the year, and again, our original forecast had assumed some recovery. We just haven’t seen and we felt like it wasn’t prudent to count on it for the balance of the year. What we have charged the teams to do is to continue to mitigate offset through aggressive cost management, regulatory initiatives, commercial arrangements, do we can’t offset that reduction.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Then Bob, don’t mean to beat the dead horse or kind of parse words here, but it sounds like you are reiterating your earnings forecast with not just kind of a moderating outlook, but it sounds like you’re not expecting much in the way of an improvement in the second half?
Bob Skaggs: I think that’s absolutely correct. We are clearly reaffirming the earnings outlook. Highlighted the sensitivities to the economy and so, that the color around that reaffirmation is, we are highly sensitive to what’s going on in the economy, particularly in Northwest Indiana. 
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Great, now appreciate that. Second question is just going to the NIPSCO rate case and I don’t want to read too much into this. You mentioned the new rates being likely effective in first quarter ‘10. My understanding is, I guess after the hearings, which should end here in August…
Bob Skaggs: Actually, let me jus interrupt. We expect the hearings could conclude, as early as the end of this week.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Okay and at that point then we’re just waiting for the IURC to act, as I mean not that they would do it soon, but I mean is that the case or is there any other road signs along the way we should be looking for?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, it’s the latter Carl. Once the earning closes, procedurally the administrative judge will set a briefing schedule and again, given the size and complexity of this case and where it stands in the way of litigation.  We would expect that there will be a considerable amount of time spent on briefing, both initial briefs, reply briefs and the like and that the deliberations could extend through the balance of the year and in to the first quarter, and again, I’m basing that on the complexity of the case, the gravity of the case, particularly in this economic climate that we are in.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Fair enough. I appreciate the clarification and then lastly, maybe switching to the pipelines. You guys have got a lot of good things as far as new Appalachian interconnects storage revenue. The question I had was really on TCO, Columbia Gas. My recollection is there are shorter duration contracts on that system, and I guess my question is, has the recent flattening of basis differentials? Does that cause any risk to the Columbia Gas going forward?
Bob Skaggs: First, maybe I can address the premise of the propositions question. The average term of the firm contracts are five to seven years in duration. So, there are long-lived agreements. The team has done a terrific job of continually renewing and extending contracts. In fact we’ve gone through a wave of renewals over the past year, and I think it’s accurate to say that those went off, as we had hoped. Again, long term, tend to be max rate agreements. On the horizon, we’ll have renewals, but I can’t recall offhand, Carl anything that is material or would suggest that we’re going to have a revenue runoff at Columbia Gas Transmission due to contract renewals or weakness in the market. In fact, I’d say it’s to the contrary, the market is holding up quite well, and again, I think the track record on renewals would support that.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Great now, the five to seven years was what I needed. So, appreciate the color and good luck. Thanks.
Bob Skaggs: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carrie Saint Louis with Fidelity. Please proceed.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Hi, good morning.
Bob Skaggs: Hey, Carrie, how are you?
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Good. First, I was wondering it seems like weather was a hurt. I was wondering if you have like weather-adjusted sales data yet.
Steve Smith: We do have weather-adjusted sales data.
Bob Skaggs: If you go back to the earnings release, and the segment information, you’ll see where we stand with regard to Heating Degree Days and Cooling Degree say days okay, and just for the three months on, the electric side, we’re about 14% off in regards to weather. Now, I will also suggest that just looking at Degree Days for July, way, way off, material off. As you know, it’s been quite cool here in the Midwest.
Carrie St. Louis - Fidelity: Yes. All right, thanks for that. In terms of the NIPSCO financing application, did you say you expected that to be resolved in the third quarter?
Bob Skaggs: Yes.
Steve Smith: Yes, that’s correct, Carrie. This is Steve. We anticipate getting an order out of the commission by the end of the third quarter.
Carrie St. Louis - Fidelity: Okay. Okay and then, you know, it means reference to potentially a need of $500 million of financing. Do you have any thoughts about timing and, you know, the strategy that you are going to pursue, and when do you kind of have more, would you have more clarity on that?
Steve Smith: I would say, by the end of the third quarter we’d have a lot more clarity on that, Carrie. Obviously we’ve got the $75 million order out of Virginia. We’re very pleased with that, and we’re anticipating getting a good order out of Indiana on the $120 million, and I think at that point, we’ll be able to strategize, on what the appropriate actions should be going forward, but my bias would be to take care of any financing, you know, as soon as we can.
Bob Skaggs: Carrie, I would just add a couple of points of color. Number one, financing requirement, we’ve said, is up to $500 million. So we’re suggesting it could be somewhere south of that. I’d also suggest that the numbers reflect ongoing improvement in cash and liquidity, and so, again, we’re trying to minimize the amount that we’ll need to finance.
Carrie St. Louis - Fidelity: Great and then last question, since you filed the NIPSCO rate case, clearly there’s been both the hit in volumes, and the pension. I was just wondering if you could talk about the longer-term regulatory strategy, and how you are going to work to get those recovered, and just remind me about when you could be able to file, if that’s a strategy, another rate case to kind of go after those more kind of perfunctory issues that you would like to get resolved?
Bob Skaggs: Right. You hit the nail on the head with volumes and pension expense both going against us here over the past 12 months. Those items are not included in the test year that the current case is being litigated on. Just for everybody on the phone call, that the test year for the current NIPSCO rate case is calendar year 2007. So obviously since then, we have volume issues, we have pension expense issues that we have to deal with, which suggests to us, and I think to most others that a second case, second NIPSCO rate case almost inevitable. I said it’s apparent to almost everybody. Our stakeholders are very sophisticated parties. Clearly the Indiana Commission is sophisticated and well regarded, and they clearly understand that we have two very big items that are outside of the current case. Again, it certainly suggests that a rate case is in the offing sooner rather than later. Having said that, there are many, many considerations that we have to deal with regarding the what, how, and the when. So we don’t have definitive plans at this point, Carrie on when we’ve file would that volume would look like. The rules provide that we could file a second rate case as early as the fourth quarter of this year. Again, we don’t have definitive plans, but as you would suggest, we are certainly considering next steps, the key considerations, and what that second case would look like. For the time being, though, for the moment at hand, first thing is first. We’re focused on this current rate case and seeing that to resolution.
Carrie St. Louis - Fidelity: Yes, absolutely. Okay, great. That color was helpful.
Bob Skaggs: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Barry Klein with Citigroup. Go ahead, please.
Faisal Khan - Citigroup: Good morning, guys. Actually Faisal
Bob Skaggs: Hey, good morning.
Faisal Khan - Citigroup: Just a couple of questions here, on the gas utility filings you guys made in Massachusetts and Kentucky, will those rate cases address pension costs?
Steve Smith: That they certainly will and you may recall current rates reflect a pension expense tracker.
Faisal Khan - Citigroup: Oh, right. Okay. Got you.
Steve Smith: So we certainly are attempting to renew that, or continue a mechanism of that sort. We’re also attempting to address pension expense in Kentucky and back we have an application pending requesting deferral of expense pending this rate case.
Faisal Khan - Citigroup: Okay and then on the pipeline side, in terms of your storage contracts on the pipeline side, are those at max tariff, and is there any room as some of those contracts rollover to renegotiate higher prices.
Steve Smith: They are at max tariff expect them to continue at max tariff. The only storage field or storage opportunity that has market based rates is the recently approved Ohio storage project and that is a notable move by the team, notable approval by the FERC that’s only in globe market based rate opportunities.
Faisal Khan - Citigroup: Is that sold out? That facility?
Steve Smith: It’s pretty much sold out, but not 100% sold out.
Faisal Khan - Citigroup: Okay and in terms of a lot of the intersections that you guys of announced in your press release in your prepared comments, what do you think those interconnections due for your pipeline system? Does it increase the tenure, the contracts the pipeline it increase interruptible revenues? What do you think the net increase is?
Bob Skaggs: It’s all of the above. I think it just continues to support the viability of the Columbia Gulf system in particular. We believe it is the cheapest, most effective transport out there and the on slot or the flood of volumes coming in to it, reaffirms that value, both long term and short term.
Faisal Khan - Citigroup: Okay. In terms of where you guys are in terms of gas and storage, what percentage full are you guys in terms of gas and storage both at the utility and at the pipeline.
Bob Skaggs: Well, part and parcel of this saying we have tariffs that require customers to provide injections over the course of the summer with peak storage capacity at or about hitting in October, give or take. So there’s a fairly regulated schedule of injections that must be maintained so that we have the required pressures as we enter in to the winter season. I don’t have the exact percentage. I would suggest it is going to be a fairly high percentage and Randy can provide that to you and others that are interested. I can assume you all of the customers are on schedule and meeting those storage injection levels, again so they can assure themselves of having the required capacity when they get in to the winter. Our LDC is the affiliated Columbia LDC are the largest firm storage customer on Columbia Gas Transmission, and consistent with my answer to the pipeline question, they will be right on schedule with those required injections.
Faisal Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Gotcha, so there’s no real change from the way you are injecting gas in the storage compared to last year?
Bob Skaggs: No. No. This is very tariff controlled and reliability dictated.
Faisal Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Gotcha and in terms that your guys said you have about $0.5 million in financing needs for next year and that has been whittled down pretty significantly. I am curious at the end of the day I think you did pay down some of that debt ahead of time, and maybe below par. How much of a discount were you able to get on buying back some of that debt?
Steve Smith: We had a couple of repurchases, we had the first one in January of $100 million, and we took out $33 million of the floating rate notes, and about $67 million of the 2010 notes. We were able to buy those, somewhat below par, not, not huge discounts below par, but for the most part below par on the 2010 notes and then we had a tender offer, you’ll recall for $250 million of notes for the 2010 maturity and that was pretty much at par in terms of the repurchase. So that leaves us in 2010 with the $682 million of maturity coming due in November.
Faisal Khan - Citigroup: Okay, got it. Thanks, I appreciate your time guys.
Bob Skaggs: Okay. Thanks.
Steve Smith: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Shneur Gershuni with UBS; please proceed.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Hi, good morning, guys.
Bob Skaggs: Hey, good morning.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Thanks for the great color. A lot of my questions have actually been answered. I was just wondering if you can sort of touch base on some of the growth projects you highlighted, if you sort of have a number with respect to the growth CapEx that’s related to those projects.
Steve Smith: Sure, where would you like to begin, Shneur? We listed a lot of Columbia Gas Transmission projects, and NGT&S projects, Ohio storage?
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: If you have a total, I recognize you don’t want to break them all up right now, if you kind of have a total number and I guess the expected return hurdle?
Steve Smith: Yes, Randy can give you the total. Let me just give you again, some color around it. These projects generally speaking, range from $20 million to as high as $180 million. $180 million give or take was the Eastern market expansion. So the projects are relatively speaking bite sized projects. I think as we’ve shown, we’re executing on these projects and delivering them on time and on budget.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Okay. I guess maybe I’m just circle up with Randy with respect to that?
Randy Hullen: Yes, we can give you a total of what those growth projects are and again we’re talking over multiple years. So it depends on how you want to cut that CapEx spend.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Okay. A question with respect to the utility, kind of in the past when we’ve had dig recessions, we kind of seen customer counts falloff in the second quarter, as people try to skip on their bills and so forth. Are you seeing that? Or things little different and have there been benefits, if can you give us some color on that?
Randy Hullen: Yes, customer counts are way down, and again, when you look at the earnings release, you’ll see that the customer counts quarter-to-quarter are in fact down for the most part. There maybe a few variances or outliers, but by in large we’re seeing them down. I would also add, as you would expect due to the housing meltdown, new customer additions are de minimis across all of our companies.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Okay and then one final question with respect to what Carl was talking about on the generation side. Are you seeing any green shoots at all whatsoever, or is it basically it continues to be challenging? I was wondering if you could talk about coal stockpiles as well, and if fuel switching at something that impacts you guys?
Randy Hullen: Yes, just let me start at the back end. We have not seen fuel switching, per se in our area. We’ve not seen any to use your term green shoes. It’s just been very, very slow and we have just not seen any glimmers. We’ve not seen any glimmers on the industrial side. It’s interesting, residential demand was okay for the second quarter. Probably surprise a little bit on the positive side, but again the industrial and the commercial was just not good at all.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Golden with JP Morgan. Go ahead, please.
Josh Golden - JP Morgan: Hi, good morning. Sorry about that.
Bob Skaggs: No problem.
Josh Golden - JP Morgan: Question for you, would I sort of missed your comment about the rating agencies. When are you going to be sitting down with them and sort of going through and reviewing your case?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, we’ll be going through our long term financial plan with all of the agencies in late October or early November, and that’s our traditional cycle when we go through a deep dive with them. Precise dates haven’t been set, but that’s traditionally when we do it.
Josh Golden - JP Morgan: Okay, great. Am I correct in seeing that you still believe even with dividend that you are going to be capable of maintaining the investment grade rating particularly now that your quarterly issues have been cleared up to some degree?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, we continue to reiterate our commitment to the investment grade credit ratings, and believe that we can maintain those ratings.
Josh Golden - JP Morgan: Okay. Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Sanchar [ph] with Decade. Please proceed.
Scott Sanchar - Decade: Hi, good morning.
Bob Skaggs: Hey Scott, how are you?
Scott Sanchar - Decade: Good. Could you just please go over the process to recover the higher pension expense in Indiana? I believe the use like an average over the past five years, but I’m just wondering if that’s on the test year of its ‘08 levels or ‘09 levels or how that works?
Bob Skaggs: It begins with test year, which again, for folks on the call is calendar year 2007, and typically they do use an averaging process. Offhand, I can’t recall what we proposed. I believe it was five years, but subject to check we can provide that, but that’s tends to be a typical sort of approach on pension expense.
Scott Sanchar - Decade: Okay. Great and then I noticed the customer count was down a little bit at NIPSCO electric, and I think some other companies in your region saw the same thing. Any color you can give us on what’s driving that?
Bob Skaggs: The economy, throughout our areas and you can look at a variety of reports and sources. That unemployment in most of our key larger market areas is double-digit in nature, and so that’s really the key driver in the flat or flattish numbers that we show you, and we are seeing reductions Scott, but when you look at the numbers, it’s a couple of thousand. So it’s not completely off the table, but it is certainly flat and it is certainly soft.
Scott Sanchar - Decade: Okay. So it sounds like shutoffs are more than I guess people leaving.
Bob Skaggs: Yes, I would say it’s more that the shutoff activity, as opposed to leaving the market area. Again, I noted on an earlier answer that new business, due to the housing meltdown. We just don’t see much activity at all.
Scott Sanchar - Decade: Okay and then, do you expect to file a rate case at NIPSCO gas anytime in the future?
Bob Skaggs: I’m sorry, would you repeat that.
Scott Sanchar - Decade: Sure. Do you expect to file a rate case at NIPSCO gas anytime in the future?
Bob Skaggs: We certainly expect that we are going to have regulatory activity at some sort at NIPSCO gas.
Scott Sanchar - Decade: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital. Go ahead.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital : Thanks, guys. Just one quick follow-up, Bob you had mentioned. I’m not sure that’s Bob or Steve, but one of you had mentioned in the very end of your commentary when you were reiterating the commitments to the investment grade rating and to keeping the kind of dividend, would there be no large-scale equity issuances. I didn’t know if that was just sort of talking around for instance the normal ongoing dividend reinvestment program or if there were some contemplations of perhaps one of these equity dribble programs that other utilities have done?
Bob Skaggs: No, we just wanted to distinguish, the large scale offering from the ongoing DRIP activity that we have in place in motion and that's been activated. 
Steve Smith: Carl, this is Steve. We anticipate in the $15 million range through that DRIP program that we have in place at NiSource per year.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital : Great, thanks guys.
Operator: There are no further questions. I’d now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Bob Skaggs, President and CEO.
Bob Skaggs : Kershaw thank you and again, thank you for your interest, your participation, your ongoing support at NiSource and the management team. We certainly appreciate and look forward to talking to you in the not too distant future. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Bob Skaggs - President and CEO Steve Smith - EVP and CFO Glen Kettering - SVP of Corporate Affairs
Analysts: Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Barry Klein - Citigroup Mark Finn - T. Rowe Price Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Raymond Leung - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to NiSource first quarter 2009 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed.
Glen Kettering: Thank you, Mary, and good morning to everyone. On behalf of NiSource we'd like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. We appreciate the opportunity to be with you today and thank you for taking the time to join us. With me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hulen, Director of Investor Relations. As you know, the focus of today's call is to review our first quarter 2009 earnings results and provide a general business update. During the course of the call, we will be referring to certain supplemental materials, which are available to those accessing our call via website and which have been posted on the NiSource website at nisource.com. Following Bob's prepared remarks, we will open the call to your questions. I'd like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this conference call, will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the US Federal Securities Laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is included in the managements' discussion and analysis and risk factors section of our periodic SEC filings. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Bob Skaggs: Thanks, Glenn. Good morning and thanks for joining us. During today's discussion we have several important points to address. First and foremost, we report on NiSource's first quarter earnings results. Next, we'll update you on the series of concrete steps we've taken to maintain NiSource's financial flexibility and enhance our solid liquidity position, and finally, we'll discuss our business segment results and highlight the progress we are making on our balance plan to enhance shareholder value. As Glen mentioned we have posted certain supplemental materials on our website, some of which I will refer to in my remarks. These include an update to the 2009 sources and uses of fund schedule we reviewed on our February 4th call, a schedule showing net available liquidity for NiSource at the end of the first quarter, a slide showing 2008 and 2009 projected capital expenditures by business units, and lastly a timeline for a number of ongoing initiatives across NiSource. Let's begin with a look at our first quarter results. As we noted in our news release this morning, despite extraordinarily challenging economic conditions in our market areas NiSource produced another solid quarter of core earnings, while continuing to execute on our business plan. For the first quarter, NiSource delivered net operating earnings on a non-GAAP basis of $170 million or $0.62 per share. This compares with $189 million or $0.69 per share for the first quarter of 2008. For reconciliation of net operating earnings and operating earnings to GAAP, please see schedules one and two of the earnings release, which is also available at nisource.com. Operating earnings, again on a non-GAAP basis were almost $370 million compared to about $395 million for the same period in 2008. As we indicated during our last earnings call in early February the most significant impact on our first quarter results was increased pension expense related to the global collapse in securities markets during 2008. Specifically our added pension expense for the quarter totaled $25 million, which accounted for about $0.06 of the $0.07 per share difference between our 2008 and 2009 first quarter results. You may recall that our earnings guidance for 2009 anticipated the total increase of about $100 million in pension expense during the course of this year, impacting our forecasted 2009 earnings by about $0.24 per share. A note that our first quarter earnings are inline with our earlier outlook and that we are reaffirming our previously announced 2009 guidance of $1 to $1.10 per share in net operating earnings non-GAAP for 2009. As I've mentioned in previous calls, we continue to closely monitor economic conditions across the markets we serve and assess the potential impacts on our business. Although these issues certainly aren't unique to NiSource, they represent a set of challenges that we have been and continue to be thoughtfully and proactively managing. This brings us to a topic that holds particular interest for the financial community and that's our strategy for maintaining financial flexibility in the current environment. As I noted in our February call, beginning last year NiSource put in place a range of strategies to effectively address our liquidity needs and observed that Steve Smith and his finance team have executed against our plan in exceptional fashion. These actions have helped us meet our 2009 debt refinancing requirements of approximately $500 million and put us well on the way toward meeting our remaining 2010 refinancing needs which now stands at about $690 million. Let me quickly touch on some key steps we've taken to advance our financing and liquidity plan. On March 9th, we issued $600 million of senior unsecured notes and underwritten offering. Proceeds from the issuance will be used to refinance outstanding debt that's scheduled to mature in November 2009 and for general corporate purposes, including refinancing the portion of outstanding debt scheduled to mature in November 2010. On April 9th, we closed on a senior unsecured term loan under attractive terms with a syndicate of lenders. As you may recall the initial closing was at $265 million and finance team was successful in expanding the loan to $385 million at final closing under an accordion feature in the financing agreement. Just two days ago we announced the results of a tender offer for up to $300 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding notes due in 2010. The aggregate principal amount of notes tendered was approximately $250 million, which will serve to reduce NiSource's interest expense through November 2010 by about $30 million. On March 30th, NIPSCO filed an amended petition with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission or IURC, seeking permission to issue $120 million of long-term debt to finance the Sugar Creek electric generating facility, which NIPSCO acquired last year. The hearing on that petition is set before the IURC on June 30. I would add that, we're now continuing to evaluate financing opportunities at other operating units. Our individual business units have also taken aggressive steps to better manage spending and optimize funds from operations, including the recently announced restructuring of our NiSource Gas Transmission and Storage organization.  Slide two, of the supplemental materials shows the positive effect of these initiatives on NiSource's overall liquidity position. As you can see we are now projecting over $0.50 billion of excess liquidity in 2009. Notably as reflected in slide three NiSource's net available liquidity at the end of the first quarter was in excess of $1.3 billion. Just one added footnote. Standard & Poor's recognized our efforts on March 5th, when it affirmed NiSource's BBB minus investment grade credit rating and revised its outlook to stable from negative. The Moody's and Fitch ratings services also affirmed our investment grade ratings status during the first quarter. We appreciate this recognition of our comprehensive strategy to maintain financial flexibility and deliver on our core business commitments. In light of the steps we've taken and are continuing to take, I'm confident NiSource will maintain a solid liquidity position going forward. Let's shift now to our first quarter business segment results and accomplishments. Here again you'll see that we are continuing to make tangible progress and remain fully committed to enhancing shareholder value by preserving and executing on the core elements of our long-term business strategy. During the first quarter NiSource's three business units continued to advance key growth and infrastructure enhancements programs, synchronize with complementary regulatory and commercial initiatives. At NIPSCO we received a favorable order from IURC on February 18th, related to our efforts to increase electric generating capacity and to advance our electric rate case. The IURC ruled that NIPSCOs $330 million Sugar Creek electric generating facility was in service for rate making purposes as of December 1, 2008. The IURC also approved the deferral of depreciation expenses and carrying costs associated with the Sugar Creek investment until such time as the IRUC recognizes the plant and the company's rate base through revised rates. Progress also continued on the NIPSCO electric base rate increase, the company's first in 20 years. Intervening parties are now scheduled to file their testimony by May 8th, with a final round of evidentiary hearing scheduled to be held this summer. We anticipate that case will be resolved and new rates effective by late 2009 or during the first quarter of 2010. As we've repeatedly said successful resolution of the NIPSCO rate case remains a very high priority for NIPSCO CEO Eileen Odum and her team. Although much work remains ahead of us, I am pleased with the progress we are making to establish solid foundation for NIPSCO and position it to contribute to NiSource's growth going forward. From an earnings standpoint electric operations reported $26 million of operating earnings for the current quarter, compared with $38 million in the first quarter of 2008. The decrease resulted from higher operating expenses partially offset by higher net revenues. Net revenues were up by $4.3 million due to increased residential and commercial margins, which more than offset the impacts of reduced industrial and wholesale volumes and margins. Operating expenses increased by about $16 million due to higher employee and administrative costs and electric generation and maintenance expenses, including expenses associated with the Sugar Creek facility. Expenses were also impacted by storm damage repairs, higher depreciation costs and other taxes during the quarter. These increases were partially offset by lower environmental expense resulting from an insurance settlement. As I mentioned earlier, the increases in the employee and administrative expenses across all our operating segments were primarily driven by a $25 million increase in pension expenses. As I alluded to earlier our NIPSCO team is closely monitoring economic conditions in our Northern Indiana service territory. Industrial production in particular has been impacted by the regional economy, with volumes down to approximately 20% compared to last year. Our 2009 earnings outlook anticipated the impact of reduced industrial activity at NIPSCO with gradual improvement expected to begin in the second half of the year. Of course we'll continue to update you on this key business sensitivity in future earnings calls. At our NiSource Gas Transmission and Storage unit work continued on the development of new growth projects and a maximization of value from NiSource's existing asset base. In Southwestern Pennsylvania, we are beginning a $30 million project to increase our transportation capabilities on the Columbia Gas Transmission system to provide market access for an additional 150,000 dekatherms per day of gas from the promising Marcellus Shale production area. We are modifying a compressor station south of Pittsburgh and parts of the pipeline system in the region to transport new natural gas supplies to market. The initial phase of firm transportation service started in the third quarter of 2008, with additional increments scheduled through mid 2010. On our Columbia Gulf system we completed the addition of 95,000 dekatherms per day of contracted capacity for delivery to the Florida Gas Transmission system near Lafayette, Louisiana. The new capacity is in addition to 145,000 dekatherms of capacity already subscribed for delivery to Florida Gas. In our March 25th, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission issued a certificate authorizing our $65 million Ohio storage expansion project, which will meet growing demand for natural gas storage and transportation services in our Mid-Atlantic markets. It was notable that the commission authorized market-based rates for the project, the first time that Columbia Gas Transmission has been granted such authority in connection with the expansion of existing traditionally cost based storage facility. Construction also continued on two additional NGT&S expansion projects. The approximately $30 million Appalachian Expansion Project continues to progress with service target to begin later this year, providing approximately 100,000 dekatherms per day of new transportation capacity to Appalachian producers. The $200 million Eastern Market Expansion was placed into service on April 1st. That project expands our facilities to provide 97,000 dekatherms per day of additional storage and related transportation services under fully subscribed, 15-year firm contracts. As you can see, NGT&S CEO, Chris Helms and his team continue to make significant progress in developing and delivering new energy infrastructure projects that will provide enhanced supply access to Eastern and Southeastern market areas. These ongoing infrastructure projects are and will continue to be a key contributor to NiSource's long-term growth plan. From an earnings standpoint gas transmission and storage operations reported operating earnings for the quarter of $111 million versus operating earnings of about $104 million in the first quarter of 2008. Net revenues were up by $11 million, primarily due to increases in firm capacity reservation fees and the impact of regulatory trackers. Equity earnings increased by $4.4 million as a result of the Millennium Pipeline being placed in service. Operating expenses at NGT&S increased by $8.7 million, due to higher employee and administrative expenses, environmental costs and regulatory trackers partially offset by lower outside service fees and materials and supplies. Last, but certainly not least, at our gas distribution unit we continue to see notable progress on our strategy of thinking regulatory and commercial initiatives with our investment based infrastructure enhancement initiatives. On March 27th, the Maryland Public Service Commission approved a unanimous settlement of Columbia Gas at Maryland's base rate case filed last year. The rate change, which went into effect on March 31, 2009, will increase annual revenues by approximately $1.2 million. Also in March, the Virginia State Corporation Commission approved Dominion Virginia Power Company's planned 580 megawatt Bear Garden power station in Buckingham County, Virginia. Columbia Gas, Virginia will supply natural gas transportation service to this facility, following an approximately $50 million expansion of its distribution system. The service which is scheduled to begin by the fall of 2010 represents an excellent investment opportunity for Columbia, Virginia. Just yesterday Columbia Gas of Ohio followed an application with the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio to defer pension and other post employment benefit expenses above those currently subject to collection and rates. A similar filing was made by Columbia Gas of Kentucky with the Kentucky Public Service Commission on April 23. Progress also continued on new rate proceedings at two of NiSource's gas distribution companies. Bay State Gas Company filed a petition with the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities on April 16th, seeking to increase total annual revenues by $34.6 million or 6.4 % increase. While Columbia Gas of Kentucky is on track to file for a base rate increase later today with Kentucky Public Service Commission. The details of the Kentucky filing will be announced in a separate release this afternoon. These proceedings will continue NiSource's collaborative approach towards regulatory proceedings. We remain committed to engage in stakeholders and addressing issues related to energy conservation, customer assistance and timely recover of increased pension expenses and ongoing infrastructure enhancement investments. Synchronizing our significant infrastructure replacement programs and enhancement projects, with thoughtful collaborative regulatory initiatives, such as those being undertaken in Massachusetts and Kentucky is a central feature to NiSource's long-term gas distribution business strategy. Building on last year successes in Ohio and Pennsylvania Gas Distribution CEO, Jimmy Staton and his team continue to make excellent progress in executing on that strategy. From an earnings standpoint, gas distribution operations reported operating earnings for the current quarter of $237.3 million compared to $255.6 million in the first quarter of 2008. Net revenues excluding the impact of regulatory trackers, increased $5 million, primarily attributable to regulatory and service programs including the impacts from rate cases of various utilities. These increases were partially offset by decreased customer usage and lower off system sales. Operating expenses again excluding trackers were $23.4 million, higher than the comparable period including increase of employee and administrative costs, uncollectible accounts, depreciation costs and outside services. I would note that as a result of rate design initiatives at a number of our gas distribution companies, we're beginning to see revenues become more balanced over the course of the year. We view this as a positive trend for our companies and for their customers. Shifting to other operations, we reported an operating earnings loss for the current quarter of $1.4 million compared with a loss of $0.5 million for the first quarter of 2008. The decrease was due to lower net revenues from commercial and industrial gas marketing activities. In terms of interest expenses, we saw a decrease of $1.3 million due to lower short-term interest rates and savings from $100 million of open market repurchases of debt in January of 2009. Those savings were partially offset by incremental interest expense associated with $700 million of debt issued in May of 2008 and a partial month of interest expense associated with the new $600 million of debt issued in March. Other than that was a loss of $4.2 million compared to a loss of $1.50 million in the first quarter of 2008, as a result of lower interest income. On a GAAP basis income from continuing operations for the quarter was $159.3 million or $0.58 per share compared with $189.5 million or $0.69 per share for 2008. Operating income was $348.3 million versus $394.9 million in the year ago period. First quarter 2009 GAAP results include a restructuring charge of approximately $20 million related to the restructuring of Columbia Gas Transmission and Storage operations. To wrap up, NiSource's overall financial performance for the quarter is consistent with our business plan, as I mentioned earlier in line with our outlook of net operating earnings in the range of $1 to $1.10 per share for 2009. Although we have much more to accomplish in a challenging environment in which to operate, I'm pleased with the solid progress of our team that our team is making in delivering on our aggressive game plan. Over the past 90 days we've taken big steps to maintain our solid liquidity position while continuing to advance our agenda of executing on our infrastructure programs, rate proceedings and pipeline and storage growth opportunities. These accomplishments served to underscore our continued commitment to preserving and executing on the core elements of our strategy for generating long-term, sustainable growth for NiSource and real value for our shareholders.  Now prior to opening the call to questions, I want to specifically reemphasize three key commitments. One, we remain committed to maintaining NiSource's investment grade credit ratings. Two, we remain committed to do maintaining NiSource's current dividend, and three, we don't plan on any large scale issuances of NiSource's common equity. I'd add that with aggressive thoughtful management we believe we can continue to honor all three of these commitments.  Finally, we remain committed to communicating with our investors in a transparent and timely manner regarding these and all of our efforts. Ongoing updates will be provided through our analyst calls and news releases posted on nisource.com. Thank you for participating today and for your continued interest and support of NiSource. At this time we'd like to open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold of Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: 
 :
Bob Skaggs: Yes. We can give you a sense if again the commissions would act favorably on those filings. The Kentucky positive impact would be $1 million or so. Again we are asking deferral from the beginning of the year until new rates go into effect and again you're aware that Columbia and Kentucky just is in the process of filing a rate case later today. For Columbia gas of Ohio again they've filed for a deferral retroactive back to the first of the year and in terms of pretax positive impact if the commission acted favorably and without modification, it would be about $15 million again pretax in 2009.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: That's the 2009 impact of a full year of the difference between what's in rates and what you are currently incurring.
Bob Skaggs: That's correct.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: What is the precedent like in the States is there anything like that?
Bob Skaggs: This would be ploughing new ground.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. One other question I had, you had $0.12 of negative interest expense for the year. It's kind of flat in the first quarter and I'm guessing that's partly because you have a bigger short-term debt balance in Q1, and rates on that were down. Given the financing you managed to achieve and the outcome of the tender offer is that $0.12 still a good estimate for the year or could that be a little on the conservative side?
Bob Skaggs: I would characterize that we are on budget. Interest expense for the year, Steve would you like to provide any additional color?
Steve Smith: Yes. I would totally agree with that, Bob. I think we should be able to manage interest expense within the confines of the guidance that we gave at the end of the year with respect to the dollar to $1.10. So we are currently anticipating that we will stay within that range.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: You still expect to have a $0.12 negative delta in interest for the year?
Steve Smith: Yes. That's correct.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. If I may just one last thing, there was in the adjustments from GAAP to non-GAAP you had $9 million I think revenue, revenue adjustment in the electric segment, which I'm guessing was like unbilled sales or something of that nature, but could you elaborate on what that is?
Bob Skaggs: It's effectively an adjustment of reserve for regulatory, commercial proceedings and activities at NIPSCO electric.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Meaning, I'm not sure if I know what that is.
Bob Skaggs: As you know, NIPSCO has many different relationships and many different cases and initiatives going on in Indiana with any number of parties. Now that adjustment reflects the current status of those discussions and interactions both commercial and regulatory.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. That was a negative for the quarter, is that correct?
Bob Skaggs: That's correct.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Barry Klein of Citigroup.
Barry Klein - Citigroup: For the gas you are putting into storage and the impact on working capital, what gas prices are you assuming for that gas going into storage?
Steve Smith: Thanks Barry. This is Steve. When we spoke earlier at year end we talked about our weighted-average cost of gas that we were anticipating in 2009. That was about $7.50 for gas and when we look at it currently today, it's closer to $4.50. So the gas rate card is about $3 lower than we were anticipating in February. We talked also in February about our rule of thumb with respect to $1 in gas prices and for every dollar in gas prices, higher or lower, it contributes about $50 million or so of working capital. So if you look at the slide that we put out for everyone on the sources and uses, the working capital increased from $250 million to $500 million and more than half of that increase is driven by the fact that we are seeing lower gas prices out in the market in terms of the storage refill. Again that level is around $4.50.
Operator: (Operator instructions). We have a question from the line of Mark Finn of T. Rowe Price
Mark Finn - T. Rowe Price: If you guys proceed down the NIPSCO rate case, we get intervener testimony coming up, I guess next week. What would be the steps if you were to engage in settlement talks? How would that proceed or what would be sort of a timeline or when could you engage. I guess, this is more of an observation, but I'm curious whether or not are you getting a sense that the Indiana Commission is taking notice of sort of the dramatic change that you guys have made to the culture of NiSource. I know Bob, you've been working hard in that regard in a lot of different jurisdictions. Indiana is the one that we haven't seen a lot out of yet, because there hasn't been a lot for them to rule on. I mean, we saw a little bit on the plant that you bought. I just would be curious about how you proceed on sort of rate case settlement discussions if that's possible and how you are perceiving sort of the commission's kind of observation or your relationship with the commission as we go into this? Thanks for any comments you can give.
Bob Skaggs: Yes. We will try to give you some color and insight. Let me answer first question about settlements. I see the opportunity to pursue this on two paths, and one path is clearly set forth and that's the litigation path and you're correct, intervener testimony is due early this month. The final hearing, evidentiary hearing is set for July, and then if you follow it up briefing and commission decision late this year, first quarter of 2010. The second path would be the settlement discussions. We hope that we are in a position to engage the parties in meaningful settlement discussions once we see their formal positions go on record, here the first week of May. So over the course of the summer we hope to engage, we hope that those discussions are fruitful. Having said that, we certainly anticipate that litigation path will continue to proceed, but again, we would go down both paths with vigor. Mark and others I think are familiar with our approach. We prefer to collaborate, settle with parties and we are certainly going to give that every effort and again I see it going down two paths. In terms of the commission, quite frankly, we are in a show me position or show them position. The record NIPSCO over the past 10, 15, 20 years has been quite frankly checkered. The commission I believe is giving us every opportunity to show ourselves relationship wise, and as parties to a major rate case is being constructive, forthcoming, transparent and alike, but they have challenged us to show them operationally, relationship wise and other wise that we are true to our word and that we will work with them and others in a constructive fashion. They have opened the door for that showing, and I think one hopeful piece of evidence that we are beginning to work better with the commission is the commissions ruling on our Sugar Creek facility. Number one to say that's part of the rate base as of the ends of last year and to grant deferral treatment of that. Mark, as you and others recognized that effectively collapsed a two-step rate case into one-step. So I don't mean to over read that, but I do think it is a bit of evidence that we continue to make progress. Having said that, it's an everyday process we need to show the commission and others that we are intent, true on a straight board and we mean what we say.
Mark Finn - T. Rowe Price: I understand. Can I ask one quick follow up on the gas pipeline side?
Bob Skaggs: Sure.
Mark Finn - T. Rowe Price: The recent pull down in natural gas prices to 350 or so, does that cause you guys to have to go back and sort of continually reassess the bolt-on opportunities that you have in the Marcellus and things like that. I'm just curious whether or not you're sort of continuously looking at that sort of every step of the way?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, we are continuously looking at. It is a very fluid situation. Having said that, we continue to see positive producer indications and activity in and around Marcellus. The pace may have slowed a bit but we are still seeing activity. I noted I believe its yesterday gas, daily where a Range Resources at a conference continued to have a very bullish statement about its activity in the Marcellus, particularly in their western Pennsylvania portion of the Marcellus where we are situated. We'll continue to be very measured, but we continue to see activity in the region.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carrie Saint Louis of Fidelity
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: I just wanted to congratulate you guys on the large steps with respect to liquidity this quarter. I think you guys acted both rapidly and responsibly and I appreciate that. Just wanted to kind of follow-up on a couple of future data points. So I didn't hear the number that you filed for with respect total financing on Sugar Creek. Did you say 200 million?
Bob Skaggs: That's 120 million, Carrie.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Okay, a 120 million.
Bob Skaggs: That's correct.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Then in prior quarterly discussion I think you said you have the opportunity to issue up to 350 at the operating companies. Is that still a good reasonable estimate?
Bob Skaggs: That's a good reasonable estimate. Yes, we are still working on filings in some of our other jurisdictions. Here in the second quarter you will probably see some more activity in Columbia Gas of Virginia. We're also looking at various opportunities in Pennsylvania and we also have the opportunity at the pipeline as well, if we decide we want to go that way.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity:  Do you think that with the upsized term loan and the robustness of the working capital forecast. Do you think that at this point you guys might be able to plug the funding gap strictly by using the [OPCO] financing vehicle?
Bob Skaggs: Yes. There's a high probability of that. I mean, when we look at 2010, we think probably somewhere up to $500 million would be what the need is in 2010. So we feel pretty comfortable with the subsidiary activities we have available to us here, and also potentially NiSource Finance Corp. issuance that will be able to deal with any liquidity needs that we would have in 2010, relative to the November 2010 maturity.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity:  I had seen in your slide that you had mentioned $100 million of open market purchases. Were those incremental open market debt purchases versus your prior release or is that inclusive of what you had done previously?
Bob Skaggs: That's inclusive of what we had done previously Carrie.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity:  I think maybe sometime in this quarter, I think it was IMP, Indiana Michigan Power received its rates treatment in Indiana?
Bob Skaggs: They had a settlement that was approved, Carrie, by the commission.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity:  Yes, I think it was about a 1075 ROE.
Bob Skaggs: That was the neighborhood, yes.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity:  Is there any parallels we can draw from that with respect to NIPSCO or how are you guys, how did you guys think about that?
Bob Skaggs: We considered it positive indicator on the commissions approach to the rate cases and the settlement. Hard to draw a lot of point on parallels to our case, again first case in 20 years, many, many more moving parts we believe in our case. So it was instructive, but hard to draw many parallels.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity:  Okay, but I guess the context that it was a settlement versus the fully litigated case was positive so it's a direct [all] settlement for you guys, right?
Bob Skaggs: Correct. Again we continue to regard Indiana as a bottom line regulatory environment and we think they proved that out again in the [I&M] case.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raymond Leung of Goldman Sachs
Raymond Leung - Goldman Sachs: Can you talk a little bit more about what's going on with the economy and have things sort of levelized of, like we're hearing a lot of other utilities talk about, March being sort of a point where we have sort of stopped seeing the declines, and sort of remind us what's embedded in your guidance for sales growth?
Bob Skaggs: Yes. Just at the most micro level it continues to be soft. Of course our service territory is that great industrial, manufacturing hard land and so it continues to be very soft. I don't believe I would consider March a turnaround month. If anything I would say that the rate of decline has slowed somewhat but it's still just very, very soft. I would just use as evidence of that if you look at any indicator be it unemployment, production, inventories, again all those numbers are extremely soft for the bulk of our market. I cited in the prepared remarks and the press release reflect, earnings release reflect that the sorts of softness we've seen particularly in the large industrial, smaller industrial markets, again upwards of 20% off at NIPSCO electric, the gas large industrials 5% to 10% off depending on what you're looking at. What market you are looking at for them again, year-over-year. In terms of our earnings outlook we provided in February and what we are reaffirming today, again I think what we've seen is consistent with the market activity. In certain spots it has been a little bit worse than we anticipated but still manageable. Our team has done a good job of mitigating the impacts with the reduction of discounts, the use of demand charges, moving to new agreements and the like. So we are again consistent with the outlook. I would give you one caveat that we again mentioned in the prepared remarks and I will continue to mention. We are going to watch the situation very carefully. Our outlook assumed a gradual recovery in large industrial, small industrial markets over the balance of the year, over the second half of the year. So that's a key sensitivity that we will continue to monitor and we will continue to bring you up to date on our views on that.
Raymond Leung - Goldman Sachs: With respect to the rate case, are there any key items of hurdle points that would maybe prohibit as settlements or is it, it's been so long since the rate case that this probably has to get fully litigated?
Bob Skaggs: Yes, one, it has been so long since the rates have been fully examined, so that's a key consideration. What we continue to believe and what we consistently said to you and others is that the cost allocation is you have costs or how rates are going to be, costs allocated and rates designed in this proceeding are in many respects the central feature of the case, and because you have such strong industrial interests, strong residential commercial consumer interest. That issue is device, it can be divisive and it will be we believe the single largest hurdle to resolving the case via settlement.
Raymond Leung - Goldman Sachs: Finally one last thing, with respect to the Sugar Creek financing, that you talked about the 120. What's the time line of that with the IURC is that the same as the rate case or is that on a different track?
Bob Skaggs: It's on a different track. It's a separate filing, hearing is at the end of this month.
Glen Kettering: June 30
Bob Skaggs: I'm getting help here, June 30 is the hearing on that and so traditionally or typically disposition of a financing application is handled a lot more expeditiously.
Raymond Leung - Goldman Sachs: Typically what about, hearings after a month, which is a month after that or so?
Bob Skaggs: [Hieman] is suggesting it's going to be 60 days after the hearing.
Operator: Thank you. There are no other questions at this time. I would like to hand the call to Bob Skaggs for closing remarks.
Bob Skaggs: Thank you all for your participation, your support, your recognition that the team over the past 90 days has made remarkable progress, both on our business initiatives, as well as improving and enhancing our liquidity position. So again, thank you for your interest and support and we will talk to you soon. Have a good weekend.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a great day

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Kettering – Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs Robert Skaggs, Jr. – President and CEO Stephen Smith – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Randy Hulen – Director of Investor Relations 
Analysts: Shneur Gershuni – UBS Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets Mark Caruso – Millennium Partners Faisel Khan – Citigroup Jonathan Arnold – Merrill Lynch Mark Finn – T. Rowe Price [Brad Raclinni – Fidelity] Steve Fleishman – Catapult Capital Robin Levine – JP Morgan Judd Arnold – King Street Natalie Petrie – Allstate Investments Raymond Lin – Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2008 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. My name is Erica (ph) and I’ll be you’re coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. We will be facilitating a question and answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator instructions) I will now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today, Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs.
Glen Kettering: Good morning to everyone on behalf of NiSource. I would like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer and Randy Hulen, Director of Investor Relations.  As you know, the focus of today’s call is to review NiSource’s fourth quarter and year end 2008 financial performance and provide a general business update. During the course of the call, we will be referring to certain supplemental materials which are available to those accessing our call via webcast and which have been posted on the NiSource Web site at www.nisource.com. Following Bob’s prepared remarks we will open the call to your questions. I would like to remind you that some of the statements made on this call will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is included in the Management Discussion and Analysis section of our periodic SEC filings. And now, I'll turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Thank you, Glen. Good morning. Thanks for joining us today as we report NiSource's fourth quarter and 2008 year end earnings, provide a summary of the progress we’re making on our balanced plan to enhance long-term shareholder value and update you on the positive concrete steps we’re taking to maintain NiSource’s financial flexibility in the current market environment. On this latter subject in particular, I know there’s a significant level of interest within the financial community and elsewhere and although I’ll discuss this in a bit more detail later in my remarks, I want to make a few key points at the outset. As our 2008 results attest, the NiSource team has demonstrated the ability to develop a disciplined, transparent plan and then execute against it. Looking to 2009, I can assure you that working with our Board of Directors we have a solid, detailed plan in place to effectively manage through the current environment, and as we execute the plan, which is happening as we speak, I’m confident that we’ll be successful in advancing our core business strategy, meeting the company’s financing needs and maintaining both our investment-grade credit ratings and our dividend. With that, let’s turn for a few minutes to 2008, which was a very solid year for NiSource. Across virtually every key dimension of our business our teams made excellent progress. We hit key financial and business targets and continued building a foundation for sustainable, investment-driven growth. Although it’s understandable that these achievements can be obscured somewhat by the challenging economic and financial conditions that we and other companies face, I believe that by almost any measure the progress our team made in 2008 was truly exceptional.  As you can see from today’s news release, NiSource delivered net operating earnings non-GAAP of $348.5 million or $1.27 per share. For the 12 months ended December 31, 2008, those results were in line with our 2008 guidance of $1.25 to $1.35 per share and compare with net operating earnings of $363.5 million or $1.33 per share for year end 2007. Our consolidated operating earnings, again non-GAAP, for 2008 were $917.5 million compared to $979.7 million in 2007. Please refer to Schedule 2 of our earnings release for reconciliation of GAAP operating income to operating earnings. For the fourth quarter of 2008, our net operating earnings were $126 million dollars or $0.46 per share compared with $111 million or $0.41 per share for the same period in 2007.  On a business segment basis, we continue to see solid core business results combined with high quality execution on a number of key initiatives.  In our gas distribution segment, NiSource teams advanced an extensive array of infrastructure enhancement programs, and complimentary regulatory and commercial initiatives. Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania achieved a unanimous $41.5 million rate case settlement, which became effective in late October. That case is synchronized with a $1.4 billion 20 year gas distribution replacement program.  Columbia Gas of Ohio received regulatory approval in December of its landmark rate case settlement that provides for an additional $47 million in annual-based revenues. That settlement also establishes an enhanced rate structure and provides new demand-side management and low income customer support programs. Notably, the settlement also contains a tracking mechanism that is closely linked with Columbia of Ohio’s $2 billion long-term infrastructure enhancement program. Columbia of Ohio also received approval costs associated with its three-year $150 million dollar riser replacement program. We also advanced our regulatory plans in Maryland where we expect resolution of a rate case in the second quarter of this year. And at Columbia Gas of Kentucky and Bay State Gas we’re moving forward with first quarter and second quarter rate case filings. Our gas distribution team also was active on the commercial front where we landed an agreement to serve Dominion’s planned 580-megawatt Bear Garden electric generating station in Virginia. From an earnings standpoint, gas distribution operations reported operating earnings of $326.9 million for 2008 compared to $345.2 million in 2007. Net revenues, excluding the impact of regulatory trackers, increased $25.7 million primarily attributable to regulatory and service programs, including impacts from rate cases. Operating expenses were somewhat higher year-over-year, reflecting increases in employee and administrative costs, depreciation costs and other taxes. Shifting to NiSource’s electric segment, our Indiana team made progress on a number of fronts as we continue to advance our plan to rebuild and reposition ourselves for the future. One of the most significant achievements was the acquisition of the $330 million 535-megawatt Sugar Creek combined cycle generating facility. As I’ve noted in past updates, the purchase of Sugar Creek was a key step in addressing NIPSCO’s near term generating capacity needs. As we’ve also reported, last year our NIPSCO team was successful in crafting an arrangement to dispatch the Sugar Creek facility into the Midwest Independent Transmission System Operator or MISO commencing December 1, 2008 thereby allowing the plant to begin directly serving NIPSCO’s nearly half a million electric customers. With Sugar Creek dispatching into MISO, NIPSCO amended it’s previously announced two-step electric base rate filing – the first in over 20 years I might add – to incorporate a more streamlined implementation proposal. Under the current proposal NIPSO is seeking a single-rate adjustment of almost 10% or about $85 million annually. On the procedural front hearings in the rate case began early last month and the proceeding is expected to be completed and new rates placed into effect late 2009 or early 2010.  We know that many of our stakeholders are keenly interested in the outcome of the NIPSCO rate case and we’ll certainly provide updates as we move through the year. Without question, successfully resolving the NIPSCO proceeding is one of the key priorities for me and the entire Indiana team in 2009. Lastly, I’d like to note that NIPSCO also filed a proposal to expand energy efficiency programs available to its electric customers. Among other approaches, these programs may take the form of direct load control programs, energy efficiency rebates and advanced metering. From an earnings standpoint, electric operations reported operating earnings of $220.2 million for 2008 compared with $283.1 million in 2007. Lower net revenues and higher operating expenses both contributed to the lower operating earnings.  Net revenues decreased by $21.6 million due to lower wholesale, residential and commercial margins and non-recoverable purchase power in MISO-related costs. These decreases were partially offset by incremental revenues from the new Sugar Creek plant, increased industrial margins and the impact from last year’s settlement relating to purchase power. Operating expenses were up $41.3 million due to higher employee and administrative costs, electric generation and maintenance expenses, including expenses associated with the Sugar Creek facility and higher depreciation costs. The higher depreciation costs included a one-time $8.3 million adjustment recorded by NIPSCO during the second quarter of this year. Shifting to NiSource’s gas transmission and storage or NGT&S segment, we continue to see good progress on our pipeline and storage strategy of developing new growth projects while maximizing value from our existing assets. NGT&S marked close of 2008 with the launch of the 182-mile millennium pipeline, jointly owned by units of NiSource, National Grid and DT Energy. Millennium immediately began playing a key role in meeting the energy needs of New York and the United States’ northeast.  NGT&S also increased overall systems throughput during 2008. We saw increased transportation deliveries on Columbia Gas Transmission from the first full year of hearty storage field operations, as well as incremental demand revenues from new interconnects along with Columbia Gulf and Columbia Gas Transmission Systems. NGT&S also renewed several key long-term contracts during 2008.  In terms of new growth projects, construction is continuing on the eastern market expansion. That project is slated to add nearly 100,000 dekatherms per day of fully subscribed storage and transportation services by this spring.  We also received Federal Energy Regulatory Commission or FERC approval for the construction of the fully subscribed Appalachian Expansion Project, which likewise will add 100,000 dekatherms per day of transportation capacity in the fourth quarter of 2009. And planning is continuing for the Ohio storage project which would add about 7 million dekatherms of storage capacity and 100,000 dekatherms per day of deliverability to the Columbia Gas Transmission System. We’re targeting 2009 in service on that project as well, pending FERC approval. We would also note that the NGT&S team is continuing to work on its inventory of projects designed to leverage our unparalleled pipeline and storage foot print in the Appalachian basins, Marcellus Shale development areas. One final note, as you might expect, the pace of pipeline project development has been affected by the recent economic downturn. Although we’re seeing some near-term softening in the development cycle, I’d emphasize that our NGT&S remains very active in the market and will be well-positioned to originate and advance new projects as market conditions improve. I’d be remiss if I didn’t also point out that our NGT&S notched an impressive year while confronting a series of unprecedented challenges, including hurricanes, massive flooding, and the catastrophic destruction of an entire mainline compressor station by a tornado. The response of our team to these challenges was truly exceptional.  Looking at the 2008 financial results gas transmission and storage operations delivered $376.7 million in operating earnings for 2008 up from $371.8 million for 2007. This increase was primarily from lower operating expenses which were down $4.1 million due to lower legal reserves and insurance costs, partially offset by higher employee and administrative expenses. Overall NGT&S net revenues were $2.1 million lower due to a $9 million legal settlement – the reduced net revenues in the fourth quarter of 2008. Excluding the settlement, net revenues were up due to increases in firm capacity reservation fees, higher Columbia Gas Transmission Storage revenues, new Appalachian supply interconnects and incremental revenue from transportation agreements on both Columbia Golf Transmission and Columbia Gas Transmission. Those revenue increases were partially offset by lower short-term transportation and storage services in commodity margins. Equity earnings were up $2.9 million due to increased earnings from Millennium Pipeline, partially offset by increased interest expense from Hardy Storage. Earnings in NiSource's other operations category for 2008 were $1.8 million, essentially flapped with prior year’s results. These results primarily include commercial and industrial gas marketing activities and they no longer include earnings associated with the Whiting Clean Energy Facility, which we sold to BP Alternative Energy last June. In our other items category, interest expense decreased by $27 million during 2008 due to lower short-term interest rates and credit facility fees and retirement late in 2007 of high-cost debt associated with the Whiting Facility.  Other net income of $0.9 million compared to a loss of $6.4 million last year due to lower cost related to the sell accounts receivable. The affective tax rate of net operating earnings for 2008 is 35.8% compared to the 2007 rate of 36.3%.  Before moving to a discussion of 2009, I put out additional steps we took during 2008 to strengthen NiSource's financial foundation by divesting certain non-strategic assets and addressing remaining legacy issues. In particular I'd highlight the sell of Northern Utilities and Granite State Gas Transmission to Unitel Corporation for about $200 million including working capital, the disposition of certain non-strategic Columbia Gulf assets in the Gulf of Mexico. As I mentioned earlier we also successfully completed the sell of the Whiting Clean Energy Facility to BP Alternative Energy for approximately $217 million including working capital.  And last but not least, we resolved the Tawney Class Action litigation, which involved natural gas royalty claims against Columbia Natural Resources, the former NiSource subsidiary. We also took important steps during 2008 to secure financing and strengthen NiSource's liquidity position. During the second quarter we successfully issued $700 million of senior unsecured debt at favorable rates. In September we supplemented our $1.5 billion revolving credit facility that extends to July 2011 with a new six-month $500 million credit facility. That facility helped ensure ample liquidity to accommodate the company's seasonal cash flow requirements and to provide near term funding flexibility related to the Tawney Settlement.  As mentioned in this mornings earnings releases, as of year-end 2008, approximately $750 million of aggregate credit capacity was available under these facilities. We also successfully refinanced approximately $250 million in NIPSCO Pollution Control Bonds in August 2008, and renewed a $200 million accounts receivable facility in December.  In terms of year-end liquidity as reflected on the cash flows statement, included is page 21 of today's earnings release, our net cash from operating activities for the 12 months into December 31, 2008 was $563.8 million, a decrease of nearly $200 million from year-end 2007. A number of working capital items contributed significantly to our ending cash flow balances for 2008, including higher average prices of gas, as well as the effective colder than normal weather in late 2008 on year-end receivable balances.  As we look forward to 2009, we expect the company's working capital requirements to return to more normal levels thereby materially enhancing our liquidity position. Turning now to our 2009 agenda, in a nutshell, our plan for 2009 is to proactively and aggressively address the issues created by the global, financial and economic downturn while continuing to advance our core business plan.  As I've mentioned in prior updates and again this morning, NiSource's executive team and the board of directors have been closely monitoring developments assessing potential impacts on our business and developing plans to effectively manage through this period. As you would expect, a key focal point relates to continue accessed credit markets on reasonable terms. We're also concentrating on the impacts of the economic decline on the industrial and other markets we serve, and increases in pension expense and funding requirements. Although these issues certainly aren't unique to NiSource, they represent a set of challenges that we need to and we will thoughtfully and proactively manage.  First and foremost maintaining financial flexibility and adequate liquidity is a key near-term priority and we developed a range of strategies to effectively address NiSource's liquidity needs. The combined effect of these initiatives has been to reduce the company's total projected 2009 financing requirements from nearly $1 billion to approximately $500 million.  These strategies include, reducing planned capital spending for 2009 from slightly in access of $1 billion to $800 million. I would refer you to slide 1 of the supplemental materials for a summary of our capital expenditures for 2008 and the breakdown of our planned expenditures for 2009. You'll note that our 2009 investments are split roughly evenly between growth or revenue-generating projects and maintenance projects. As I alluded to earlier, we also expect significantly reduced working capital requirements in 2009. These reductions are expected to generate at least $250 million in additional liquidity for the year. A reduction that quite frankly, that we regard as somewhat conservative. We've also repurchased about $33 million of the $450 million of debts scheduled to mature in November 2009, as well as $67 million of debt scheduled to mature in November 2010. And we're planning to adopt an expanded dividend reinvestment plan, which is expected to reduce cash requirements by $15 million to $20 million annually. I'd also note that while not reflected in our forecast, we're closely watching the process surrounding the Federal Stimulus Legislation. In particular, we estimate that the bonus depreciation measure, which was included in the Bill passed by the House and is included in the proposed Senate Bill would generate approximately $100 million of incremental cash for NiSource in 2009. I point out that the projected $500 million financial requirement for 2009 includes the refinancing of outstanding debts scheduled to mature in November 2009 and all payments associated with the Tawney Settlement. I would direct you to slide 2 of the supplemental materials for a summary of our sources and uses of funds for 2009. I'm pleased to report this morning that we're well along in meeting the $500 million financing requirement for 2009. First we plan to issue unsecured corporate debt in amount of up to $500 million. We already have commitments in hand from the syndicate of banks for the issuance of approximately $265 million in two-year term debt maturing in 2011. I'd add that this term debt is on attractive terms. The initial closing for this facility is targeted for later this month. The arrangement will include a so-called accordion feature pursuant to which additional banks can elect to participate through April of this year. We expect the facility will eventually be up to $350 million. We will of course provide you with details on the ultimate level of this facility in future updates. Second, we're working towards issuing up an aggregate of $350 million of additional secured and unsecured debt in a number of our utilities and at Columbia Gas Transmission. Based on these and other steps we're taking, I'm confident that we'll be successful in maintaining NiSource's financial flexibility and adequate liquidity going forward. With the steps we've taken and the measures in process, we're well on our way to meeting this year's financial requirements. At the same time, we're also actively focused on our 2010 financial requirements and we'll take advantage of market conditions to address those needs on an aggressive and opportunistic basis. We've undertaken a number of additional initiatives to mitigate the affect of the current economic downturn, including reducing new (inaudible) expenses, limited the hiring and replacement of employees, freezing base compensation for NiSource's senior executives, and postponing most exempt employee pay increases. Finally, let's shift to NiSource's 2009 earnings outlook. Slide 3 in the supplemental materials contains a high-level water vault chart showing key earnings drivers from 2008 to 2009.  You can see that the 2009 will be positively impacted by a number of items including increased revenue from customer growth and pipeline projects totaling $0.11 per share and favorable regulatory outcomes in Pennsylvania and Ohio which are expected to contribute about $0.16 per share. On the other side of the ledger, like many of our peers in the utility industry and indeed large employees in general, we're seeing a significant increase in pension expense due primarily to the deterioration in global securities markets. For 2009, pension expenses are expected to be about $100 million higher than they were in 2008, reducing forecasted earnings by $0.24 per share. I would add parenthetically that our pension asset performance historically has been quite strong and that we entered 2008 in a fully funded position. For 2008, our plan assumed asset performance of 9% while actual returns like those of many companies were down about a third. Yet another additional note, our regulatory teams are actively developing plans to assure appropriate treatment of these much higher pension numbers. Back to the waterfall chart, as a result of the Tawney settlement payments and other factors, we expect a year-over-year increase in interest expense of approximately $0.12 per share. Lastly, we expect that the economic downturn will negatively affect 2009 earnings by about $0.05 per share. Many increased property taxes and other costs will amount to about $0.08 per share. As a result of these factors, NiSource's net operating earnings, non-GAAP, are expecting to fall within in a range of $1.00 to $1.10 per share for 2009. One footnote, on a GAAP basis, the range for basic earnings per share for continuing operations is expected to be the same as net operating earnings. The decline in expected earnings from 2008 to 2009 effectively resets our earnings baseline and our path towards achieving long-term sustainable growth, something we remain committed to delivering for our many stakeholders. Having said that, and although we must deal with the reality of the one-two punch of increased pension expense and the pressures resulting from the weak economy items largely out of control, I'd hasten to add that our core business remains sound and our progress real. To that point, but for a few extraordinary items such as pension expense and interest associated with the Tawney settlement, we would be right on top of the three-year earnings trajectory that we shared with you in late 2007. So if anything, I'm even more convinced the NiSource's portfolio of low-risk regulated business can deliver 3% to 5% earnings growth over the long term. In closing, I would like to revisit a point I made at the beginning of my remarks. Although somewhat obscured by today's financial and economic conditions and the headwinds they present for the coming year, 2008 was indeed a strong year for NiSource. We executed against an aggressive highly visible plan in a tough environment. Going forward, we remain strongly committed to maintaining a solid financial foundation and to executing against our core business agenda of synchronizing infrastructure investments with appropriate regulatory and commercial activities. If we can do that, and I am confident we can do that, we'll generate long-term sustainable value for NiSource's shareholders. As always, we remain committed to communicating with our investors in a transparent and timely manner regarding these and all of our efforts. Ongoing updates will be provided through our analyst calls and news releases posted on nisource.com. Thank you for participating today and for your continued interest in and support of NiSource. At this point, Erica, I'd like to open the call up to questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Shneur Gershuni.
Shneur Gershuni – UBS:  Hi, good morning, guys.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Good morning.
Shneur Gershuni : How's the weather?
 UBS: How's the weather?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Frigid, it is absolutely frigid. And we had, as you know, a very, very cold January; and February has started like gangbusters.
Shneur Gershuni : Well that should help cash flow from operations for next year.
 UBS: Well that should help cash flow from operations for next year.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: That's right, and systems holding up well, so you're absolutely correct.
Shneur Gershuni : Okay, just have a couple of quick questions here. Thanks for putting out the slides that you put out this morning. I just wanted to reconcile some of the sources and so forth that you had put out. In your comments, you just described a potential $265 million facility with an accordion feature to $350, and then also talked about another $350 of secured and unsecured debt being raised at the utilities as well too. I guess that totals about $700 million. Where does that come in the sources? Is that part of the $500?
 UBS: Okay, just have a couple of quick questions here. Thanks for putting out the slides that you put out this morning. I just wanted to reconcile some of the sources and so forth that you had put out. In your comments, you just described a potential $265 million facility with an accordion feature to $350, and then also talked about another $350 of secured and unsecured debt being raised at the utilities as well too. I guess that totals about $700 million. Where does that come in the sources? Is that part of the $500?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: That's correct. And I would again footnote that the bank term loan that we discussed this morning, we do have firm commitments of $265 million. So again, those are firm and the expectation is that it will indeed expand to $350 million. But you're right; that as well as the unsecured and secured financing at the subsidiary level would be reflected in the $500 million.
Shneur Gershuni : If I'm reading this correctly, if you take everything off the way you'd like to, your sources is really not $1.7 billion but really could be as high as $1.9 billion?
 UBS: If I'm reading this correctly, if you take everything off the way you'd like to, your sources is really not $1.7 billion but really could be as high as $1.9 billion?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: It could be. And again what we said in the release and my prepared remarks, up to $500 million unsecured at the corporate, up to $350 at the subsidiaries. So we'll look at this as the situation unfolds. We're also mindful that we financing that would be required in 2010, and so we'll factor that into the calculus.
Shneur Gershuni : Great. You had mentioned in your prepared remarks with a fully funded pension plan and there had been some talk in the past about converting the plan to a 401k at some point. Where do you sit on your funding status right now? Do you pass the 94% test, and how does that impact plans in the future to convert it from a defined benefit to a 401k.
 UBS: Great. You had mentioned in your prepared remarks with a fully funded pension plan and there had been some talk in the past about converting the plan to a 401k at some point. Where do you sit on your funding status right now? Do you pass the 94% test, and how does that impact plans in the future to convert it from a defined benefit to a 401k.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Let me start with the last part of the question and then I'm going to ask Steve Smith, our Chief Financial Officer, to talk in a little bit more detail, give you a little bit more flavor about the pension fund and where it stands. We've not announced any plans to convert from a defined pension plan to a 401k plan at this point. Like every other company in the United States, we continue to look at our pension benefits. We're committed to ensuring our employees have competitive wages and benefits, so we've not moved in that direction at this point, but we continue to review everything very, very closely. So with that, Steve, maybe you can provide a little bit more color and flavor on our pension fund. 
Stephen Smith:  Right, thanks, Bob. I'd also point out that we're moving to 100% cash balance post 2010 on our baseline pension. Our PBO estimated at the end of 2008 is around $2.1 billion and our current funding balance is estimated around $1.5 billion. So we're around 70% funded, and we target by the end of the year through our funding requirements that we calculate with the help of our actuaries that we'll be shooting for over 80% funded by the end of the year.
Shneur Gershuni : Does that require you to make a contribution to the fund this year?
 UBS: Does that require you to make a contribution to the fund this year?
Stephen Smith: That's correct. We're anticipating about $100 million of funding requirement for the pension plan, which is included in the slides that we showed you for the sources and uses of cash for 2009. So $100 million is what we estimate we will contribute for 2009 to get our pension over 80% funded. 
Shneur Gershuni : Right, and this is separate from the pension expense that you're taking. You're just amortizing the difference, right?
 UBS: Right, and this is separate from the pension expense that you're taking. You're just amortizing the difference, right?
Stephen Smith: Right, there are two aspects to the pension. One is the expense piece which Bob mentioned in the earnings waterfall and the delta between 2008 and 2009 is approximately $100 million or (inaudible) per share. There's also a funding piece which expected to be $100 million in 2009.
Shneur Gershuni : Great, thank you for the clarity. If I could just ask one last question; given the economic environment right now, if you can talk a little bit about bad debt expense trackers and so forth, given that we've got heating bills coming and people without money and so forth.
 UBS: Great, thank you for the clarity. If I could just ask one last question; given the economic environment right now, if you can talk a little bit about bad debt expense trackers and so forth, given that we've got heating bills coming and people without money and so forth.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Yes, very good question; and just a couple of overview comments and then a little bit more detail. Number one, even others are probably aware that we do have a bad debt tracking mechanism in Ohio. We also have a form of tracking mechanism in Pennsylvania for so-called customer assistance payments and programs. We also have an array of low-income programs to help our challenged customers in dealing with their bills. And I'd also note that the LIHEE program (ph) is funded in excess of $5 billion, so that's also a source for helping our customers manage these bills. We have seen some upward pressure on uncollectibles over the past 12 months or so, but quite frankly it has been at a manageable level. It has not been a spike like we saw back in 2005. And again there's a bit of pressure, but it's a pressure that we believe is manageable in the current environment.
Shneur Gershuni : Great, thank you very much
 UBS: Great, thank you very much
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst from BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Good morning, Carl.
Stephen Smith: Good morning.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Actually two questions off of Shneur, I just want to make sure I'm understanding this correctly. First on the financing, with respect to the verbiage of looking to issue unsecured corporate debt up to $500 million; that is inclusive of this two-year facility that we're negotiating right now?
Stephen Smith: That is correct.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: So if we're then looking at the $350 million of secured/unsecured – I'm not looking to parse words here, but should we be thinking about that as $150 in unsecured and $200 in senior mortgage bonds or just if $350 is done, we only really need $150 more left to do for the charts?
Stephen Smith: It would be the latter, Carl. Our requirement for 2009 is $500 million. We're already $265 million towards our way there and we anticipate getting up to $350 million out of this bank term loan that we've got in hand. So that would leave $150 million of additional financing required for the balance of 2009 to deal with our maturity in November of 2009 of approximately $415 million that we have paid back, and bought back some of that, so it's closer to $430 million; and that would also include the amounts required for Tawney.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Great, I appreciate the clarification.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Carl, just a little bit of editorial; obviously we're still focused on 2010, and we'll be watching conditions very, very closely to see where we might opportunistically act on 2010. So we think this bank term loan, to say the obvious, goes a long, long way in addressing the need. We think it also provides flexibility. You use the other tools opportunistically to deal with the balance of 2009 and 2010.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Bob, Stephen, can you say is that is going to be floating fixed?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Yes, I'm glad you asked that. I mentioned in the prepared remarks attractive terms, and the all-in cost of the facility is about 6%. (Inaudible)
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: That's much better than your debt.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.:   You know, your silence was disconcerting. I didn't know if you were still there or what.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: No, that's just a smile.
Stephen Smith: We're very pleased with the terms.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Moving back to the pension, a few things here; one, I did not catch the numbers, Steve, you threw out as far as the year-ending assets and PBO, if you could reiterate that both on the pension as well as if you have it for the welfare plan.
Stephen Smith: I don't have it for the welfare plans off the top of my head, but we can certainly get that for you. With respect to the base pension, our PBO is estimated to be around $2.1 billion at the end of '08 and our total funded balance is estimated around $1.5 billion. So that puts us about 70% funded.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, that's much different than last year, right?
Stephen Smith: Yes. Last year, we were essentially fully funded.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: And I'll follow-up with the welfare. This is the last question, then I'll jump back in queue. Looking at NIPSCO and understanding we've got the rate filing underway and it's a 2007 test year, and you look at the difference between an electric utility the 2007 and 2008 EBIT line, and recognizing 2009's going to be even more of a challenge, did there get to be a point where it becomes unpalatable enough that you're almost pancaking a rate filing right after the current one is resolved?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: I think it's premature to get to that point. I would just add that we feel good where the case is currently positioned. As you know, we're in hearings. We certainly believe that bringing Sugar Creek into MISO helps the outlook for the case. So we're not uncomfortable where the case stands at this point. If anything, I'd say it's consistent with our general outlook for the case. Clearly industrial volumes will be under pressure. Clearly we have a dated number for pension expense. And so those things could indicate the need for another case at some point, but we're nowhere near that point as we stand here today, Carl.
Carl Kirst – BMO Capital Markets: Appreciate the thoughts, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Finn from T. Rowe Price. 
Mark Finn – T. Rowe Price:  Hi, guys.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Hi, Mark.
Mark Finn – T. Rowe Price:  Thanks for all your hard work.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: We appreciate that. Thank you.
Stephen Smith: Thank you.
Mark Finn – T. Rowe Price:  I just wanted to go into three separate items. In the past, you mentioned that you may be thinking about doing some budget billing initiatives as things go forward.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Yes.
Mark Finn – T. Rowe Price:  Is there potential there and could you elaborate on that a little bit?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Yes. With regard to working capital in general, we have a host of strategies, host of tactics the team is pursuing to manage cash working capital. As you and other recognize, the drop in gas prices in a huge help to cash and cash working capital, but very much related to that is appropriate management of our gas cost recovery mechanisms, proper management of our monthly and budget billing to get those more in sync with gas prices and to assure that we minimize under collections. And so Jimmy Staton and Eileen Odum and the gas team are working diligently to ensure that they optimize all of those. So not only budget billing but the whole array of gas cost management techniques, the team is trying to pull those levers. And as you know, they've had success in the past managing things of that nature.
Mark Finn – T. Rowe Price:  In your assumptions regarding your working capital, what did you guys assume as the cost of gas injection for the spring/summer? What sort of gas price are you thinking about there?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Yes, I appreciate the question.
Stephen Smith: Yes, thanks, Mark. This is Steve. With respect to 2008, our weighted average cost of gas was around the $10.50 level per MCF. And if you look at our forward-thinking with respect to 2009, its closer to the $7.50 level per MCF, so a benefit of about $3.00 per MCF. I would point out though –
Mark Finn – T. Rowe Price:  But currently the strip's quite a bit lower, right?
Stephen Smith: Right, I was just going to mention that. The strip is closer to $6.50, so that would provide additional benefit to us with respect to our working capital contribution to the balance of 2009.
Mark Finn – T. Rowe Price:  And then one last thing, you guys have, when you’ve been building this storage up and around the region of the Marcellus Shale, you guys own the mineral rights to some property in and around your storages, is that correct?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: That's correct. It is, and we have been evaluating those positions. Certainly one of the options that we've been considering is monetizing those positions. And Chris Helms and team continue to work on that as a potential opportunity.
Mark Finn – T. Rowe Price:  Have you guys disclosed the rough acreage that you have? I can't recall whether I saw –
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: No, we have not disclosed that, Mark, to this point.
Mark Finn – T. Rowe Price:  Okay. All right, thanks a lot, guys. Thanks again for your hard work; a lot of progress.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Thank you. Yes, again we feel very good about the progress the team has made in relatively short order. And we again believe that we have enhanced flexibility.
Mark Finn – T. Rowe Price:  Great, thanks. Bye.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan – Citigroup.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: On – I just want to make sure I understand the sources and uses. So what would be the ending liquidity at year-end '09 given sources and uses and given your anticipated (inaudible)?
Glen Kettering: I think in terms of our facility – our primary liquidity facility – the $81.5 billion that we have in place through July 2011 –
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Right.
Glen Kettering: – probably be around a $1 billion borrowed.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: And again, that's going to largely track gas in inventory at year-end.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: All right. Okay.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: That's what drops that number and it peaks out November and begins to decline thereafter. 
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Right. So by December '09 you guys would expect to have half a billion dollars of ending liquidity.
Glen Kettering: Or thereabouts, yes.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Yes, thereabouts. 
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay.
Glen Kettering: And just to point out, we haven't included that in sources and uses. We believe we have adequate liquidity to manage that through our primary revolver. So we haven't included that in the bar charts we showed you.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: And you think that that's enough, or do you want to try to maybe add a little bit more to that ending liquidity just to give yourself a little bit of insurance?
Glen Kettering: We believe that we're in good shape at that level. I'll remind you that one of the primary reasons for the six-month facility that we entered into in September of last year, was specifically designed to deal with Tawney. At the time we entered into it in September, we did not know whether or not we were going to be successful in achieving a settlement with Tawney and the amounts that could have potentially been required to be paid were approaching $450 million.  So we wanted to create enough flexibility through this six-month facility to deal primarily with the Tawney issue. So with that behind us, we feel we're in an adequate position with out existing working capital facility.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Can you run through what the restricted cash on the balance sheet is worth at the end of the year?
Glen Kettering: That's largely for the marketing activities at TPC.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: A TPC margin.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup:  Okay, got you. And then in terms of when you guys repurchased some of the debt outstanding more recently, did your repurchasing at – were you purchasing at market prices or did you have to purchase at par?
Glen Kettering: No. We purchased it at market prices and at which were below par. 
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay. Okay, got you. And in terms of the (inaudible) expense of $0.24, assuming that the plan assets over the next – call it two years – returns back up to 100% funded due to better market conditions, would that $0.24 completely unwind over time?
Glen Kettering: Well it's a function of a number of items that we work with the actuaries on every year and recalculate what we believe the funding requirements will be and what the expense impacts will be relative to performance in the market and are based on our assumptions of what we think the plan assets are going to return over the balance of the year. Historically, we assume 9% return on plan assets. Going forward we're assuming 8.75% return on assets for 2009. So if the market does substantially better than that, it will favorably impact the actuarial calculations that come up with your expense for 2010. If the market does significantly worse than that, that would also have a negative impact on the actuarial calculations for 2010.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Faisel, as you know that I noted in my prepared remarks, (inaudible) teams are busy addressing this issue.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Do you think you'll be able to get recovery of some of these – of some of this higher pension expense?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Well we certainly believe that these costs are recoverable. They've historically been recoverable. They're clearly God's (ph) prudent and reasonable. And so we believe ultimately again, it's going to be a question of timing and how you affect the recovery. I've mentioned that a Bay State we do track pension expense. And also mentioned again this morning, that we're in the process of developing another rate case in Bay State and in Kentucky.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay, got you. And then in terms of your storage levels right now for the utilities, where do you guys stand right now for storage?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Yes, our storage remains in good shape. As you know, we manage it very carefully. We tend to husband it for late season peaks and we're within the storage guidelines and tariffs that our upstream pipeline suppliers require and we're in good shape at this point.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay. Is there a way that you can gage 50% full, 40% full, anything like that, or is that something you just –
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Yes. Well I can get those numbers and Randy certainly can provide those, but I'm not – I can't recall where we're at on the curve. We typically plan for February peak.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay, great. Thanks, guys, I appreciate it. Bye.
Glen Kettering: Thank you, Faisel.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold – Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold – Merrill Lynch: I had a quick question on the interest expense component of your guidance of $0.12 for negative impact. What kind of – does that assume this 6% financing cost on the new facility for example, or something more conservative than that and what are the other – broadly, what are the other factors pushing that up, considering that you're probably going to have less borrowings outstanding, as you pointed out, on the (inaudible) facilities?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: A very good question. It does reflect the pricing that we suggested earlier. So about all in 6%, we've assumed about $350 million facility. We've also assumed, as you would expect, additional financings in the year. Again, consistent with what we laid out this morning. And again, those rates were higher than what we have embedded in the earned capital structure.
Glen Kettering: And I'd also point out that last year in May we issued approximately $700 million of debt, and so what you're going to see in 2009 is the full-year run rate for that debt issuance and you didn't see the full-year run rate in 2008, because it was issued in May. 
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Yes. The higher on the pollution control bonds – another example.
Glen Kettering: Right. So those two, three items are the primary drivers behind the increase of $0.12 in interest expense year-over-year.
Jonathan Arnold – Merrill Lynch: Okay. But I don't – I think you mentioned that you thought you had about 500 million of capacity under the revolvers available by year-end.
Glen Kettering: That's correct.
Jonathan Arnold – Merrill Lynch:  That was based on an assumption of injections that are around the $7 level?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: That's correct.
Jonathan Arnold – Merrill Lynch: I mean, if we kind of moved that more to a market level of where these injections might cover and how much higher could that number be based off current market?
Glen Kettering: Well it depends on a lot of factors, Jonathan, but kind of a rule of thumb we have is that for every dollar increase or decrease in the weigh cog over the balance of the year, it can generate to the extent of if it's a dollar lower, approximately $50 million of working capital benefit. To the extent it's a dollar higher, it would be a use of an incremental $50 million. So that's kind of a rule of thumb we have. But again, I'll caveat that with there are a lot of ins and outs associated with that calculation.
Jonathan Arnold – Merrill Lynch:  Thank you. On the regulatory initiatives item you already have, I guess that's mainly the cases that were resolved in 2008, and I missed the prepared remarks, so my recollection is that the NIPSCO rate case was going to get resolved sometime between in the fall and spring of 2010. So have made an assumption of any new rates of NIPSCO in this guidance?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: No. Again, we've assumed consistent with what you just mentioned, late 2009 resolution, or first quarter of 2010.
Jonathan Arnold – Merrill Lynch:  So there's not a kind of up or down in these numbers for NIPSCO?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: That's correct.
Glen Kettering: And with respect to the $0.16 that Bob spoke of in the waterfall for EPS, of that $0.16 approximately $0.06 is related to the Pennsylvania rate outcome in 2008, and approximately $0.10 is related to the Ohio outcome, which was finalized in December of '08.
Jonathan Arnold – Merrill Lynch: And finally, if I could just ask one more. Obviously, with the earnings level we're talking about this year we're going to get to a pretty high dividend payout ratio. How should we – was there some hope that you can recover some of the earnings pressures like pension as we move forward – so how should we think about the dividend timing of when you’ll next deliberate on it and in that context?
Stephen Smith: We remain committed to the current dividend level. We certainly feel like we can support it and as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we believe the business supports a growth rate of 3% to 5% and again we believe that the overall business supports the current dividend.
Jonathan Arnold – Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much, guys
Glen Kettering: Thank you.
Stephen Smith: Thank you, Jonathan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brad Raclinni (ph) from Fidelity.
[Brad Raclinni – Fidelity]: Hey, good morning, guys.
Glen Kettering: Good morning.
Stephen Smith : Good morning.
[Brad Raclinni – Fidelity]: I appreciate all the details you guys provided today on how you’re going to address liquidity in ’09, but I was just wondering if you’ve already shared these plans with S&P because it seems like if you do execute on these it would alleviate some of their concerns and stabilize possible your rating.
Glen Kettering: Great question. Again, we appreciate the comments about the clarity in the information. We’re glad it’s useful. We’ve been in more or less constant communication with Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s and Fitch and to answer your question directly, yes we have shared these plans as well as a six year financial plan with all three of the agencies. So like you we’re hope that they will receive this as a positive. They clearly are watching execution and we’ll leave it to them to discuss their views of the current situation, but we’ve been in very, very close communication with them.
[Brad Raclinni – Fidelity]: Okay, and on the $350 million (inaudible) issuances or possibility thereof, I just wondered if you could provide a little bit more color on possibly the timing you could see those and also what is the total debt capacity you could see at some of these subs?
Glen Kettering: We are working on a variety of issues with regard to the subs. Clearly we need to go through the process of indentures. We’re going to have to obtain regulatory approvals in all cases, but for the pipe one, so we need to do quite a bit of work and we’ve been doing that work since last year. Second quarter, late second quarter we’d be in a position, we believe, to move forward on these in a more formal way, so that’s the directional timing of when we would go about this. In terms of capacity, I’m going to defer to Steve on that and ask him to provide a comment or color around that. 
Stephen Smith: Yes, with respect to secured financing we believe that we have up to $350 million of capacity across our utilities and the pipeline.
[Brad Raclinni – Fidelity]: Okay. Sorry.
Stephen Smith : So as a rule of thumb, we believe we could issue up to $350 million of secured financing.
[Brad Raclinni – Fidelity]: Okay so it would be through a handful of smaller deals?
Stephen Smith : That’s correct, yes.
[Brad Raclinni – Fidelity]: Okay. And the last question I want to touch upon is the $800 in CapEx. I’m just wondering if that for our model’s sake if we can assume that can be a good run rate for the next few years or how do you guys think about that for the next couple of years.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Yeah, we believe that it’s a representative run rate for the next couple of years. I’d say we’re going to continue to evaluate that very, very carefully in light of liquidity, financial flexibility and also the general economic conditions that we’re in. So we think that’s a reasonable assumption.
[Brad Raclinni – Fidelity]: Great. Thanks, guys.
Glen Kettering: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Catapult Capital. 
Steve Fleishman – Catapult Capital: Hi, guys.
Glen Kettering: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman – Catapult Capital: Hi. You know I think pretty much my questions were answered. I guess the one thing – this was kind of asked – but I wanted to clarify. It seems like a lot of the issues that are pressuring 2009 are issues that are recoverable in rates, ultimately – such as pension in particular. And so it would be helpful to get a little better path of your plan on how to do that. It’s not like you’re a merchant company that doesn’t have a way to recover your cost of service.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: We certainly agree and I did touch on it a bit in a prior response. We believe that the pension expenses cash contributions are recoverable. We certainly have a good track record on recovering those sorts of costs. We see no reason why they shouldn’t be recovered in a timely manner.  As you can appreciate though, Steve, it is literally a state-by-state review and a state-by-state process and so the teams are carefully thinking through how best to approach it in each of the jurisdictions and again it is case-by-case and we just completed a couple of large cases so we’ve got to again think very carefully about how we approach this, but as you would expect the teams do have a sense of urgency. They understand the pressures that this is presenting and they’re going to go at it in an aggressive but disciplined fashion.
Steve Fleishman – Catapult Capital: Great. Thank you.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Levine from JP Morgan.
Robin Levine – JP Morgan: A lot of my questions have been answered already but I just have a few things I want to clarify.
Glen Kettering: All right.
Robin Levine – JP Morgan: The two year term loan, that’s on a fully unsecured basis?
Glen Kettering: That’s correct.
Robin Levine – JP Morgan:
 :
Glen Kettering: That’s correct.
Robin Levine – JP Morgan: Okay now in terms of your ratings, you mentioned you’ve been in constant communication with them. Does adding secured debt at the subsidiaries here – at what level does that begin to jeopardize your ratings?
Glen Kettering: We don’t believe that this level puts any pressure on the ratings. We certainly haven’t had any indication of that and again this is a relatively modest level of financing at the subsidiary so the term structural subordination has not really been mentioned to us and we feel relatively comfortable at this level.
Robin Levine – JP Morgan: Is that $350 million capacity that you mentioned before, is that a guideline set by the agencies?
Glen Kettering: No.
Robin Levine – JP Morgan:  Okay. Thank you.
Glen Kettering: In fact, I do believe there’s a bit of a split of opinion on the agencies about subsidiary financing whether it really does constitute structural subordination or not. So there’s not a bright line that we’re aware of.
Robin Levine – JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judd Arnold from King Street.
Judd Arnold – King Street: Hi. Just more on the rating agencies – S&P, I believe, laid out the FFO to total debt metric that they were really focused on and from what you’ve laid out I don’t think any of that really improves FFO or total debt. Could you just talk a little bit about that, if I’m understanding that wrong?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Well again the agencies have been looking at projections that we provide for some time, so they’re looking at a bit of a different data set because they’ve had the benefit of looking at long-term plans that provide a lot of detail. And again in our discussions, our impression was that they viewed this current approach as being an overall improvement and being responsive to the concerns that they’ve laid out in their published reports. Again, they’re going to have to speak to the current situation but our impression has been that they considered this responsive and a step in the correct direction.
Judd Arnold – King Street: Okay. And then on the $350 million capacity is the bound the secure debt carve out of 10% of net tangible assets or is there another bound that you’re referencing to get the $350 million to capacity?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: I mean that’s a complicated calculation obviously, but just a quick answer would be that we have room under that cap test of 10%.
Judd Arnold – King Street: Right. I guess what I’m getting at is say we get to 2010 and you’ve got the billion dollars at maturity, assuming you don’t have the rating agencies just saying to you if you do this we’re going to downgrade you. Excluding that event, without your indentures do you have the ability to refinance the entire billion and make that secured debt?
Glen Kettering: I would say that’s a bit of a stretch to do the whole billion dollars on a secured basis. But we have lots of tools available to us other than secured debt as well – private placement, unsecured.
Stephen Smith : I was just going to inject that as well. We believe that we have a broad array of tools to use. Again we feel like the announcement today is a significant step forward and demonstrates that we have access and have flexibility and as conditions unfold we’re going to use that flexibility to address this in a thoughtful way.
Glen Kettering: Yes, and I would also point out that with respect to the billion dollar maturity in 2009, based on the purchases of debt, it’s $933 million that will be maturing, 2010, sorry.
Judd Arnold – King Street:   Perfect, Okay, thank you very much.
Glen Kettering:  Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Natalie Petrie from Allstate Investments.
Natalie Petrie – Allstate Investments:  Hi guys, how are you? Most of my questions have been answered on the call, but I just have a few follow-ups, does the (ph) that you’re talking about, the $350 million that you’re talking about, that’s at NiSource Finance correct?
Glen Kettering:  That’s correct.
Natalie Petrie – Allstate Investments: That would be the issuer, and then with respect to issuing at this (ph) will you then lend those proceeds to the parent via cash sweep, or will that be kept down at the (ph)?
Glen Kettering: It will be kept primarily down at the (ph). 
Natalie Petrie – Allstate Investments:  Okay, and then just to clarify because if says here that the (ph) will be at a number of utilities in Columbia Gas Transmission, I mean do you think NIPSCO’s the leader other (ph) or is it just spread across all the other LDCs?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.:  I think its spread pretty evenly across all of the LCSs Natalie.
Natalie Petrie – Allstate Investments:  So would you hitting the private placement market for these, or would you just give them the small deal size?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.:  Potentially yes, that’s one of the options we have open to us and we’ve been exploring those opportunities in parallel. 
Natalie Petrie – Allstate Investments: Okay.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: As we move forward.
Natalie Petrie – Allstate Investments: Okay, and then I know you mentioned that possibly when someone asks a question regarding pensions that you’re possibly preparing rate cases for base state in Kentucky. Outside of NIPSCO you’re pretty much done with rate cases though right? The larger rate cases you’ve been looking for?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: That, generally speaking that’s correct, we did mention and we’ve mentioned consistently that in Pennsylvania we’ve been working on legislation, would enable tracking mechanism for infrastructure investments, and that if legislation was not in acted, we would be carefully considering yet another case in Pennsylvania. 
Natalie Petrie – Allstate Investments: Okay, and then still there’s no D coupling in any of your LDCs right?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Well, a significant move in Ohio to what’s called levelized rate making over a two year – or levelized rate structure over a two year period in Ohio. So that was a significant part of the settlement resolution, we just structured in Ohio.
Natalie Petrie – Allstate Investments: Okay, so that does have some rate design to it, Okay.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Yes, very much so and again Randy can provide you details on that significant movement there. In Massachusetts, commission has been actively considering decoupling rate design proposals. We will be following in base state during the second quarter, and as you expect we will address rate design in Massachusetts. And in Pennsylvania the last settlement that we had there, the most recent one we had in Pennsylvania, a significant amount of that increase was reflected in the customer charge, so in a form, rate design, decoupling, how ever you might want to characterize it Natalie was reflected in Pennsylvania. And I’m sorry to be kind of jumping all over the board, our prior rate case in Kentucky, the entire increase was also reflected in the customer charge, and again that rate case which will be filed at the end of the first quarter will be talking once again about rate design.
Natalie Petrie – Allstate Investments: Okay, alright thank you so much.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raymond Lin from Goldman Sachs.
Raymond Lin – Goldman Sachs: Alright, thank you, most of my questions have been answered you know particularly related to (ph), but a couple of things to tie up. In terms of the half-a-billion dollar bank line that expired in March, is that your assumption that that goes away at the end, or do you?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: That’s correct.
Raymond Lin – Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then the other thing is if you could elaborate a little more is you know, particularly industrial road. I know you do have you know exposure to steel sector, can you talk a little bit about what you’re hearing from them and maybe provide us a little bit more color? What’s going on there particularly as I recall I think some of the steel mills there are more state of the art, or more recent vintage if my memory recalls, if my recollection is good?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Yes, your recollection is good, the North West Indiana steel facilities generally speaking are competitively well positioned back to your point, so we think they will compete and will compete favorably. Have said that, as you’ve read and seen, fourth quarter, those plans (inaudible) back significantly, we expect them to remain at low levels throughout at least the first half of 2009. So our outlook does reflect much lower demand on the industrial side, even on the gas side we’re showing reduced volumes. We are mitigating some of the reduced volumes with higher rates, higher margins both on the gas and the electric side.
Raymond Lin – Goldman Sachs: Okay and what’s imbedded in your outlook for 09 in terms of demand from the industrial side?
Robert Skaggs, Jr.: Just generally speaking again, you almost have to go company by company and industry by industry at least a 10% to 20% reduction in volumes. 
Raymond Lin – Goldman Sachs: Okay, great thank you.
Operator:  This concludes the question and answer portion of the call; I would now like to turn it over to Mr. Bob Skaggs for closing remarks.
Robert Skaggs, Jr.:  Thanks very much Erica and thanks to everyone that participated in this mornings call. We certainly appreciate the interest, we hope that the call was helpful, provided additional clarity. We certainly believe we’ve made significant progress in insuring that we have adequate liquidity and financial flexibility. So, once again thank you for your participation, your ongoing interest and have a good day, thank you.
Operator:  Thank you for your participation in today’s call, since this concludes the presentation you may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen L. Kettering - Sr. VP, Corporate Affairs Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and CEO
Analysts: Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Elvira Scotto - Banc of America Securities Mark Caruso - Millennium Partners Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Faisel Khan - Citigroup
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2008 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. My name is Erika and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. You may proceed sir.
Glen L. Kettering - Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs: Thank you, Erika and good morning to everyone. On behalf of NiSource, I'd like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. We appreciate the opportunity to be with you today and thank you for taking the time to join us. Here this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Smith, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hulen, Director of Investor Relations. As you know, the focus of today's call is to review our third quarter 2008 financial performance and provide a business update. We will then open the call to your questions. I would like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is included in the Management's Discussion and Analysis section of our 2008 second quarter 10-Q, which was filed with the SEC on August the 4th. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Glen. Good morning. Thanks for joining us today as we report NiSource's third quarter earnings and provide an update on the progress we're making on our balance plan to deliver long-term sustainable growth. At the outset, I have to note the outstanding progress our team is continuing to make in executing on our business strategy, despite unprecedented turmoil and volatility in the financial markets and the challenging economic environment. This quarter has indeed been a time of notable execution by our team. Enhancing shareholder value through disciplined investment-driven earnings growth continues to be the foundation of NiSource's balance business plan. As noted in our earnings release, and as a direct result of our team's continued success in executing our business plan, NiSource remains on track to achieve 2008 financial results that are within the lower end of the range of $1.25 to $1.35 per share net operating earnings outlook, non-GAAP. In a few moments, I'll speak to some of the steps we've taken to maintain and strengthen our liquidity position. I'll also discus some of the potential near-term earnings pressures we may need to manage as a result of these very challenging economic conditions. But first, I'd like to review NiSource's third quarter results and highlight some key accomplishments across each of our business segments as we execute on NiSource's path forward strategy. As noted in our earnings release, NiSource reported net operating earnings of $9.3 million or $0.03 per share from continuing operations, non-GAAP, for the three months ended September 30. That compares to net operating earnings of $18.9 million or $0.07 per share for the same period in 2007. During the quarter, net operating earnings were affected by higher operating expenses largely related to NiSource's infrastructure expansion and enhancement strategies, increased electric generation and non-recoverable purchased power expense, as well as decreased optimization revenues caused by lower gas market volatility. These impacts were primarily offset by lower interest expense and income taxes. On a GAAP basis, we reported income from continuing operations for the quarter of $32.6 million or $0.12 per share. That compares with $7.9 million or $0.03 per share in the same a year ago. Operating income was $107.9 million for the quarter compared with $109.5 million a year ago. As noted in our earnings release, the increase in GAAP income from continuing operations resulted primarily from the sale of an equity interest in a small railroad company and a reduction in deferred income tax liability and income tax expense related to tax legislation enacted in Massachusetts in July 2008. As a reminder, we focus on net operating earnings and operating earnings both non-GAAP measures. For reconciliation of net operating earnings and operating earnings to GAAP, please see schedules 1 and 2 of our earnings release available at nisource.com. As I've noted in our past conversations, 2008 represents an important year for NiSource as we continue to build the platform for delivering long-term sustainable growth. Specifically, we're taking a number of fundamental steps this year to put in place sustainable drivers of long-term earnings. On all fronts, our team is focused on advancing a broad array of regulatory, commercial and growth investment initiatives. As I discuss the quarterly results in each of our business segments, I am pleased to provide examples of our team's solid brick-by-brick progress on our plan. First, in our Gas Distribution segment, our teams are continuing to deliver on an aggressive set of initiatives designed to synchronize long-term investment structure replacements with thoughtful collaborative regulatory initiatives. During the last few weeks, we've seen several concrete examples of significant progress on that strategy. Turning to the most recent development, Columbia Gas of Ohio, our largest gas distribution unit, reached a definitive agreement with regulatory stakeholders to resolve its comprehensive rate case currently before the Ohio Public Utilities Commission. This agreement, which is subject to the Commission's approval, is not only in line with our financial expectations but importantly, incorporates a number of bellwether rate design and energy conservation enhancements. It also sets the stage for timely recovery of our major infrastructure investments in the state, again, a key element of our long-term strategy. Consistent with our game plan going into the case, the settlement is unanimous and was achieved within less than nine months from our initial filing. Just a great accomplishment by our team on the ground, led by Columbia of Ohio's President, Jack Partridge. Assuming timely approval by the Commission, new rates into the settlement could be effective in Ohio as early as December 1st. We also recently received regulatory approval for Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania's previously announced $41.5 million rate case settlement. Those new rates became effective October 28, again another brick in the wall, in this case, delivered by Columbia Pennsylvania's President, Terry Murphy and his team. While we'd hope to incorporate a long-term infrastructure investment recovery mechanism in the case, we're encouraged with the broad-based support for enabling legislation in Pennsylvania which we believe has excellent prospects for passage in the 2009 legislative session. And recently in Maryland, we filed for $3.7 million or 5% rate increase with Maryland Public Service Commission. Those new rates are expected to become effective in the second quarter of 2009. From an earnings standpoint during the third quarter, our Gas Distribution Operations reported an operating loss of $58.1 million versus an operating loss of $39.6 million for the same period in 2007. The dip in earnings was primarily attributable to increased operating expenses caused by higher employee and administrative expenses, uncollectible accounts, outside service costs and regulatory trackers which are offset in revenue. Net revenues were $2.2 million lower versus last year, due to reduced revenues from stipulation entered into among Columbia Gas of Ohio and its regulatory stakeholders in late 2007, partially offset by an increase in regulatory trackers. Shifting to NiSource's Electric segment, we also are continuing to see progress on an array of regulatory initiatives linked to long-term electric reliability and generation capacity strategies. At the center of that strategy, of course, is NIPSCO's comprehensive electric rate case which was filed in August with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission. As many of you know, this is NIPSCO's first base rate case in more than 20 years, and we believe it strikes the balance between the company's need to invest in system improvements while providing reasonable rate and tariff adjustments to all customer groups. Our filing proposes to adjust NIPSCO's rates in two steps. The first step reflects costs and other changes since NIPSCO last rate case in the 1980s. The second step incorporates the Sugar Creek Generating Station into NIPSCO's rate base when capacity from that plant becomes available to serve our customers no later than June of 2010. As you may recall NIPSCO's acquisition of Sugar Creek of $330 million, 535 megawatt combined cycle gas turbine facility was approved earlier this year by the Indiana Commission. In terms of the timetable to resolve the case, it could take 12 to 18 months to process the case during which time our team will be engaged with a wide range of stakeholders in a collaborative fashion that's central to our business approach. Also, during the third quarter, NIPSCO announced that it will be adding 100 megawatts of wind-generated electric power purchases to its portfolio starting with the first quarter of 2009. This increased focus on renewable power fits well with NIPSCO's plan to file up for Demand Side Management program in Indiana. This program would encourage customers to use electricity more wisely and offer incentives for customers to reduce their electric usage during peak periods. Also, it was a key step in developing its bi-annual integrated resource planning process. On October 24, NIPSCO issued two requests for proposals or RFPs to secure new sources of electric power to meet the future needs of its residential, commercial, and industrial customers. The first request seeks capacity and energy proposals for up to 300 megawatts of electricity to address the company's projected electric supply needs during the 2011 through 2016 time period. The second request seeks up to 300 megawatts of electricity generated from renewable sources and/or demand side management technologies to address the company's projected electricity supply needs beginning in 2011. I'd emphasize that NIPSCO is committed to exploring all available energy options in order to meet the needs of its customers. From an earnings standpoint, Electric Operations reported operating earnings of $82.2 million during the quarter versus $102 million from the same quarter last year. Operating expenses were up $12.1 million in our Electric business due mostly to higher generation and maintenance expenses, including expense associated with the Sugar Creek facility and higher depreciation costs. Net revenues decreased by $7.7 million compared to last year, primarily due to non-recoverable purchased power costs and lower margins. These decreases were partially offset by incremental revenues from the new Sugar Creek plant. Moving to our Gas Transmission and Storage segment, our team continues to advance a steady stream of growth projects designed to capitalize on our unparalleled strategic footprint, one that provides significant access to important natural gas production and market areas. Some of those projects under construction... are under construction, now including the Millennium Pipeline, which is targeted for completion during the fourth quarter of this year, and Eastern Market Expansion, which is slated to begin service in the spring of 2009. The Eastern Market Expansion project will provide 97,000 dekatherms per day of added storage and transportation deliverability under 15 year firm contracts. Activity is also ramping up on the Appalachian Expansion Project which received Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approval in August. The centerpiece of that project, which is also fully subscribed on a 15-year firm contract basis, is a new compressor station in West Virginia that will create 100,000 dekatherms per day of transportation capacity starting in the fourth quarter of 2009. Currently before the FERC is the Ohio Storage Project which would expand our Ohio storage capacity by nearly 7 million dekatherms and provide more than 100,000 dekatherms per day of deliverability. Subject to regulatory approvals, we're targeting in service by the end of 2009 on that Ohio Storage Project. In the new project category, we recently announced several initiatives to design to coincide with production increases in Marcellus Shale information which underlies significant portion of Columbia Gas Transmission's Appalachian transmission and storage network. In one case, we announced plans to jointly develop natural gas gathering and processing projects with MarkWest Energy Partners, LP. Those projects would be associated with our existing Majorsville compression... compressor station in Northern West Virginia and Western Pennsylvania. Columbia and MarkWest are also in discussions with natural gas producers regarding plans to provide new gathering and processing services near Columbia's Cobb aggregation system in Southern West Virginia. We also announced our intention to develop additional transmission, gathering and processing services in connection with our so called Columbia Penn pipeline corridor which stretches between Waynesburg, Pennsylvania and Corning, New York, a key location on the Millennium Pipeline. As you know, the Appalachian Basin, specifically in the Marcellus Shale area, is one of the fastest growing natural gas production areas in the United States. And we are well positioned to provide new solutions to help move gas out of that basin to key market areas. And although we are seeing some near-term adjustments to producer drilling programs in light of the current financial and commodity market conditions, the commitment to developing this important resource remains strong. We're convinced that the Marcellus area will be an important source of long-term domestic natural gas supply and that our strong Appalachian franchise will be a key to bringing that gas to market. From an earnings standpoint, our Gas Transmission and Storage segment record... reported operating earnings of $80.3 million for the third quarter compared with $75.5 million during the same period in 2007. Net revenues were up by $1.8 million during the quarter, thanks to increased firm transportation subscriptions related to new interconnects on the Columbia Gulf system. Deliveries from the Hardy Storage field and incremental demand revenues on the Columbia Gas Transmission system also helped boost revenues for the quarter. Those increases were partially offset by decreased revenues from shorter-term transportation and storage services, again, attributable to reduced volatility in the natural gas markets. Operating expenses in our Gas Transmission and Storage units decreased during the quarter by $2.2 million, mainly due to lower outside services. And equity earnings increased by $0.8 million due to higher AFUDC earnings on Millennium Pipeline. In our Other Operations category, we reported operating earnings of $0.7 million in the third quarter of 2008 compared with an operating loss of $0.2 million in the prior period due to increased revenues from commercial and industrial gas marketing activities. And finally, as you may know, we had some important news recently relating to our discontinued operations category. On October 24, a West Virginia court granted preliminary approval of the establishment of the settlement fund of $380 million to resolve the Tawney class action lawsuit. That settlement is subject to final approval by the court, following a fairness hearing scheduled for November 22. Chesapeake Energy is a co-defendant in that lawsuit along with NiSource. NiSource's share of that settlement will be up to $339 million. As noted in our second quarter earnings release and analyst call, we've established the reserve to fully cover our share of the original trial court judgment, including interest. Needless to say, we're hopeful that the settlement will receive final court approval, and we can put this significant uncertainty and distraction behind us. In other earnings related items, it's important to note that our interest expense decreased by $6.4 million during the third quarter when compared to 2007 due to lower short-term interest rates and credit facility fees. Also, contributing to that decrease was the retirement late in 2007 of high cost debt associated with the Whiting Clean Energy facility. Turning to liquidity, net cash flows from operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2008 were $250.3 million, a decrease of $148.6 million from the first nine months of 2007. A $116.4 million increase in deferred taxes was more than offset by net changes in assets and liabilities. The weather and gas prices significantly impacted working capital. I would emphasize that we remain firmly committed to maintaining the adequacy of NiSource's liquidity position and our access to credit markets. As part of that ongoing commitment, in late September, we supplemented a $1.5 billion revolving credit facility which extends into 2011, with the new six-month $500 million credit facility. This facility helps ensure ample liquidity to accommodate NiSource's seasonal cash flow requirements, as well as provide short-term payments, related to the Tawney settlement. Looking ahead a bit, like many companies in our industry and indeed across the entire business landscape, the current turmoil in the financial markets and the broader economic slowdown have the potential to create some near-term headwinds for our businesses. As you might expect, we're focusing on a number of key factors that could place near-term pressure on earnings and cash flow, such as industrial margins, housing starts, new customer additions, customer usage and the like. In addition, like most large employers, and as highlighted in a number of recent analyst and other reports, we're keeping a watchful eye on the 2008 market performance of our pension assets, which not surprisingly, have been negatively impacted by the recent turmoil in the debt and equity markets. While we won't be able to fully quantify the impact of 2008 performance and other factors on the next year's expense levels, until actuarial and other analysis are completed in late January to early February 2009, we know that increased pension expense will place a drag on next year's earnings. In terms of sharing our expectations for 2009 earnings levels, our current thinking is that we will update our outlook in the mid first quarter timeframe. In the interest of transparency, I'd also note that we're considering the possibility of limiting our guidance to next year's earnings, with the idea of addressing expectations for the out years when we gain more clarity as to the financial market conditions as well as the extent and expected duration of the economic slowdown. In light of these extraordinary economic times, I want to emphasize that our leadership team in close coordination with our Board of Directors, has been fully engaged in a diligent and ongoing assessment of the potential impacts on our business and financial plans, our capital spending programs and our capital market strategies. In that regard, and anticipating your questions, I'd emphasize that we remain committed to both the retention of our investment grade credit rating and to maintaining the dividend. And I'd add, we think we can do both. With respect to the credit rating, I'd point out that we are encouraged by Moody's recently issued credit analysis in which it indicated that NiSource's current credit rating and outlook continued to be appropriate. Needless to say, managing our company through this challenging economic environment in a prudent, disciplined and balanced fashion remains a front and center priority for me, our entire management team and the Board. At the same time, we'll not let this unsettled market distract us from the fundamentals of our long-term strategy to grow our business, create value for shareholders and our key stakeholders. In that regard, as I repeatedly tell our team, the plan is the plan is the plan. While near-term adjustments may and will be required from time to time, we remain focused on driving execution of our strategy to manage and grow our portfolio of low risk regulated infrastructure assets. As always, we remain committed to communicating with our investors and other interested parties in a transparent and timely manner regarding these and all of our efforts. Ongoing updates will be provided through our analyst calls and news releases provided on nisource.com. Thank you, again, for participating today and for your continued interest and support of NiSource. With that Erika, we'll open the call to questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of Carl Kirst from BMO Capital. You may proceed.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Hi, good morning everybody.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Carl.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: And Bob, I appreciate the commentary on the pension flow. I'll hold off for this question until first quarter.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Let me... can you refresh us what the proposed settlement with Columbia of Ohio is... in kind of an aggregate dollar impact, as well can you share with us at this point what you filed with respect to the two-step process and NIPSCO in an aggregate dollar amount?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the revenue amount in Ohio was about $45 million. You recall, we filed for just a bit north of $80 million. And it's unanimous settlement, Carl, that provides for revenue, conservation programs and array of investment programs that will be tracked in rates. And just on that point, number one, I mentioned that we do have a Demand Side Management program that will go effective at the beginning of the year assuming approval of the settlement. We have infrastructure trackers that will be activated for main line [ph] bare steel replacement for the so called riser replacement program and for an automatic meter reading program. Also, remind you that we have an ongoing tracker program for uncollectibles in Ohio. Rate design in Ohio was not settled, that issue has been joined. It's going to be brief for commission action and approval. It's a movement towards the levelized cost, so called levelized rates. There is favorable presence that's been established in Duke's gas case and most recently in the Dominion East Ohio case. We're in the process of regional local hearings. We've had, I believe, two to three of those, and we have an array that are set up. And we believe we're on track for approval of that case, hopefully to have rates effective early in December. So that's Columbia of Ohio, I'll pause for a minute, Carl anything else on that...
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Well I just wanted to make sure I understood, so the rate design issue as far as going to a larger fixed fee demand component is still unsettled. And I apologize that's currently still in the negotiations then?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, that will go to the commission for decision. We agreed primarily with the consumer advocate that we would push that to the commission for their disposition. And again that's similar to the procedure process that's been used earlier this year in the Duke Ohio case and most recently the Dominion East Ohio case.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: And again, the commission has endorsed movement over period of time to what's called levelized rate design in Ohio. So again, we're very pleased; we think this is a balanced thoughtful resolution, and as we said in the prepared remarks and the press release of bellwether case that along with Pennsylvania.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Great. And then on NIPSCO?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: NIPSCO, again a comprehensive rate case filing for everyone's benefit know [ph] that first time in 20 years, has both cost service rates on and tariff issues in that rate case. The step one filing indicated an increase of about $24 million, that was step one. Step two really consists of the investment and cost for the new Sugar Creek facility that we gained commission approval for earlier this year. And that second step represents about an $80 million, $81 million revenue impact. So again, a bit of a bifurcated two part case. We are currently in the discovery... beginning phases of discovery in that case. And then we will begin... shortly after the first of the year, beginning a series of hearings of that case. Company witnesses, including myself and the CEO of NIPSCO, Eileen Odum will be on the stand in early January. The interveners will begin filing their testimony mid-April, and right now, the scheduled hearings are slated to conclude mid-July of next year.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Okay. And then, I'll jump back in queue here, but just last question. Can you just comment on what... you mentioned the decrease in the optimization revenues in the gas market, can you put a number to that if possible?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We... for the quarter, we were only off, Carl, about $3 million year-to-year. That's a ballpark number. But for the entire year, we believe we're going to be down $5 million to $10 million from original expectations. And again, it's just a function of volatility. And over the last, let's say, four to six weeks, we've seen reduced liquidity. A number of players as you know, have pulled away from that market, or reduced their activity in that market.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karen St. Louis [ph] from Belloton. You may proceed.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Kerry, Bob.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, Bob. How are you?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Doing good, and you?
Unidentified Analyst: All well, thank you.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Unidentified Analyst: I had two areas that I wanted to focus on. So I appreciated your comments regarding the commitments to investment grade. And obviously, in these uncertain times, there is some balls up in the air. But I wanted to turn to your CapEx forecast. One thing I really appreciate is that you guys have given a lot of detail with respect to what you consider growth, betterment, replacement. So, I've been kind of studying your CapEx forecast, and we've seen a lot of companies start to kind of tweak future years, based on the kind of current uncertainties. And I wanted to kind of get an idea from you, if maybe something tweaks seem reasonable.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Unidentified Analyst: First, I guess the segment maybe with the most flexibility would be the Gas Transmission segment, is that a fair assumption?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: We would agree with you clearly, the potential shippers, folks that we would rely on contracts for new projects, have announced major scale backs in projects. So that's absolutely correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Yes, because I guess I had kind of thought you have kind of like a growth and a maintenance breakout there and that absolute of [ph] CapEx there, it's probably something that could be flexible?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely, you're correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So I'll just tell you my assumption there is maybe half of that, but you can let me know, if you think that's reasonable?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Unidentified Analyst: And then, I guess I kind of look through the Gas Distribution and Electric Ops and saw this betterment. And I thought, hey, that's probably kind of like some upgrades to kind of a system that in a critical time there could be a little flexibility there. Does that seem fair?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well on that one, a bit too general of a comment, betterment refers to a host of different activities at the distribution company. Some of the betterment spend relates to the need to upgrade facilities to accommodate growth in peak demand and some of that may be imminent.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: It has to be dealt with... some of it could be deferred because sub-divisions aren't building out, commercial activity is not present and that sort of thing. So I would just caution --
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: We get into categories like that... age and conditions. I would just issue a caution, you have to be careful.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Well maybe you could think about little kind of more detail on what is in that and if there is flexibility. Then lastly, I see these line items for system growth, and clearly if the economy isn't growing as much, then those will be categorized... that could be scaled back due to less growth.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: And maybe I can just interrupt and give you a macro comment for the benefit of everybody on the call.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Like everybody else, we are taking a very careful look at the economy. Clearly, we are aware of the importance of liquidity and access to markets and that sort of thing. So as you would expect, the management team, the Board, we are in the process of taking a very, very careful look at all of our spends, CapEx and O&M, and we will be recalibrating.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: We will be doing in a thoughtful fashion. We are literally in that process. And as we work through the quarter and get to the first of the year, you will see CapEx program particularly near-term that will be adjusted in light of current conditions and our view on what's going to unfold over the next 12 to 24 months. So, that's kind of the near term. I would also be remiss if I didn't mention that the long-term, we believe that we do have many, many opportunities. We also have some needs to invest, and going forward and this is just a bit of the benchmark. We still think about a $1 billion spend on an annual basis is appropriate, but certainly near term.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. You know what Bob, I understand what you're saying. And I'm just saying that I know you mentioned you want to commit to investment grade and maintaining the dividends. So something has got to kind of give. So I appreciate the fact that you will be revisiting the CapEx, because I do think that's a very important, and then longer term rate, you can kind of go back. Because if I look back, it seems to me you have been running prior kind of before this kind of growth initiative closer to $800 million in CapEx and making some hair cut to things, that doesn't seem too impossible, you could get back to that level.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, early for me to comment on specific level. But certainly we're going to recalibrate and you can expect the downward adjustments, but stay tuned for details.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Okay, well I appreciate that. Next, I was just hoping to get an update on liquidity and just where you stand. It looks like your short-term debt was up slightly. So maybe you could just tell us how much is drawn on your facilities and kind of give us an update there?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We're little... on the current facilities, we are little south of $1.3 billion drawn and as you would expect, it's because of the storage injections. A lot of the storage was injected at the higher rates. But having said that, give or take, basically on plan on what we expected at this point in the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: And again, just to state the obvious, we've supplemented the 1.5 billion primary facility with another $500 million. We did initially, because of concerns around gas prices, but we also knew that we might have to deal with Tawney.
Unidentified Analyst: Right, right.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: So again, we feel very, very good about our liquidity position.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, fantastic. All right, well I appreciate all that color. And I look forward to seeing you out in Arizona.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, take care. We'll talk to you then.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Leon Duval from Catapult Capital Management. You may proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, Bob, it's actually Steve Weisman [ph].
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Steve.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, how are you?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'm doing fine.
Unidentified Analyst: That's good. I just wanted to clarify some of the changes you've made in guidance here. You obviously reaffirmed '08, but you're just not reaffirming '09, '010, the guidance that you've had in the past.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes like many, many others, given the conditions, we just think we're going to have to take up a hard look at '09. And again, like everybody in the U.S. economy it seems, we just need to assess the impact ranging from demand levels, new connects, uncollectibles, activity in the short-term marked optimization markets, before we can give you a good forecast. And I forgot to mention, pension expense, Steve.
Unidentified Analyst: Pension?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, which is clearly going to be a big item for us. So, mid-first quarter, we think we can give you a good thoughtful view on 2009. In the prepared remarks, you've heard me say, I like to reserve the right on the out years. Again, that's going to be a function of how good we think our visibility is to the out years given the economic turmoil.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And with respect to the... maintaining the investment grade and the dividend, and looking at things, is there any possibility that you might need to look at issuing equity or equity-like securities, along those lines?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, at this point, Steve, that is not the game plan. We don't foresee at this point the need for any large scale moves, be it equity, disposition of assets, equity like. So that's where we stand currently. I'd add, we continue like everybody else to try to understand this economic environment, and what may be required in the new world. But that's certainly not part of the game plan today.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then, what are seeing in terms of your... kind of customer base, and expected sales levels, are you seeing any impact on your large industry?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So far, if you look through the third quarter, it's amazing, large industrial numbers look solid, look good. But... but again, you read the literature, our large industrial reps talk with their key customers. And everybody is saying the same thing. We just don't know where it's going to go. And one thing that was notable to me, U.S. Steel announced results last week, and you probably saw those media accounts. They said, they just didn't know where 2009 was going to go. And they withheld any sort of outlook on 2009. So we know it's soft, we just haven't seen the data or the information show up. And again, that's one of the reasons we just felt like it would be prudent to wait until we got to January to give you an outlook for 2009.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, one last question. I may have missed this. Just could you update us on the Indiana electric case. And just when should we see some of the big components there and would that be something to wait for before giving any guidance?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: The answer on that is no for 2009. But let me go back. I did give Carl Kirst at the outset of the call a pretty comprehensive update. So you may want to listen to that, but I'll cut to a couple of points. Number one, our witnesses go on the stand in January. So we'll begin at that point getting a sense of what the key issues are from the perspective of the interveners. The interveners then file their direct testimony, and I don't have the exact date but it's mid April. And again, we'll have more definition around what their positions are at that point. We're also going to be engaged in ongoing discussions with them. So the case will begin to flush out late first quarter, early second quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: The current scheduled hearings conclude mid-year. So, again I think for this case to get maturity, it's going to be second quarter, third quarter perhaps, even fourth quarter. But in terms of an outlook for '09 impact again I think we'll be in a reasonable position mid first quarter, most of the NIPSCO impact from the case 2010 and beyond. This is the way we view it today.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great, thank you.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elvira Scotto from Banc of America Securities. You may proceed.
Elvira Scotto - Banc of America Securities: Hi.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Elvira Scotto - Banc of America Securities: Just a quick question on, I appreciate the comments on '09 but just on the '08 guidance, the kind of hitting the low end of the 125 to 135. Can you talk a little bit about what is embedded in that... in thinking about bad debt expense and conservation and customer growth? And then also are you embedding in that the Columbia, Ohio that the effective rates actually... that the new rates could be effective on December 1st?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Let me try to address your question in short stints [ph]. In terms of customer growth and usage, customer growth we had scaled back dramatically, dramatically because we had seen the slowing of the economy so far in advance on new construction and the like. So customer growth is off the tape, it's very low when we think again for '08 consistent with our projections. Similar with gas customer usage, we had projected a modest amount of erosion this year, and we have net or probably beat that number, beat it in a good sense. So we are more or less on top of that number. Again, I mentioned industrial consumption has been relatively strong. Again I'm anticipating some softness in the fourth quarter, but don't know that yet. So again, usage, growth and the like, I would say we feel like we're on plan and should be close to plan through the end of the year.
Elvira Scotto - Banc of America Securities: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Uncollectibles have moved up a bit, but they have not... again my term, blown the plan. Again, I have mentioned that we have strong uncollectible programs, low income programs. We are an aggressive manager of bad debt. Again, I feel like that is relatively manageable at this point. We've just not seen a spike, a dramatic spike. It is up a little bit quarter-to-quarter, but again we feel like that that's manageable. In terms of rate outcomes, Pennsylvania and Ohio most notably, I'll just say this consistent with plan, and we certainly would like to have Ohio approved and effective December 1.
Elvira Scotto - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Great. That's very helpful. Thanks for the color.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Caruso from Millennium Partners. You may proceed.
Mark Caruso - Millennium Partners: Good morning guys. Just as a follow up, Steve covered most of the questions, but did I... just want to make sure for clarification purposes. So Bob, it's... we're going to get '09 outlook in January, but as far as 10 and beyond at this point, we shouldn't expect to use the plan you gave at the end of the year... towards the beginning of the year?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, first of all let me just be clear. Mid first quarter is when we would project and when we would attempt to give you a good '09. I do want to reserve the right to maybe withhold making a longer term projection... a three year projection simply because of the uncertainty in the markets. And we are concerned about visibility on the economy and recovery or dampening of the economy. So our suggestion is wait until the mid first... I'm sorry wait until mid first quarter for our outlook.
Mark Caruso - Millennium Partners: Great. Are you planning on doing the other years, so just sort of give a general sense?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'd like to reserve the right.
Mark Caruso - Millennium Partners: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: We still need to digest what's going on with the economic situation. And again I think it's going to be a function of visibility.
Mark Caruso - Millennium Partners: Got you. Okay, perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question from the line of Carl Kirst from BMO Capital. You may proceed.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Bob, it's actually a kind of follow-on, sort of touching base with both Steve and Kerry's question, CapEx and equity. And I guess, to a certain extent as we look out and just kind of a strange time to be talking about, growth with everything that's going on. But something like the major new Penn pipeline, clearly that's being pushed off. We're also looking though at Mid-Continent spot prices right now, just collapsing and there is question of whether not the old volunteer system taking gas maybe into Atlanta might ultimately work. I guess as you sit back and look at everything today, is this something where the new project development team has essentially been put on hold? Or is this, hey keep going out if you can sign contracts and we can actually get a viable project, we'd even be willing to do equity to go after it. How should we think about that right now?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Carl, we're still active but quite frankly active in the sense of when things turn around. Right now, it is slow on new large scale projects, no doubt about it. But our team is using this time to get position or what we think is inevitable upswing and the return of activities. So that's what we're really focused on. In the meantime, we continue to look at bite-sized projects that are on system or adjacent to system. And I think a good example of that would be what we're calling the new Penn corridor. We know that there is production that wants to get to market in the Appalachian area that some folks have begun work on Marcellus. And we think again there are bite-sized opportunities that we can cultivate near term 2009, 2010 that will be financially helpful. And also, could be the predicate for a larger project such as morphing into a full scale new Penn project. So that's the approach call as we speak.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line Sam Brothwell from Wachovia. You may proceed.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Sam.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia: Hi, hi, good morning guys. My question has actually been answered, thank you.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan from Citigroup. You may proceed.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Hey guys. It's Faisel from Citi.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Faisel, how are you?
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Hanging in there.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good, like what.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: All right, a question on the Millennium project.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: What's the... is that project expandable? I mean, what's the ability to expand that the system into the [indiscernible]?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: It is expandable.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And what... have you had... what are the conversations been like with the shippers on that system, is that --
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'd tell you right now the sole focus has been getting construction completed. Challenging build, across that southern tier of New York. And frankly, it's been solely, let's get this done. Let's get this in service prior to the end of the year.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And how's that construction taking place versus, your expectations to start it out?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: We knew it was going to be challenging. We go through so many sensitive areas that require really delicate construction, very, very tight compliance with environmental regulations. Again, it's been a challenging build but one that we think we can get operational prior to the end of the year.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And what about the construction costs in terms of steel and labor? How is that working --
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well you may recall we had locked in steel prices relatively speaking early on in the project. We have had construction cost pressures and I'm not going to speak for the partnership, I'm going to have to let them speak to cost. And the like, but like other major projects, we've had pressures.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And in your kind of press release, you talked about the phase development of your of your existing pipeline corridor Waynesburg, Pennsylvania and Waynesburg, New York, how does that take place? Is that a larger... what's the magnitude of that term project?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes... and I have a response to Carl earlier. These are relatively speaking bite-size like development. So again, providing producers with access to transmission and openly ultimately market points that they can get gas to actual markets. So there are a number of phases that we have slated for 2009, again relatively small manageable bite size like builds and just order of magnitude for the first three Phase or so $20 million is a good ballpark number on investment.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And what about volumes?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Volumes, again relatively small... again first year may be 100,000 a day. Maybe little bit north of that or little bit south. But that's a good ballpark number.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay and then these... the projects that you're looking with MarkWest. Would that be outside of the FERC regulated system or would that be a regulated processing?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Obviously MarkWest would concentrate on non-regulated and we would be focused on the more regulated and clearly if we have an opportunity to use non-regulated gathering. We'll certainly use both, we're not reluctant to use either one.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer portion of the call. I would now like to turn it over to Skaggs for closing remarks.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay Erica again thank you and thanks once again for your participation this morning. Your ongoing interest and support of NiSource. Thank you very much and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. And have a wonderful day. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen L. Kettering - Sr. VP, Corporate Affairs Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and CEO Michael W. O'Donnell - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Shneur Gershuni - UBS Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Faisel Khan - Citigroup Elvira Scotto - Banc of America Securities
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2008 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. My name is Chynel, and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed.
Glen L. Kettering - Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs: Thank you, Chynel [ph]. Good morning to everyone. On behalf of NiSource, I'd like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. We appreciate the opportunity to be with you today and thank you for taking the time to join us. Joining me this morning are; Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike O'Donnell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hulen, Director of Investor Relations. Also joining us today is Steve Smith, who as we reported a few months ago will be assuming the CFO position, responsibilities going forward. As you know, the focus of today's call is to review our second quarter 2008 performance and to provide a business update. We then will open the call to your questions. I'd like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the U.S federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is included in the Management's Discussion and Analysis section of our 2008 first quarter 10-Q, which was filed on May the 2nd with the SEC. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Glen. Good morning. Thanks for joining us today as we report NiSource's second quarter earnings and provide an update on the continuing tangible progress we're making on our balance plan to deliver long-term sustainable growth. As noted in our earnings release NiSource remains on track to achieve 2008 financial results that are in line with our business plan and our outlook. Our team continues to execute a broad array of important initiatives across each of our business units. These accomplishments delivered during the pivotal year for our company are key elements of our path forward strategy for achieving long-term sustainable earnings growth. Turning first to our earnings report; as you can see from our earnings release NiSource reported net operating earnings from continuing operations non-GAAP of $24.3 million or $0.09 per share for the three months ended June 30, 2008 compared to $28.3 million or $0.10 per share for the same quarter of 2007. Operating earnings were $121.9 million compared to $143.5 million for the same period in 2007. On a GAAP basis NiSource reported income from continuing operations for the three months ended June 30, 2008 of $21 million or $0.08 per share compared with $28.9 million or $0.11 per share in the same period a year ago. Operating income was $116.6 million for the second quarter of 2008 compared with $143.9 million in the year ago period. Second quarter net operating earnings compared with the year ago period were affected by anticipated higher employee and administrative costs, as well as the one-time adjustment to Electric Operations depreciation expense relating to prior periods, which impacted operating earnings by about $0.02 per share. These impacts were mostly offset by higher total net revenues and lower taxes and the interest expense. As a reminder, we focused on net operating earnings and operating earnings both non-GAAP measures because we believe these measures better represent the fundamental earnings strength and performance of the company. These measures normalize for weather and certain other items such as; restructuring charges, asset sales, impairment, and significant reserve changes. For reconciliation of net operating earnings and operating earnings to GAAP, please see schedules one and two of our earnings release, which is also available at nisource.com. As I indicated earlier we are maintaining our operating earnings guidance of $1.25 to $1.35 per share for the 2008 through 2010 period. On a GAAP basis for 2008, the lower-end of the range for basic earnings from continuing operations is $1.23 per share due to transition costs associated with NiSource's amended business service agreement with IBM. For 2009 and 2010, we reflect no differences between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. As I have noted in our past communications 2008 represents an important year for NiSource, as we continue to establish a platform for achieving long-term sustainable growth. More specifically, we are taking a number of fundamental steps this year to put in place sustainable drivers of long-term earnings and cash flow growth. On all fronts, our team has focused on advancing broad array of regulatory, commercial, and growth investment initiatives. And I am pleased to report that we're continuing to successfully execute on our plan. We are delivering solid brick-by-brick progress. Several examples of progress we are making in our gas distribution segment with the focuses on synchronizing unprecedented infrastructure replacement and enhancement projects, with thoughtful, collaborative regulatory initiatives. On July 2nd, Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania filed a unanimous, $41.5 million rate case settlement with an Administrative Law Judge at the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission. Subject to approval by the PUC, new rates under that settlement are expected to become effective October 28th. We also continue to see solid progress in Ohio, where Columbia Gas of Ohio continued to advance its best rate case filed in March. The Columbia of Ohio case seeks an annual revenue increase of approximately 6%, or nearly $80 million, with new base rates expected to become effective in the fourth quarter of this year. The Ohio filing is also closely integrated with the long-term $2 billion-plus system infrastructure investment strategy. Our Ohio team also logged a victory in late July when the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio will approve the company's new comprehensive energy conservation program, which will offer a wide range of services to residential and small commercial customers. Columbia of Ohio will seek to recover the three year 24.9 million costs of the DSM conservation program through a rider that would be added to residential and small commercial customer bills. Notably, the commission's approval subject to the resolution of the costs recovery process in Columbia of Ohio's rate case; we are confident that the recovery mechanism can be worked out successfully with the stakeholders, so that this important program can proceed and begin providing real benefits to all of our customers. Moving to our Electric business units, you know NIPSCO took a major step forward this quarter and meeting its long-term electric generation capacity needs when acquired the $330 million Sugar Creek Power Plant, a 535-megawatt combined cycle gas by our generating unit located in West Terre Haute, Indiana. The plants acquisition was approved on May 28th by the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission. Although that order denied the cost deferral and rate treatment proposed by NIPSCO. The Indiana Commission indicated the NIPSCO could seek such rate treatment through so called Alternative Regulatory Plan, which NIPSCO filed on June 6th. NIPSCO also took steps during to quarter to diversify its electric supply portfolio with the addition of renewable energy options. On July 24th, the Indiana Commission issued an order approving NIPSCO's purchase power agreement with Iberdrola Renewables, one of the world's leading producers of power from wind and other renewable sources. The agreement provides NIPSCO the opportunity to purchase 100 megawatts of wind power commencing in early 2009. Looking forward, our Indiana team will continue to review additional opportunities to address NIPSCO's long-term generating capacity needs. And as we speak, our NIPSCO team is engaged in the final preparations for its first electric rate case in twenty years. As many of you know, the rate case filing which we'll be making by the end of this month is part of a commitment NIPSCO made in an earlier agreement with regulatory stakeholders. As I've mentioned before, this is a landmark case, marking the first time in more than two decades that NIPSCO has sort a comprehensive review of its electric services, cost levels and rates. And our team is looking forward to exploring those changes in a collaborated fashion with all of our key stakeholders in Indiana. Shifting now to our Gas Transmission and Storage unit, our team continued to advance the steady stream of growth projects during the second quarter. On June 25th, GT&S start with Federal Energy Regulatory Commission its $65 million Ohio Storage Expansion project and expansion of Columbia Gas Transmission's Ohio natural gas storage facilities to meet growing demand in the company's mid-Atlantic markets. If approved by the FERC, the project will increase Columbia Transmission's storage capacity by 6.7 billion cubic feet and the enhance its daily storage delivery by 100,000 dekatherms per day. We anticipate placing the project in service in November 2009, pending FERC approval. Also pending regulatory approval is the $40 million Appalachian Expansion Project, which will deliver natural gas from the Appalachian Supply Basin in southern West Virginia and eastern Kentucky. This project will add a new 9500-horsepower compressor station to Columbia Gas Transmission's existing system in West Virginia, enabling the company to transport an incremental 100,000 dekatherms of natural gas per day. This project is underpinned by 15-year contracts with CNX Gas, Equitable Production, and Chesapeake. Subject to approval by the FERC, we expect the project to be in service during the fourth quarter of 2009. Meanwhile construction is continuing on several other important pipeline and storage expansion projects. Those include, the Eastern Market Expansion project... a nearly 100,000 dekatherm-per-day expansion of Columbia Gas Transmission's pipeline, compression and storage facilities and the Millennium Pipeline, which is targeted to begin operations during the fourth quarter of the year. Turning to pipeline operations; on July 1st, Columbia Gulf Transmission received permission from the United States Department of Transportation to restore normal operating pressure on the company's Line 100 pipeline which, as you may recall, was damaged during an incident near Delhi, Louisiana in December 2007. With the restoration of Line 100 and the temporary restoration of service of Columbia Gulf's Hartsville, Tennessee Compressor Station which was destroyed by a tornado in February, the Columbia Gulf system is now capable of meeting its full contractual transportation capacity level of approximately 2.2 billion cubic feet per day. Our Gas Transmission and Storage team has done nothing short of an incredible job in managing these operating challenges and enabling us to fully meet our customers' ongoing capacity needs. As you can see our NGT&S team continues to make significant progress executing on a steady stream of growth projects to meet the increasing needs of customers and suppliers alike, I would note, in addition to the projects announced to-date, the team continues to work on developing an extensive inventory of additional opportunities, which will play a key role in growing our GT&S business in the years to come. Finally, I'd mention that due to the ongoing recovery work Columbia Gulf's Hartsville compressor station as well as overall financial market conditions, we now anticipate that an initial public offering of units and NiSource Energy Partners LLP, our new Master Limited Partnership is not likely to occur during 2008. As noted in our earnings release, we also have continued to take steps to focus on core regulated businesses to divest certain non-strategic assets. In that regard, on June 30th, NiSource closed on a sale of its Whiting Clean Energy unit to BP Alternative Energy of North America. BPAE purchased the Whiting facility for approximately $217 million, including working capital. Also in June, Columbia Gulf Transmission and Tennessee Gas Pipeline closed on the sale of Columbia Gulf's offshore Louisiana assets and operations in the Gulf of Mexico. These assets, which don't comprise a significant portion of Columbia Gulf's assets or earnings base, are not considered strategic to Columbia Gulf, which as you know is focusing on growth in its onshore transportation businesses. Progress also continued on the sale of Northern Utilities in Granite State Gas Transmission to Unitil Corporation for $160 million, plus an estimated $25 million in natural gas inventory and other working capital items. That sale is expected to close late this year. In other discontinued operations matters, I would note a number of developments related to the Tawney class-action litigation in West Virginia, which involves claims against Columbia Natural Resources, a former subsidiary for which we retain primary financial responsibility. As we previously reported in May of this year, the West Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals declined to review the trial court judgment in that case. The court subsequently granted our request for a stay of the judgment, pending action by the United States Supreme Court on a petition for a writ of certiorari, which we plan to file later this month. We expect the United States Supreme Court rule to decide whether to accept the appeal later this year or early in 2009. Although we believe Columbia Natural Resources has meritorious arguments in that case, particularly with regard to the punitive damages awarded, we obviously can not predict the outcome of the appellate process. As a result, in the second quarter, we increased our reserve related to the Tawney litigation to reflect the portion of the trial court judgment for which NiSource would be responsible, inclusive of interest. Now let me shift to an overview of NiSource's second quarter operating earnings. NiSource's consolidated second quarter 2008 operating earnings non-GAAP were 121.9 million compared to 143.5 million for the same period in 2007. I would refer you to Schedule 2 of our earnings release for the items included in 2008 and 2007 GAAP operating income but excluded from operating earnings. Gas Distribution Operations reported an operating earnings loss of 3.9 million versus operating earnings of 8.9 million in the second quarter of 2007. The decrease resulted primarily from higher operating expenses, which were 9.6 million greater than the prior year. The increase was mainly due to higher employee and administrative expenses, uncollectible accounts and higher depreciation costs. Net revenues were $3.2 million lower than the same period in 2007, as increases from rate proceedings and other service programs were more than offset by the anticipated reductions in non-traditional revenues as a result of a regulatory stipulation entered into by the Columbia Gas of Ohio and its regulatory stakeholders in late 2007. Gas Transmission and Storage Operations reported operating earnings of $75.5 million versus operating earnings of $74.6 million in the second quarter of 2007. Increased net revenues were mostly offset by higher operating expenses and lower equity earnings. Net revenues increased by $6.4 million, primarily due to increased subscriptions for firm transportation services related to new interconnects along the Columbia Gulf pipeline system, deliveries from the Hardy Storage field, and incremental demand revenues on the Columbia Gas Transmission system. Operating expenses at GT&S increased by $3.4 million for the quarter, mainly due to higher employee and administrative expenses and the impact from adjustment to a reserve balance that favorably impacted last year's second quarter results by $2.8 million. That impact was partially offset by lower outside services and uncollectible accounts. Equity earnings decreased by $2.1 million due to lower AFUDC earnings from Millennium Pipeline and operating earnings from Hardy Storage. Electric Operations reported operating earnings of $52.1 million versus operating earnings of $61.8 million from the same quarter last year. Operating expenses increased by $10.7 million due primarily to higher employee and administrative costs, and higher depreciation cost. The higher depreciation costs include an $8.3 million adjustment recorded by Northern Indiana during the second quarter. This one-time adjustment, which reducing quarter net earnings by approximately $0.02 per share was non-cash and will not materially impact depreciation charges in future periods. Net revenues increased by $1 million as a result of other... of higher industrial volumes, timing of revenue credits, and incremental revenues from the new Sugar Creek Plant partially offset by lower non-recoverable purchase power costs. Other operations reported operating earnings of $0.8 million in the second quarter of 2008 compared with an operating earnings loss of $0.3 million in the prior period. The improvement resulted from higher net revenues from commercial and industrial gas marketing activities. These operating earnings results no longer include earnings associated with the Whiting Clean Energy facility, which as noted earlier was sold to BPAE on June 30th. Earnings associated with Whiting's operations have been reclassified to discontinued operations for the current and comparable periods. Other Operations primarily include commercial and industrial gas marketing activities. In other items interest expense decreased by $11 million due to lower short-term interest rates and credit facility fees, and the retirement late in 2007 of high cost debt associated with the Whiting Clean Energy facility. NiSource's consolidated operating earnings non-GAAP for the six months ended June30, 2008 were $516.6 million compared to $572 million for the same period in 2007. I'd refer you to Schedule 2 in earnings release for the items included in the 2008 and 2007 GAAP operating income that excluded from operating earnings. On a GAAP basis NiSource reported income from continuing operations for the three months ended June 30th, $21 million or $0.08 per share compared with $28.9 million or $0.11 per share in the same period a year ago. Operating income was $116.6 million for the second quarter of 2008 and compared with a 143.9 million in the year ago period. In addition to the impacts already discussed in the segment discussions the decrease in earnings was primarily due to unfavorable weather in NiSource's Gas Distribution and Electric markets during the quarter compared to the same period a year ago. Also on a GAAP basis NiSource reported income from continuing operations for the six months ended June 30, 2008, of $210.4 million or $0.77 per share, compared with $235.4 million or $0.86 per share last year. Operating income was $511.4 million for the first six months of 2008, versus $574.3 million in the year ago period. And again, in addition to the impacts already discussed the decrease in earnings for the first half of 2007 was due to unfavorable weather in NiSource's Gas Distribution and Electric markets compared to 2007. Again please refer to the news release for a complete list of the items included in 2008 and 2007 GAAP income from continuing operations, but excluded from net operating earnings. Shifting to discontinued operations, as I noted earlier in the second quarter NiSource recorded an additional accrual related to the Tawney lawsuit in West Virginia in West Virginia, which is reflected in discontinued operations. In addition in the first quarter 2008, NiSource began accounting for the operations of Northern Utilities, Granite State Gas and Whiting Clean Energy as discontinued operations. In the first quarter we recorded an estimated after-tax loss of $96.1 million, $0.35 per share for the disposition of these operations. In the second quarter we recorded an additional after-tax loss of $2.8 million, about $0.01 per share for the Whiting closing and adjustments for the estimated deposition of Northern Utilities and Granite State Gas that are expected to close later this year. All results of operations for these businesses in all periods were presented are classified as net income from discontinued operations. Focusing on liquidity; net cash flows from operating activities for the six months ended June 30, 2008, were $638.4 million, an increase of $50.5 million from the first six months of 2007. $69.6 million increased in deferred taxes was offset by net changes and assets and liabilities. The weather in gas prices significantly impact working capital that were sources of cash generated from favorable weather and certain jurisdictions and pricing impacts on inventory and accounts payable. These sources of cash were mostly offset by increases and unrecovered gas costs and also driven by gas price increases. To wrap up, NiSource's overall financial performance for the quarter is consistent with our business plan, as I mentioned earlier in line with our outlook from net operating earnings $of 1.25 to $1.35 per share. Although we have much more to accomplish for the years ever, I'm pleased with the solid progress our team is making in delivering on our aggressive growth plan, which includes executing on a major infrastructure programs, successfully concluding our rate proceedings and advancing our pipeline and storage growth agenda. I can assure you that all others are intently focused on continuing to advance these critical initiatives, and position the company for long-term sustainable growth. As always, we remain committed to communicating with our investors in a transparent and timely matter regarding these and all of our efforts. Ongoing updates will be provided through our analyst calls and news releases posted on nisource.com. Thanks again for participating today for your ongoing interest and support of NiSource. And just a personal comment for open the call to questions, I just want to thank Mike O'Donnell for his years of services our CFO. Mike's been in my side for every one of these calls. Mike thank you, congratulations. We appreciate your service and commitment to growing NiSource.
Michael W. O'Donnell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Bob, thank you very much. It's been my great pleasure to serve NiSource, and hopefully to contribute to the shareholder of value increase that we are going to see here.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks
Michael W. O'Donnell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you very much for everything.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks again Mike, and Steve Smith welcome good to have you on Board.
Michael W. O'Donnell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Rob.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: And with that Chynel [ph] we'll open up the phone call to questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of [ph] Shneur Gershuni of UBS. Please proceed.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Hi, good morning guys.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Just a couple of quick questions. I was wondering if you can comment on your views with respect to conservations and bad debt expenses during the high commodity prices that we're seeing now, and just sort of the impact that you expected to have with respect to earnings since you left your guidance flat?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, let me start with bad debt for us. As you would expect we are seeing increased pressure on bad debt uncollectible expenses and we did see during the quarter upward pressure on those numbers. Having said that, I would say it's manageable. It's relatively modest, and we've been served well by bad debt track particularly in Ohio, and bad debt relief that we have in Massachusetts and ongoing programs that we have in Columbia of Pennsylvania. So we've dampened the impact, but we have seen some upward pressure. With regards to conservation first and second quarters have been good in terms of customer usage. We've not seen any notable jump in conservation certainly, nothing like we saw in 2005, 2006. We'll have to see much of the impact from the elevated costs if not record [ph] through, as you're generally where we filed around record high GCRs, but quite frankly those prices have not yet hit the bulk of our customers. So like others in the industry were going to watching fourth quarter in particular very, very carefully.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Okay. Just if I can just switch over you to gas transmission storage, you've got Millennium, you've got Hardy, you've got a bunch of projects that are... that you are looking at Greenlight so forth as well as the most recent one, I'm just trying to understand your expected impact with respect to earnings over the next two years at that segment and if you can talk in context of how it drives your guidance, which segment is actually pulling you down to sort of maintain that guidance the entire time?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes let me go through the inventory of NGT&S project. As you know Hardy is onstream. We motioned the interconnects that have boosted throughput on Columbian Gulf. But many other projects that we have noted in the press release and talked to you about previously really don't come online until later in 2009 and just to give you an example the Eastern Market expansion, the Appalachian expansion, the Ohio Storage project all of those tend to be a latter part of 2009. Millennium doesn't come on until later this year, so full run rate doesn't begin until the first of 2009. So, we are still in the ramp up phase of our gas pipeline growth project and really to begin seeing full up and running the impacts it's going to be late 2009-2010 before we see those impacts. David [ph] I mentioned the team continues to work on developing an inventory of projects and we remain optimistic that we are going to see ongoing strong growth from the segment going forward. Beyond the Gas Transmission and Storage segment, that we are clearly in the rate mode, particularly bellwether case in the Gas Distribution segment in Pennsylvania, that settlement doesn't become effective until late this year. Again full run rate in 2009, the team is working hard in Ohio another bellwether rate case. Again, we don't expect new rates to be effective until the for the most part of calendar year 2009. And then last but not at least, on the Electric segment, we are literally the close [ph] of that case and we won't even have the following submitted until late August. So I think you can factor all of that into the guidance and the reason that we haven't seen a lot lift at least at this point.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Okay. I mean is it safe to say that 2010 is expected to be towards the upper end of the guidance, and '09 the middle end of the guidance? I mean clearly there should be some earnings drivers [inaudible].
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, I think we try to be very clear and transparent that to this year, we feel that we are going to be at the lower of the range. At the end over the course for the next couple of years we start walking upward through that range in 2009 and 2010.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Okay great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst of BM (sic) [BMO] Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Hey guys it's Carl Kirst of BMO.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hey Carl.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Hey actually, just going back to Shener's [ph] here, just to make we are understanding, only because I was kind of looking it from the LDC standpoint $40 million settlement in Pennsylvania, $80 million out there for Ohio, maybe we get a half settlement on net Millennium, reducing to be some things out there that would actually help 2009, especially if we are thinking that the Mexico rate case is going to be litigated through the year and that doesn't kick into the end of '09 so, is there something from an O&M standpoint or are we being conservative or am I just frankly looking at the possible rate increases in Ohio and Pennsylvania as essentially going at the bottom line, when I shouldn't be?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, I'd go back to the prior response probably. We expect to step through the range over the next two years. And so if we are at the lower part of the range this year, you are going to see positive impacts from the Columbia-Pennsylvania and hopefully the Columbia and Ohio rate cases as well as the GT&S earnings lift. We try to capture that in a range that covers three years and I think what you are saying is correct.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, okay. Just I should, if I can a second, clarify on this for a second. By your comments... I mean we should be expecting sort of a fully litigated case year, in which case if the hearings I guess are starting in January, is it something where, we might actually have a decision by summer. Is this going to be kind of a full year type of 2009 event?
Unidentified Company Representative: It's more of the latter call from our perspective. In fact the procedure of schedule was just agreed to. As you suggested the initial round of hearing begin in January but the final round of hearings don't commence until July of 2009. So if we remain on that track, you can see that the case would wrap midyear, rating [ph] would then follow next. Time for deliberations and like will easily take you through 2009. Now, again we approach all our cases looking for opportunities to settle and resolve that this case... there has not been a case in Indiana for over two decades. We do expect one way or the other, the case is going to be fully ventilated [ph].
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Fair enough. And then just last question; noticing in your Q and understand everything that the FERC is serious but perhaps trying to get a sense from a dollar standpoint, shareholder standpoint. There was statement in the Q about nature of some informal discussions with the FERC that the major Columbia line was just kind of wondering exactly what that was and is that something that could become material?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, we do not believe, it will become material related to prior period's legacy issue. It's been an ongoing discussion and we don't expect it impact on the outlook we provided.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Great thanks. Thanks good luck and Mike to you, especially.
Michael W. O'Donnell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Carl.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks Carl.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold of Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Hey good morning guys.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: quick question on... originally, as it should have been scoping up in NIPSCO would be a talk of a need for 1000 megawatts and you obviously have rising [ph] that was going to be part of the filing. And I think I remember at the time you intended that you'd potentially bring another asset forward to fill that gap at some point in time. Can you... as you see the demand outlook today, there needs to be any change in your sense of the timing of the need for the second asset and on what sort of basis and timeframe would you be looking to see that introduced into the mix?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, fundamentally our outlook has not changed up. You'll recall and others will recall that we've filed a Comprehensive Integrated Resource Plan last year and showed over time the need for upwards of a 1000 megawatts. Sugar Creek goes a long way to filling that need and that's relatively immediate but there is dominant [ph] amount that we needed an additional 500 megawatt plus add to the portfolio. We on an ongoing basis are seeking to add that capacity through build or buy. Clearly that will not be captured in the current rate case, but we think over the next number of years, we will be adding an additional capacity to the system.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: So you are thinking that it's kind of out in time there will be on this next rate case.
Unidentified Company Representative: That's correct. It cannot be captured in the current rate case but again the need is relatively near term and our intent is to upsell by the need.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay and then I have one sort of more numbers question. Looking at the income statement, I think you had 36 million continuing operations pretax and then income taxes of 11.5. Yet your release says that the tax rate was 36.7. It sounds like it's more like 32. I was just wondering how you explain that difference?
Unidentified Company Representative: One last test for Michael O'Donnell
Michael W. O'Donnell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Give me a second. How about if we just come back to that.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: You can come back to that.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, we'll be responsive on that just give Mike and Tim a moment to run through the numbers.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: ...between what's in the text and what seems to be on the income statement.
Unidentified Company Representative: We run that down and get back to you, hopefully before the call is completed.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Leone Dawulf of Catapult Capital [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: I just wanted to double check, you guys said you took a reserve for the rest of this West Virginia royalty litigation. How much was the reserve in second quarter?
Unidentified Company Representative: We haven't disclosed the specific reserve... legal reserves, as a matter of fact we don't do that. We've not given definition around the reserves on timing.
Unidentified Analyst: Are you now more or less fully reserved for the original decision. I think it was like 400 million of which 270 was punitive.
Unidentified Company Representative: We would say that we're fully reserved given the trope court verdict...
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Fully reserved of our portion of the expulsion [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan of Citi. Please proceed.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Hi, good morning, guys. It's Faisel.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Just a question on the customer count the residential customer counts in for gas distribution down about 10,000 customers the residential side? And looking at the electric utility side equation, residential customers count up about 1,000, can you describe or gives us a little more inside on what's going on in the new jurisdictions?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes across the company on the gas side in particular, new customer additions are down dramatically. They are probably all 20% against our projections for this year. And this year's projections were down near historic close if not add historic close. And it's all the reflection of economic conditions in the housing industry in particular. And out outlook it's certainly not going to pick up this year and it's going to be slow next year, but we are off dramatically on new customer as and it could have been pretty consistent about saying. I would say that it's very consistent with the entire natural gas industry and again the economy.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Bob is it a particular territory that's hurting you because, I mean in the electric side the customer counts actually up, so I am just trying to figure what's the divergence there?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes it's up modestly, but on the gas that we are seeing a slowdown across the entire footprint, and you'd recall that, that our overall growth rate historically has been about 1% which is a little bit below the national average, and just really reflects this Mid-Atlantic, Mid-Western economies that were in. Historically, our largest area is for growth has been the Northern Virginia area, Central Ohio and both of those areas have slowed.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And I assuming that this is coming also at your Ohio gas jurisdiction unit, I mean is that mean that when you guys sign up for new storage capacity and new pipeline capacity on Columbia Gas of Ohio then on the and gas transmission and storage system, but the utility is that mean there will be an incremental capacity available for the open market that's blaming [ph] on any of the utility?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, hard to translate it quite that way. Historically, we have seen growth in peak days, peak day requirements even with reduced annual consumptions even with customer counts that slow. We... historically we've seen it, we may see a slowing in the growth of peak day, but we still have a considerable need for peak capacity. And at least this is my view as I sit here today that I don't see any material impact on Columbia Gas transmission and other pipeline suppliers that would you free upstream capacity or provide capacity for marketing elsewhere.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think by and large the portfolio remains as it is.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Then for the renewable power contract that you've signed with Iberdrola is that a capacity or is that a... what types of contract, is that an energy contract where you're paying a $6 dollar per megawatt hours delivered?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's a PPA [ph] for capacity up/down or megawatts.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And how does that... what are guys paying them while there a... because the competition work to...
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'm going to have to get back to on that. I don't have that detail at my finger tips, but we Randy can certainly provide you the details on.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, great, okay. Thanks guys.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: And I just suggest if you want to learn more commission approval so there is an order out there on the website I am sure that you can obtain or we can provide it.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Thanks, I pull that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elvira Scotto of Banc of America.
Elvira Scotto - Banc of America Securities: Hi, guys. For your gas transmission and storage of the projects that you have outlined, can you give us a sense for what your views on cost escalation, what's... how much of that can be passed on through your customers and what's been looked in and what are some of the things that you have done to potentially mitigate some of those?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, like others we views the variety of techniques to try to management. We have seen cost pressures and they varied depending on the type of the project and location that we have used a variety of techniques arrangements with contractors, cost sharing and the like, trying to ensure that we manage the project properly. But, we've also worked on the shipper side to try to structure contracts to pass along more share increases that we might incur on projects; so each one of these tends to vary both on the construction and the commercial side.
Elvira Scotto - Banc of America Securities: And what are you seeing in terms of labor availability for projects?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we are seeing general availability, but again the demand for specialized labor and resources has increased significantly.
Elvira Scotto - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: We'd mention that on Millennium Pipeline that we are currently constructing and actually the partnership is currently constructing. There are probably over a 1,000 workers deployed on that project alone this summer. Just given an order magnitude of the effort and how many folks were involved in it.
Elvira Scotto - Banc of America Securities: Right, right. Okay. Thank you very much.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Hey, we do have a bit of a clarification response from Mike O'Donnell on the question that Jonathan Arnold asked about taxes.
Michael W. O'Donnell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Bob. Jonathan if you're still on, the 36.7% effective tax rate relates to the six months period. The calculation you did was for the quarter and it was only 32% because the second quarter included about $1.5 million of AFUDC equity income, which is not taxable and therefore not included in the effective tax rate. So hope we that I'll clarify that's for you.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Mike.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Carl Kirst of BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Hey guys, just two quick follow-ups if I could...
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: On the [Indiscernible]. The first and this kind of goes back to the customer count we were talking about earlier. But, with respect to meter shut-off is that running about the same rate it has historically. What was that picking up year-over-year as somewhat of kind of a leading indicator or no?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes that number is up as you might expect given the economic condition. So it has tipped up. We have seen higher shut-off rates, but they have ticked up and I don't have the number at my finger tips, but it is up.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, okay. And then just for the clarification with respect to Ohio the conservation program the demand side management. I think you've mentioned it was something around the order of $25 million that we are going to hoping to get a wider put on. Is that $25 million the cost outlay from NiSource side that we are just going to be getting back in or is there a return of capital component on that or is there kind of an estimation of as you go out you spend perhaps usage continues to decline, and there some how true up to I am just trying to get a better sense of what that is?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: More of the along the lines that the first point you mentioned, $25 million three year program, so we spend it over three years. We've been effectively collected from the customers through the rider. We don't earn of return on the expenditures that there is a carrying charge cost of carry, cost of money component that would be reflected in the rider.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: So, I am sorry about, but just to make sure I understand, so there is not an equity return on components on that $25 million, I mean what...
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: You guys are going out and spending money to promote conservation granted you will spend, but it would still seem to me that we have an issue of obviously if usage continues to decline how does that get erective result?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: You probably where the rate case the Ohio rate case in fact all of our rate cases reflect proposals to adjust rate design.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: The rate design, okay, so that...
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's right and in Ohio, Columbia of Ohio along with other companies have been presume we call straight fixed variable rate design.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. So in the Ohio settlement to or otherwise we should be looking for hopefully a rate design change in that as well?
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Exactly...
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Right.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's the key component of the case. If you are interested you can look at recent President for Dukes Gas Company in Ohio where there has been a significant ship to straight fixed variable like what you design. You've also seen that issue proposed in Dominion East Ohio case.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Great.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's currently been litigated.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: I appreciate the clarification. Thank you.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Bob Skaggs.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Again we thank you for your participation, your interest and ongoing support. We will back at you with news and developments as they occur. So thanks so much, have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen L. Kettering - Sr. VP, Corporate Affairs Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and CEO
Analysts: Brook Glenn Mullin - J. P. Morgan Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day ladies and gentleman and welcome to the First Quarter 2008 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. My name is Karen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question and answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed.
Glen L. Kettering - Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs: Thank you very much and good morning to everyone. On behalf of NiSource, I would like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. We appreciate the opportunity to be with you today and thank you for taking the time to join us. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike O'Donnell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Randy Hulen, Director of Investor Relations. As you know the focus of today's call is to review our first quarter 2008 financial performance and provide a business update. We then will open the call to your questions. I would like to remind all of you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is included in the management's discussion and analysis section of our 2007 Form 10-K which was filed on March the 5th of this year with the SEC. And now, I'll turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Glen. Good morning and thanks for joining us. Today I am pleased to provide a review of NiSource's first quarter earnings and an update on a number of business initiatives that demonstrate NiSource's execution of its balanced plan to deliver long-term sustainable growth. As we point out in this morning's news release, NiSource's first quarter results reflect solid fundamentals are consistent with our business outlook and are squarely in line with the earnings and guidance of $1.25 to $1.35 per share that we provided for the 2008 through 2010 timeframe. As I said when we first provided our outlook, we have fully expected earnings to fall within the lower part of the range during 2008. So we established the necessary foundation for long-term growth. NiSource today reported net operating earnings non-GAAP of $189.3 million or 69% per share for the three months ended March 31, 2008, a decrease from $205.4 million or $0.75 per share for the first quarter of 2007. Operating earnings non-GAAP were $394.7 million compared to $428.5 million for the same period in 2007. First quarter net operating earnings compared to the year ago period were affected by NIPSCO items: non-recoverable purchased power expenses and non-recoverable Midwest Independent System Transmission Operator, MISO charges, relating to prior periods as well as increased operating and maintenance expenses. These impacts were partially offset by higher net revenues and lower interest expenses. With respect to the two NIPSCO regulatory-related items which negatively impacted operating earnings by nearly $0.03 a share, I would note that the MISO charges are basically non-recurring in nature and as such aren't expected to affect the company's earnings in the future. With respect to the non-recoverable purchased power cost, assuming the timely acquisition of the Sugar Creek generating facility, we believe our exposure to non-recovery would be significantly mitigated going forward. I'll expand a bit on this point later in my remarks. As a reminder, we focus on net operating earnings and operating earnings, both non-GAAP measures because we believe these measures better represent the fundamental earnings strength and performance of the company. These measures normalize for weather and certain other items such as restructuring charges, asset sales, impairments and significant reserve changes. For a reconciliation of net operating earnings and operating earnings to GAAP, please see schedules 1 and 2 of our news release which is also available at nisource.com. From a business standpoint, across each of our major segments, NiSource continued to execute on an aggressive range of regulatory, commercial and infrastructure-driven investment initiatives during the first quarter that are central to our four-part business strategy. Again, our strategy centers on expansion of and commercial growth in our Gas Transmission and Storage business, regulatory and commercial initiatives at our regulated utilities, financial management and process and expense management. Supporting that strategy is our unprecedented capital investment program, which this year is expected to exceed $1.3 billion and thereafter is targeted at about $1 billion annually. One more prefacing comment prior to my review the progress we're making. I would underscore that the steps we're taking this year are fundamental to establishing sustainable drivers of long-term earnings and cash flow growth for our shareholders. Starting with our Gas Distribution segment, during the first quarter, two of NiSource's largest gas distribution utilities filed for infrastructure-driven rate increases. In Pennsylvania, Columbia of Pennsylvania filed for a rate increase in January with Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission of approximately $60 million annually or about 10%. The rate case synchronizes with the recent launch of Columbia of Pennsylvania's 20-year $1.4 billion gas distribution improvement program. It's also in sync with our efforts to support recently introduced legislation in Pennsylvania that will facilitate the timely recovery of costs associated with natural gas infrastructure improvements. The Pennsylvania increase is expected to become effective in the fourth quarter this year. Meanwhile, in neighboring Ohio, Columbia Gas of Ohio filed a base rate case in March with the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio seeking an annual revenue increase of $80 million annually or about 6% with new rates to be effective during the fourth quarter of this year. The Ohio filing is integrated with COH's 25 million... 25 year 2 billion plus dollar infrastructure replacement program. The stage was set for the COH rate case in December when the company reached a landmark agreement with regulatory stakeholders that establishes the framework for operations under the company's customer choice program for the next several years and provides for a wholesale gas supply auction by early 2010. In a development that we believe bodes well for our long-term infrastructure investment plans, on April 9th, the Ohio Commission approved, with minor modifications, a joint stipulation that clarifies Columbia of Ohio's operational responsibilities for customer-owned service lines and risers. Notably, the recovery mechanism has been established for Columbia to collect certain repair or replacement costs for service lines and risers. We will be investing approximately $120 million under this program over the next several years. In Massachusetts, we encountered a bit of setback earlier this week when the Department of Public Utilities turned down a Bay State Gas request seeking an adjustment to its rates. In a nutshell, Bay State was seeking a special adjustment under its performance-based rate plan to recover the impact of decline in customer usage since its last rate case as well as a tracking mechanism to recover costs associated with the company's bare steel replacement program. Essentially, the Commission ruled that these items did not meet the extraordinary economy consequences test under the PBR plan. At this point, we are in the process of reviewing the order and assessing our rehearing or appeal options. I note that we continue to have the ability under the PBR to adjust our rates on an annual basis under a formula reflecting inflation, productivity and other factors. Our most recent adjustment, almost $6 million, took effect late last year. And finally, in February, NiSource announced that Unitil Corporation agreed to purchase Northern Utilities and Granite State Gas Transmission for $160 million plus an estimated $25 million in working capital items. Working with our counterparts in Unitil, the team continues to work towards securing the necessary regulatory reviews and approvals for a planned fourth quarter closing. As you can see, a central feature of NiSource's long-term strategy continues to be the synchronization of our significant infrastructure replacement programs and enhancement projects with thoughtful, collaborative regulatory initiatives such as those underway in Pennsylvania and Ohio. Successful execution of these initiatives requires sharp management focus as well as the commitment to develop and implement constructive, collaborative approaches to address business and regulatory issues affecting our company and our customers. We believe that this is a NiSource core competency and we're encouraged with the progress our Gas Distribution team is making in advancing our plans. I'm confident we'll deliver on these commitments. A final note on Gas Distribution. I'm pleased to report that we recently welcomed aboard our new group CEO, Jimmy Staton. Jimmy has deep experience and a proven track record of delivering results in businesses very similar to ours. He'll provide a central point of responsibility for directing our various Gas Distribution operations, infrastructure and investment programs and regulatory initiatives in Kentucky, Maryland, New England, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Virginia. Jimmy's employment completes our transition to a business unit leadership approach with Eileen Odum leading NiSource's Indiana business operations and Chris Helms leading NiSource Gas Transmission and Storage, or as we refer to it, NGT&S. Moving to NGT&S, our teams continued to advance a steady stream of pipeline and storage growth projects designed to provide enhanced supply access and to meet ongoing demand growth throughout our market areas. The first quarter began with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission authorizing the Eastern Market Expansion Project, the nearly 100,000 dekatherm per day expansion of our pipeline, compression and storage network to serve markets in the Mid-Atlantic region. Four customers: Washington Gas, Columbia Gas Virginia, the City of Charlottesville Virginia and Eastern Utilities have all executed 15 year contracts for the combined storage and transportation services. Construction on the Eastern Market Expansion began in April and is scheduled to be completed in the second quarter of 2009. In April, the FERC also authorized Millennium Pipeline Company's implementation plan for its 2008 construction activities. This brings us yet another step closer, placing that project into service during the fourth quarter of this year. Also in March, NGT&S filed an application with the FERC to expand its ability to transport natural gas from the Appalachian Supply Basin in southern West Virginia and eastern Kentucky. This project is also underpinned by 15 year contracts. This time with CNX Gas Company, Equitable Production Company and Chesapeake Appalachian LLC, all key producers in the Appalachian Basin with very substantial production programs. The $40 million Appalachian expansion project will add a new nearly 10,000 horsepower compressor station along Columbia Gas Transmission's existing pipeline system in West Virginia, enabling it to move an incremental 100,000 dekatherms more gas per day. We're targeting an in service during the fourth quarter of 2009. NGT&S also announced an open season in February for the New Penn Pipeline, which would provide up to 500,000 dekatherms of firm transportation service from Leidy storage in Pennsylvania to a new interconnection with the Millennium Pipeline in Steuben County, New York. I pointed out that we're seeing an unprecedented level of drilling activity in the Appalachian area, which will continue to spur a need for additional transmission and storage capacity. We have an unparalleled Appalachian Basin franchise and needless to say, we're very excited about the opportunity this is providing and will continue to provide for our NGT&S business. To state the obvious, advancing our growing array of other expansion projects that are in various stages of the development process continues to be a key focus for a ambitious 2008 agenda. In completing the NGT&S business review, I would be remiss if I didn't acknowledge the tremendous and tireless efforts of our NGT&S team in responding to the devastating tornado that destroyed our Columbia Gulf Hartsville Tennessee compressor station in February. This was a major mainline compressor station with over 50,000 horsepower of compression capability. While thankfully there were no injuries at the station, there were devastating losses throughout the surrounding region from this natural disaster. Concerted effort has been on going to restore that community and to recover Columbia's lost horsepower capacity at Hartsville on both a near-term and long-term basis. Temporary compression arrangements are expected to be in place at Hartsville within the next few months that will restore Columbia Gulf to its certificated capacity level in time to complete the storage injection season. A permanent solution is expected to be completed during late 2009. Also on Columbia Gulf, you'll recall that we experienced a rupture on our line 100 near Delhi, Louisiana in December of last year. Our NGT&S team is working to lift the pressure reduction on line 100. Again, we expect this situation to be resolved by mid year. Lastly and in a somewhat related matter, we continue to move forward with the development of a master limited partnership as a key component in our NGT&S strategy. As many of you know in December 2007, NiSource's new subsidiary, NiSource Energy Partners L.P. filed a registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The MLP's initial asset will be Columbia Gulf's 34,000 mile pipeline system, stretching from Louisiana to Kentucky West Virginia border. Although the temporary loss of our Hartsville Station has been a setback in our MLP public offering process, Chris Helms and his team have a solid game plan in place for moving forward on the MLP IPO later this year. Shifting to our electric operations, NIPSCO also remains on track with robust business agenda, dominated by initiatives related to investments in new electric generation capacity and the mid-year filing of electric rate case with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission. As you may be aware, FERC approved NIPSCO's purchase of the Sugar Creek gas-fired combined cycle generating facility in February and we hope that the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission will follow suit with their approval in the second quarter of this year. NIPSCO's $330 million investment in Sugar Creek will significantly mitigate the impact of the settlement NIPSCO reached with the regulatory stakeholders in 2007 to resolve matters related to the cost of purchased electric power to meet growing demand. That settlement included a so-called benchmark that governs the allocation of costs for purchased power between customers and NIPSCO. It's based on the cost of power generated by a hypothetical natural gas-fired combined cycle generating facility using gas purchased by and delivered to NIPSCO. In addition, the benchmark defines the price below which customers will pay for FERC's powers and above which NIPSCO must absorb a portion of those costs. As anticipated, the benchmark has resulted in NIPSCO absorbing almost $4 million in purchase power costs that reduced net revenues during the first quarter of 2008. Looking forward, as we add new generating capacity, the benchmark will be adjusted. As a result, with the pending acquisition of the Sugar Creek plant, we believe our prospective exposure around this settlement [ph] will be mitigated significantly. It's also important to note the settling parties agreed to support NIPSCO's deferral and future recovery of carrying costs and depreciation associated with the acquisition of new electric generating facilities. In addition to the Sugar Creek purchase, NIPSCO is working to address its long-term capacity needs in the form of renewable wind energy supplies and conservation programs. Likewise, NIPSCO is in the process of evaluating options to meet its generating capacity needs in light of last week's announcement, BP Alternative Energy's planned purchase of Whiting Clean Energy and the Whiting Clean Energy facility from NiSource for $210 million. In December, as many of you know, BP Alternative Energy indicated its intent to exercise contractual right of first refusal related to NIPSCO's offer to purchase the Whiting Clean Energy facility. On April 18th, NiSource reached an agreement with BP Alternative Energy for its purchase of the Whiting facility. That transaction is expected o close within a few months. Now let me shift to an overview of NiSource's first quarter operating earnings. Gas Distribution operations reported operating earnings of $255.5 million compared to operating earnings of $250.9 million for the first quarter of 2007. Net revenues excluding the impact of trackers increased $15.2 million, primarily attributable to increased residential and commercial volumes and regulatory initiatives and other service programs. Operating expenses excluding the impact of trackers were $9.1 million higher than the comparable quarter due primarily to increases in employee and administrative costs, environmental expenses pertaining to former manufactured gas plant sites and other tax. Gas Transmission and Storage operations recorded operating earnings of $104.4 million versus operating earnings of $107.3 million in the first quarter of 2007. The decrease resulted primarily from higher operating expenses and the impact of business interruption insurance proceeds that improved last year's results. Operating expenses increased by $4.6 million excluding the impact of trackers, which are offset in revenues due to higher pipeline integrity management costs and employee and administrative costs. Partially offsetting these impacts were higher net revenues from firm capacity reservation fees. This was the result of higher Columbia Gas Transmission transportation deliveries from the Hardy storage field and incremental demand revenues from new inter connects along the Columbia Gulf pipeline system. Electric Operations reported operating earnings of $38 million versus operating earnings of $73.3 million from the same quarter last year. Lower net revenues and higher operating expenses both contributed to the lower operating earnings. Net revenue decreased by $15.7 million, due primarily to non-recoverable MISO charges related to prior periods and non-recoverable purchase power costs under the benchmark settlement that I just discussed. Lower residential and commercial margins in the quarter were partially offset by higher industrial and wholesale margins. Operating expenses increased by $19.6 million, due primarily to higher employee and administrative cost, and electric generation of maintenance expenses. A portion of the increase in employee and administrative cost was due to an accounting adjustment that reduced benefits extensions about $5.7 million during 2007. The higher generation the maintenance expenses of $7.4 million were primarily due to planned turbine and boiler maintenance activities. Just a brief note with respect to the MISO cost, they resulted from a reallocation of charges previously built by MISO to various market participants. The reallocation was prompted by FIRC returning MISO's original allocation. Unfortunately, the reallocation resulted in increased charges to NIPSCO with about $7.6 million relating to period's prior to December of 2005, which made them non recoverable pursuant to the terms of a prior IURC order. While this issue was well as well as the benchmark matter, adversely impacted earnings for the quarter. The bright spot is that we view the MISO charges, as effectively one time items and again assuming Sugar Creek plan is in the portfolio within the next month or so, we'll be in a position to minimize the impact of the benchmark. Other operations reported operating earnings loss of $0.5 million compared with operating earnings of $0.3 million in the prior period. Notably, these results no longer include earnings associated with the Whiting Clean Energy facility. In light of BP Alternative Energy's spending purchase of the facility, earnings associated with Whiting's operations have been reclassified to discontinued operations for the current and comparable periods. Other operations primarily include commercial and industrial gas marketing activities. Turning to interest expense. Notably, interest expense decreased by $7.3 million during the course of the first quarter due primarily to lower short-term interest rates and the retirement late in 2007 of high cost debt associated with the Whiting facility. Just a few comments on income from continuing operations GAAP. On a GAAP basis, NiSource reported income from continuing operations for the three months ended March 31, 2008 of $189.4 million or $0.69 per share compared with $206.5 million or $0.75 per share in the same period a year ago. Operating income was $394.8 million versus $430.4 million in 2007. The decrease in earnings was primarily due to the impacts already discussed. In the first quarter of 2008, NiSource began accounting for the operations of Northern Utilities, Granite State Gas and Whiting Clean Energy as discontinued operations. As such, net income of $6 million and $0.02 per share from continuing operations was reclassified as net income from discontinued operations for the three months ended March 31, 2008, and $2.7 million or $0.01 per share was reclassified for the three months ended March 31, 2007. In the first quarter of 2008, NiSource recorded an estimated after-tax loss of $96.1 million, $0.35 per share for the disposition of these operations. Net assets for Northern Utilities, Granite State Gas and Whiting Clean Energy of $397.4 million and $481.9 million have been reclassified to assets and liabilities held for sale on the consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007 respectively. I would refer you to schedule one for a complete list of the items included in 2008 and 2007 GAAP income from continuing operations, but excluded from net operating earnings. Focusing on liquidity for a moment, net cash flows from operating activities for the three months ended of March 31, 2008 were $846 million, an increase of $67.6 million over the first three months of 2007. Cash generated from inventory and accounts payable was partially offset by increases in accounts receivable. Cash used for capital expenditures was $42.9 million higher than last year as a result of the infrastructure-driven growth strategy. To wrap up, NiSource's overall financial performance for the quarter is consistent with our business plan, and as I mentioned earlier, fully in line with our outlook of $1.25 to $1.35 per share. Again, I'm pleased with the strong progress our team is making on executing our aggressive game plan, although admittedly, we have much more to accomplish before the year is over, in particular executing in our major infrastructure programs, successfully concluding our rate proceedings and advancing our NGT&S growth agenda. As is abundantly clear from these long list of initiatives, we view 2008 as a pivotal year in our long-term growth strategy, and I can assure you that the entire team's intently focused on delivering on these commitments. As always, we remain committed to communicating with our investors in a transparent and timely manner regarding these and all of our efforts. Ongoing updates will be provided through our analyst calls and news releases posted on nisource.com. Thanks again for your participation today and for your continued interest and support of NiSource. We are grateful. At this point, we'll open up the call to questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Brook Glenn Mullin with J. P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Brook
Brook Glenn Mullin - J. P. Morgan: Good morning. Can you just walk us through the process for replacing the capacity that you would have gotten from Whiting?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, right now, we are investigating on a long-term base how we add additional capacity. And there are several courses of action we can take. Number one, we can purchase capacity under what I would call a purchase power agreement or purchase capacity agreement. So that's one viable near-term option. The second option is we could go back to market, review options for the purchase of facilities comparable to Whiting and facilities that we had seen in earlier RFP proceedings. The third option is that we could look at a build option. And at this point I'll just be clear, we are not necessarily thinking of building big major base load generating facilities. It would be more along the lines of a CCGT that we considered with Whiting and Sugar Creek. And then the fourth option would be to do a combination of all the above. So that's the process that the team is literally involved in as we speak to address capacity. We clearly need capacity long term to bolster our reserve margins and we are committed to doing that over time.
Brook Glenn Mullin - J. P. Morgan: Could you just give us a sense of timing as to when sort of the decision as to what route you will go?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: I can't give you a definitive timeline, but it is certainly going to be latter part of this year, perhaps even into next year. Right now the priorities are one, certification of Sugar Creek to get that facility up and running so that we have that in the fleet for this summer. And then second priority is ensuring we get this NIPSCO rate case properly developed, properly communicated and then filed with the Commission by mid July. So I see this process of deciding where to go next on capacity unfolding somewhat parallel to the rate case. Clearly, Brook, though, it could spill into next year as we, working with our stakeholders, get a better view on where we need to go.
Brook Glenn Mullin - J. P. Morgan: Okay. And then just lastly, can you remind us what the test year will be for the NIPSCO filing?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Calendar year 2007, the procedures do provide for certain updating as we go throughout 2008.
Brook Glenn Mullin - J. P. Morgan: Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, how are you guys doing?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Ben, how are you?
Unidentified Analyst: Well, I just wanted to know could you give us an update on the West Virginia court case? I haven't heard on that in a while. And then also, these numbers look a little light compared to Street consensus, but you are reiterating your full year. I was just wondering how you expect to make up that gap. I guess probably in Q4 perhaps, you seem to be seasonally weighted in your earnings.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, let me start with West Virginia, if you may recall and certainly other folks on the call recall that case is now before the West Virginia's supreme court we filed a petition for appeal at the supreme court there is not an automatic appeal in West Virginia you have to petition for that. We are confidant that the West Virginia court is going to grant that appeal, in fact the plaintiff in the case recently filed a motion to expedite the supreme courts hearing of the appeal and we are literally waiting for the court act on that. At the earliest, the court could even begin to hear this case, I believe is the fall term of the West Virginia court, given the way this is has unfolded my guess its unlikely they will hear the appeal this fall not saying that's going to happen but it just appears that's unlikely. So, my best guess non-legal guess is the court will hear the appeal in 2009. Now your second question about street consensus, from our announcements it does appear that the street consensus was significantly higher, relatively higher for the first quarter then what we've reported. However the street consensus for the year by our estimate is still about $30, and then as you mentioned and as we said during remarks we are still at $30 our review of the first quarter is and was a very solid quarter and consistent with plan, but one outliers for the quarter was the MISO reallocation of charges, that I mentioned in my remarks, that was the one outlier for the quarter, outlier for the year, but again we're saying we're on plan, and we felt like the first quarter was consistent with the plan, and we're still in $1.25 to $1.30 range, and as we've said consistently, probably at the lower end of the range 2008.
Unidentified Analyst: Did you consider reporting this maybe 2 weeks ago, or when you felt it was going to be light against maybe last week when you had the last press release?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Reporting... I'm sorry, Ben, reporting what?
Unidentified Analyst: Well, I'm saying... well, to the extent that you knew you were going to be lower than consensus, you recently went out with a press release on the Whiting sale.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we focus on really the annual results and... and quite frankly, we just did not focus on consensus for the quarter as opposed to where was the consensus for the year?
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: So the answer is no, we did not really consider going forward with an alert.
Unidentified Analyst: All right, thank you. No further questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually about Barry Klien [ph] of Citi.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Barry.
Unidentified Analyst: How are you?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Unidentified Analyst: Couple of question here. You talked about the MISO, the non recurring charges relating to the MISO charges --
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: But you didn't give an amount on that, the tornado, was there any impact, because they mean, I guess it took out the compressors at the beginning of February, and how much impact was in this quarter, and how much impact will we see going forward, and how much of a delay will we see in the MLP, any time table on that.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me start with the MISO, the non recoverable amount of attributable to the MISO ruling almost $8 million.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Pre-tax to that issue.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: The second point was the Hartsville incident and in terms of revenue impact, we don't see any material revenue impact from Hartsville, this is cover with insurance both from property loss and business interruption and again we believe that... we believe that it's going to be material to this year's earnings. Then the third one was the MLP and again I have restrictions on what I can say about the MLP and directionally what we are doing I can say a repeat what I said in the prepared remarks, that we intend to move forward the MLP IPO and we are talking to later this year. Focus, primary focus and I just want to underline this its getting the Hartsville situation, getting that compression replaced an operational by July and also mentioned the line 100 situation and the rupture we experienced Louisiana in December, we need to have pressure restrictions lifted, again we think we are going to have that done by mid year, but prior to advance in the need to get those two operational issues resolved. Again Chris, Helms and the team have done a marvelous job of getting them resolved and we believe that's going to be accomplished by July which is an incredible recovery given the extent of the loss at Hartsville.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And with regard to the sale of Whiting and your purchase power benchmark, how will the two jive? Will you be going over this benchmark and should we we see some hits to unrecoverable the purchase power?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: The Sugar Creek, the... the acquisition and putting Sugar Creek in service, we think will go a great way to... to mitigating, eliminating the exposure under the benchmark, and I mentioned the hypothetical benchmark was promised on a combined cycle gas turbine, that effectively is equivalent to Sugar Creek.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Again, the plan is to get that in service, this summer, and mitigate that exposure, again all of that has been baked into our outlook for this year, and really for a three year period.
Unidentified Analyst: I see. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And you next question comes from the line of John Hansen [ph]. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Just a follow up on a couple things that Brook was asking about with all the rate cases coming up here.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: You were outlining kind of the possible options you might have, but any of those options for the next tranche of generation, they would not necessarily be included in rate base for this perhaps, would they?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think its practical matter. We will not capture that next tranche in this rate case rate base.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. You mentioned that the test here would be 2007?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Calendar year 2007, but adjustment opportunities throughout 2008.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. As we look at that, what's your allowed return from the last rate case?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Ball Park, 12, ROE, and that's a ball park, that rate case was 20 plus years ago. So that's a ballpark number.
Unidentified Analyst: All right, all right. Well, maybe more relatively, what kind of return is in the 2007 12 months ended.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we're going to be approaching this rate case, and it will reflect returns that are consistent with the returns you are seeing being filed for and allowed in Indiana and other states. '07, what was the actual return?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, what was the actual return?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Was in the healthy lower teens.
Unidentified Analyst: All right, thank you very much.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raymond Luanne [ph] with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning everybody.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Couple of things. One, could you talk about the gas purchases in LA, and what does the short term debt, and given that short term are pretty high, and layering it on, what are financing plans that you have for this year, is hybrids still on the table, can you talk a little bit about that, and the second question I would have, any update on the economy/usage patterns, and maybe your uncollectible, has there been any pressure there? Thanks.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Let me start with the financing question. Just make a couple of observations. Number 1, we are in a fairly healthy cash position as we speak today. Having said that, we are going to be injecting gas over the summer, the gas LDC is at a much higher rate then we did last year and in prior year, so we are going to have some pressure on cash, ramble a bit. Hybrid, or not part of the current game plan, so just want to be clear, we don't see as that, as a preferred viable option that we consider near term. We still intend to go to the conventional debt market this year, we've quoted a range of 500 million to $700 million, we are looking at the market right now, we'll continue to look at the market over the coming weeks and months, we find the right opportunity, we consider going to the market, again conventional debt the range will be 500 to $700 million
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: In terms of, let me start with usage patterns, as you noticed when you looked at the results for our gas distribution companies, it would suggest that usage is hanging in there and in fact compared to our plan residential commercial usage is a little bit more robust than what we had expected, its still in that, the customer usage reduction rate is still in that 1% range give or take but its certainly not like the erosion we saw two years ago. So, we are guardedly optimistic and hopeful that residential commercial usage would hang in there, so that is good news continue to watch it very carefully, obviously price as at the $10 range do give you pause for concern, but we have not seem anything that's disturbing, in fact we have seen some help. What we have seen the impact of the economy of the customer, or customer adds new customer adds on the gas side of our business are down dramatically and say they are up 10% this year from the reduced level that we expected, so customer has a prior reason historic loss for us, typically we use to have 40 to 45,000 customers, we think its going to be more like 20 to 25,000 customers this year, again, that's baked in to our financial outlook, so we are sluggish and its all a function of the economy and new home construction. On the full side, we continue to see relatively strong industrial volume gas and electric, from the electric side the steel industry is robust, strong throughput their, strong margins and so we continue to see relatively encouraging industrial, large commercial throughput activities. And then I think the final thing that you mentioned were uncollectibles and again with prices in the economy as they are you do begin to see pressure on uncollectibles. We are seeing a modest up tick on exposure there but one thing has helped mitigate that exposure. We have been very aggressive on our collection activities over the past number of years. We continue to be aggressive on that front, so we see the up tick being somewhat modest and manageable. Last thing I would add is that we have fairly effective trackers in place for bad debt. Ohio's was the most notable tracker program we have in place, it's been very effective and so net we think the exposure is manageable.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Just one last question, any issues with respect to the sale in New England, any interveners or is it too early in the process?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's relatively early in the process but I am not aware of any intervener in the, in our any interveners or any issues that seem to be problematic at this point. The process seems to have gone relatively smooth. We're very pleased with view to our counter party. They have done a marvelous job. Our team has done a good job in the process and beginning work on integration and the like.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Goldem [ph] with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Josh.
Unidentified Analyst: My questions [indiscernible] I want to know when the last time that you sat down with some credit rating agencies and discussed your current plan [ph]. You are now BBB by S&P and Moody's. And I wanted to get a feel from you in your conversations with them how much leeway do you have at the low BBB ratings and do you think that you can remain investment grade?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me maybe start from the back. One, we have indicated our commitment to credit and investment grade. We do believe that we are going to be able to manage to stay investment grade. We spoke with the credit rating agencies in November of 2000. It was an expansive all of the credit rating agencies, a thorough, thorough, deep review that I led with Mike and the team of the five year business. Absolutely positively consistent with the guidance that we provide you, not only in terms of earnings, but the initiatives. Consistent with the capital program, five year capital program that we have showed you in the 10-K that we recently filed. So it was absolutely transparent, thorough, in depth with the credit rating agencies, and they will [indiscernible] after we went through that review. So I would say that we are committed to we feel like we manage through this. Three [ph] of the agencies have seen everything that we have in motion. And then maybe I would just close. Clearly, this year is a pivotal year. These are the largest rate case undertakings we have had. We have more than doubled the CapEx program. But everything we have in motion we think is fundamentally sound, makes long-term sense. We think the credit rating agencies agree with the long-term plan, take a look at their reports. I think they have a deep understanding of what they look forward to over in the next 12 to 18 months. We continue to work with them very closely to ensure they understand what we're doing and what we think as a plan for growth.
Unidentified Analyst: So just to clarify, you are strongly committed to investment grade ratings and would you do what's necessary to maintain those?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: We're strongly committed. We're going to look at the entire business going forward, and maintaining investment grade credit rating is critical to supporting the overall programs [ph] that we've launched and the way we see this business growing.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good morning, guys.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Aquick question. I mean you have several rate cases in the gas side already outstanding and then in the electric case, which I imagine is not really going to be a big factor in 2009 in terms of timing. But I'm wondering, you have this guidance out there that you expect earnings to be in the $1.25-$1.35 range over this year and the next two. I mean to what extent, as you see things today, does making that range in 2009 depend on decent constructive outcomes out of some of these cases? And to what extent would those represent upside to what you've laid out as your growth expectation?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, all of the cases are critical to 2009 going forward. We will have outcomes in Ohio and Pennsylvania this year. So there will be a full calendar year, fiscal year impact in 2009 from those cases. So those are absolutely critical to plan going forward. I would also add, just for clarity's sake, that NIPSCO is likely to have a 2009 impact. And given the size and magnitude of that case, that will be a significant... have a significant bearing on 2009. There are scenarios... a full litigation scenario in NIPSCO that that outcome would not be known till mid third quarter, pressing fourth quarter of 2009. So it's definitely relevant under virtually any scenario you can think of to 2009. I would say this that, again, we have thought long and hard about the guidance that we have provided everybody and the guidance assumes reasonable outcomes in all of our regulatory activity. When I say reasonable outcome, just to provide a little more color, in the middle of the fairway, we are not expecting homeruns or extraordinarily high rates of return out of these cases. These are fundamental basic cases. We are expecting good solid outcomes in these proceedings.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Would that encompass having to add an additional asset in NIPSCO, or if you end up with a kind of power purchase option, would that also get you where you need to be?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I am not sure how to respond to that. The case is what the case is going to be and you will see it when we file it in July and it will effectively reflect a Sugar Creek asset and it will not reflect another CCGT. I mentioned that in a prior answer that we don't see another asset being added to the rate base in this instant rate case.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. So that's a change since you kind of originally gave the guidance?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Again, we feel like what we have positioned in the rate case and what we have positioned with you externally and what our plan is again, we are saying that we feel good with the range that we've provided.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Again, just in the spirit of clarity, the longer term plan, we're in a rate case mode now in all of our states and we've been clear in saying that if an outcome is not what was expected or we feel is less than satisfactory, then we are going to be in the rate case filing mode if need be. And we've said that about infrastructure trackers, we have talked about rate design. I would just extend that to other assets and other needs that we might have throughout this period.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And I have just follow up. In your answer just now on the NIPSCO case and the timing, it seemed to suggest that the fully litigated scenario would not be your core scenario. Am I reading too much into what you said there?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, you probably are. Our regulatory philosophy is we try to work closely with our regulatory stakeholders. We prefer to reach negotiated resolution of entire cases or the bulk of cases. In NIPSCO, Ohio, Pennsylvania, we are working as we speak with our stakeholders on a variety of issues. And so we certainly prefer that approach as opposed to full blown litigation. Having said that, we've not been in a major rate case in Indiana for over 20 years, this case has many, many moving parts including the addition of capacity. We know cost allocation is going to be an issue in that case. That case has many moving parts, and given the passage of time and that sort of thing, we know this case is going to be closely scrutinized and folks are going to be involved in this case. So, again, preferred route, negotiated resolution that meets everybody's needs, but we also realize litigation might be required for all or part of that case.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks a lot for the extra color.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Mark Caruso with Millennium Partners. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning guys.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, how are you?
Unidentified Analyst: Good. Bob, I just want to circle back on the earlier question about conservation. I remember a couple of years ago there was a lot of conservation, you did the big study. I guess I just want to get your sense considering all that commentary about the economy and where natural gas is, how you think this time will be different than it was a few years ago when you were facing a sea of conservation issues?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: The last time the fly up was so sudden and so large relatively speaking. And I can't recall now, it's been a few years, but in certain respects, I think it doubled, maybe even gone up a little bit higher than that in a relatively short period of time on the heels of the hurricane activity in the Gulf. This time increases have been "relative", and I say that in quotes, relatively smooth, not quite as abrupt. And hopefully we are seeing consumers adjust accordingly. It's just not that abrupt turning down the thermostats or closing off rooms and the like. That's about all I can give you right now, although you will recall the studies that was done by us and the America Gas Association and others showed or demonstrated or approved a very strong elasticity to significant price movements. And over a period of time, the elasticity was shown. So again, right now, first quarter... fourth quarter of last year, consumer consumption hung in there. But I guess I'm saying there is some susceptibility to another drop. We just have not seen it yet and hopefully this smoothing, if that's the right term, is mitigating usage drops.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. Thanks so much. I appreciate it.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Maybe just one promo. A key part of the rate cases that we're pursuing is rate design changes to help address conservation, better alliance with our customers. And as you would expect, those are central parts of these cases.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks again, Bob.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, thanks.
Operator: And there are no additional questions at this time. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for closing remarks.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Again, this is Bob Skaggs. I just want to thank everybody for your participation, your interest in NiSource, your ongoing support. We look forward to speaking with you next time. Have a good day, good weekend.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen L. Kettering - Sr. VP, Corporate Affairs Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and CEO Michael W. O'Donnell - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Paul Ridzon - McDonald Investments Inc./Keybanc Capital Markets Faisel Khan - Citigroup Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Elvira Scotto - Bank of America
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2007 NiSource Earnings Conference Call. My name is Shekwana [ph] and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to your host for today Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed, sir.
Glen L. Kettering - Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs: Thank you and good morning to everyone. On behalf of NiSource, I would like to welcome you to our quarterly analyst call. We appreciate the opportunity to be with you today and thank you for taking the time to join us. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike O'Donnell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Randy Hulen, Director of Investor Relations. As you know, the focus of today's call is to review our fourth quarter and year-end 2007 financial performance, share key accomplishments our teams made during 2007 and provide you with some insight on our path forward in 2008. We'll then open the call to your questions. I'd like to remind you that some of the statements made on this conference call will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is included in the Management's Discussion and Analysis section of our Form 10-Q quarterly report for the third quarter of 2007, which was filed November the 2nd, 2007 with the SEC. Our annual Form 10-K will be filed in late February. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Glen. Good morning and thanks for joining us today. My comments this morning will be relatively brief to allow as much time as possible for your questions. First and foremost, I want to provide you with an overview of our fourth quarter and 2007 earnings outcome. Along the way, I'll highlight a few of the many key results and accomplishments our teams delivered during the year, then finally, I'll wrap up with a discussion of our outlook for 2008, which we view as the pivotal year on our path-forward business strategy. Now, a few reflections on 2007; which was in many ways a landmark year for NiSource. As those of you who follow NiSource know, we took aggressive steps during 2007 to clear the decks of distractions and position our company for long-term growth. We resolved a number of critical legacy issues, we solidified our commitment to managing and growing our core regulated business segments. And we set the stage to deliver long-term sustainable growth for our shareholders. With that foundational work largely complete, each of our business segments is now poised to do what they do best, execute on a path-forward strategy to become North America's premier regulated company. In many ways our new release this morning is a testament to our team's many accomplishments during the year, culminating in our reported net operating earnings per share of $1.37 non-GAAP for 2007. That result is slightly higher than the guidance we provided in May, and we believe it's consistent with our balanced and investment driven long-term earnings outlook. I will touch on that in more detail later. Our consolidated operated earnings non-GAAP for 2007 were almost $998 million, about $4 million less than 2006. Focusing on the fourth quarter, our net operating earnings non-GAAP for the three months ended December 31st, 2007 were $118.5 million, or $0.43 per share. That's about even with $116.9 million or again $0.43 per share for the fourth quarter of 2006. As I mentioned before, we focus on net operating earnings and operating earnings, both non-GAAP measures, because we believe these measures better represent the fundamental earnings strength and performance of the company. Schedules 1 and 2 in the news release reconcile net operating earnings and operating earnings to GAAP. I'd now like to briefly highlight some of the key results and accomplishments in each of our business segments. As I said before, the news release catalogs many of these in more detail, so here are just a few. First, our NiSource Gas Transmission and Storage segment delivered operating earnings of $371.8 million in 2007, which constituted about a $14 million increase over 2006. Net revenues, excluding trackers were up more than $13 million, despite low revenues from optimization-related services due to less volatility in the natural gas market. Impact from capacity and commodity revenues; have been strong compared to last year. Key driver behind this improvement is that the Columbia Gulf's mainline and onshore capacity is almost fully subscribed. Pipeline throughput has also increased, as a result of higher storage injections, gas-fired electric generation demands and increased marketing activities. GT&S also benefited during 2007 from enhanced equity earnings, in large part from our Hardy Storage partnership which began operation in April. As I've discussed on previous calls, an important initiative for us during 2007 was the development of a master limited partnership, which we view as a strong complement of our Gas Transmission and Storage growth strategy. In December, NiSource Energy Partners, LP filed a registration statement with the SEC. The following proposals and the initial public offering of 12.5 million common units with the initial asset being the 3400 mile Columbia Gulf system. As I've mentioned in the past and somewhat limited as to what I can say at this point, regarding the development of our MLP. Moving beyond the MLP, our GT&S team has also advanced a number of key growth projects, such as the $140 million eastern market expansion, which the FERC approved just this month. The team also recently proposed a major expansion of capacity into the Florida Gas Transmission system. The team executed on several new low-cost, but high return connections to the Columbia Gulf system and in turn Millennium large construction on the first major new pipeline to metropolitan New York in decades. As you can see, developing and executing on the steady stream of pipeline and storage growth projects remains a key plank in our long-term growth platform. Another key component of our strategy is synchronizing commercial and regulatory initiatives with major infrastructure enhancement projects in our Gas Distribution segment. And here again; we made significant strides during 2007. From a long-term growth standpoint, the latest breaking news in the Gas Distribution segment is in Pennsylvania, where on Monday, Columbia Gas at Pennsylvania filed a base rate case seeking $60 million per year increase in the company's base rates to be effective during the fourth quarter of 2008. But Pennsylvania rate case follows more than a year of advance preparation, including our 2007 launch of a 20-year, $1.4 billion gas infrastructure enhancement program across Pennsylvania. Synchronizing infrastructure investments of this type, with complimentary regulatory initiatives is of course central to our growth strategy. In Pennsylvania, for example, a number of key stakeholders are now supporting legislation that would establish a timely cost recovery mechanism for natural gas infrastructure improvements. Meanwhile, in neighboring Ohio, Columbia Gas of Ohio and other stakeholders reached a landmark agreement in December that provides Columbia of Ohio and its key stakeholders with critically important certainty for the future. The agreement establishes the framework for operations under the company's CHOICE program for the next several years and provides for a wholesale gas supply auction by early 2010. With this agreement in place, the stage is now set for Columbia Gas of Ohio to proceed with its infrastructure oriented base rate case proceeding; in fact our notice of intent to solve that case will be submitted yet this week. Also during 2007, Columbia Gas of Virginia received approval to implement an off-system sales and capacity release incentive mechanism effective this month. Bay State Gas received approval for $6 million increase in base rate, effective last November 1st. Northern Indiana Public Service Company received approval in May for a rate simplification program that benefits both the company and customers. And Columbia Gas Kentucky received approval of a rate case settlement that increases revenues by $7.25 million. On an earnings basis, our Gas Distribution Operations reported operating earnings of $350.2 million for 2007, compared with $373.8 million for 2006. Net revenues, excluding trackers were up nearly $23 million for this segment, due to customer growth, regulatory initiatives and other service programs. These increases were more than offset by increased operating expenses, in fact as our news release points out, significant portion of the increased cost in each of our business segments related to the pricing structure under our business services agreement with IBM. We successfully restructured that agreement in the fourth quarter and going forward, we expect cost to be stabilized and quality to be improved. The accomplishments in our Gas Distribution segments speak to our continued commitment to take constructive, collaborative approaches to address business and regulatory issues affecting our company and our customers. That same approach holds true in our Electric business, where we reported 2007 operating earnings of $288.8 million. Those earnings compare with $314.1 million for 2006. Net revenues in our Electric business were up by $15.2 million, excluding trackers due to increased wholesale margins, residential and commercial deliveries, lower unrecoverable MISO charges, sales of emission allowances and overall customer growth. It's notable that revenues were up, even after $16.2 million accrual in the third quarter related to a NIPSCO purchase power settlement reached in November. Overall, operating earnings were down for the Electric business again, because revenue increases were more than offset by higher operating expenses. The purchase power settlement that I just mentioned was more in a several steps taken to set the stage with company's upcoming rate case. First, NIPSCO reached a settlement with regulatory stakeholders and large customers, resolving matters related to the cost of purchasing electric power to meet growing market demand. Then NIPSCO filed an Integrated Resource Plan or IRP with the Indiana Commission, outlining plans to meet increase customer demand for about 1000 megawatts of power by 2014. The IRP concluded that the best alternative to meeting that need would be the acquisition of gas-fired combined cycle generating capacity. And finally, in late November NIPSCO filed a request with the Commission to authorize the purchase of the Sugar Creek Power Plant, of 535 megawatt combined cycle gas cogeneration facility, owned by LS Power Group and NiSource's Whiting Clean Energy facility, a 525 megawatt combined cycle gas cogeneration facility, both facilities were successful bidders in a request for proposal process. The latest news on that front is that BP has indicated desire to exercise its contractual right of first refusal to purchase the Whiting facility for the same price offered by NIPSCO. For its part, NIPSCO is reviewing potential alternative, should BP acquire the Whiting facility. As in this side, I should note that our Indiana segment is benefiting from the energy and the leadership of Eileen Odum, who joined NiSource in December as Executive Vice President and Group CEO of our Indiana Companies. Eileen is charged with profit and loss responsibility for Indiana businesses. Chris Helms has the same responsibility for our Gas Transmission and Storage segment and we plan to name a third Group CEO for our Gas Distribution segment during the first quarter of the year. We believe providing a single point of P&L responsibility for each of our business segments is key to driving execution. Back to 2007 results, since I mentioned Whiting earlier, I am also pleased to report significantly improved results in our so called Other Operation segments, primarily as a result of our first full year of Whiting's redefined agreement with BP. Other operations logged earnings of $9.2 million, versus a loss of $24.3 million in 2006. The $33.5 million improvement is primarily driven by positive results from Whiting. Finally, on the financial management front, I would like to remind you that in late August, NiSource successfully issued $800 million of senior unsecured notes maturing in 2018. The fact that our finance team was able to successfully complete this plan placement, despite choppy market conditions is evidence of NiSource's strong capital access and liquidity. Speaking of liquidity, net cash flows from operating activities for the year ended December 31st, 2007 were about $771 million, a decrease of $385 million from the $1.2 billion of cash flow in the year ended December 31st, 2006. You'll recall that the 2006 cash flow amount was unusually high, because of working capital changes, beginning in late 2005, stemming from cold weather and higher natural gas prices. Beyond the short-term changes in working capital, increases in net income and changes in deferred taxes, totaling $169 million improved net cash flow from operating activities relative to last year. Before leaving the topic of capital excess, I'd note that both Moody's and Standard & Poor's confirmed investment grade credit ratings for NiSource in late 2007. In the process, we were encouraged by the agencies favorable view of our business profile by accomplishing key milestones and continuing to deliver solid financial performance, we expect improvement in our ratings over time. The impressive list of 2007 key accomplishments is proved positive of our team's ability to execute on our game plan, to position the company to deliver on our four-part business plan for long-term sustainable growth. We moved aggressively and powerfully to clear the deck... decks of distractions, engage our stakeholders, make disciplined investments and position our teams to execute on NiSource's growth strategy. We also recognize some of the actions taken during 2007 to establish a foundation for future growth, will place pressure on NiSource's earnings in 2008. For example, our planned acquisition of new generating facilities will impact earnings, prior to the resolution of our electric rate case. Having said that, with our regulatory and commercial initiatives now firmly in queue; we are excited about the prospects for long-term earnings growth for NiSource. The bottom line is that we continue to believe that net operating earning per share for the 2008-2010 period will fall within a range of $1.25 to $1.35 per share on a non-GAAP basis. On a GAAP basis for 2008, the lower end of the range for basic earnings per share from continuing operations is $1.23 per share, due to transition cost associated with the amendment... amended IBM agreement that are projected to impact 2008 by approximately $0.02 per share. For 2009 and 2010, there are no forecasted differences between the ranges for the GAAP and non-GAAP measures. We believe that our forecast range reasonably reflects NiSource's near term earnings expectations, as our path-forward strategy unfolds over the course of the next few years. Thereafter, we expect our ongoing capital investment program and our growth projects currently in the pipeline to begin producing meaningful and sustainable annual growth in our earnings per share. With that in mind, 2008 will indeed be a pivotal year in our strategy with three critical areas of execution. First, we are focused on achieving our key regulatory initiatives, including gas base rate cases in Pennsylvania and Ohio, as well as NIPSCO's electric rate case scheduled for filing on July 1st, 2008. Second, we're advancing our NGT&S growth strategy, including securing approvals and timely construction of announced projects, developing an array of potential new growth opportunities and continuing with formation of NiSource Energy Partners. And finally, we are executing our major infrastructure enhancement projects, which will constitute a significant portion of NiSource's more than $1 billion annual capital investment program for the 2008 to 2010 period. And the capstone is that our entire team is energized, engaged and committed to this plan and quite frankly, as a regulated energy company, we welcome these priorities. This is absolutely what we do best. As always, we remain committed to communicating with our investors and all our stakeholders in a transparent and timely manner regarding these and all of our efforts. Ongoing updates will be provided through our analyst calls and new releases, posted on nisource.com. Thanks again for participating today and for your ongoing interest and support in NiSource. With that, we'll open the call to questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Josh Gordon [ph] with JP Morgan, Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi Good morning, just briefly. You touched on your investment grade credit ratings. Standard & Poor's did downgrade you in the quarter, couple of questions. Can you give me some color on the conversations that you've had with the rating agencies, also what metrics do you need to maintain to achieve investment grade ratings? Also given the amount of CapEx plans that you have on deck, would you be willing to let the ratings fall below investment grade?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Josh. Let me start with the last comment and just make it abundantly clear one more time that we are absolutely committed to investment grade competitive ratings and we have been working diligently to that position. Even as we go forward, this is very ambitious investment program. With the credit rating agencies in the way of color, very candid straight revolving around five-year plan that is very consistent with the earnings outlook that we had projected, the capital programs that we've been talking about, the regulatory and commercial activities that we've tried to share with everybody. So the agencies were involved in thoroughly reviewing, talking with me personally about that five-year plan and we believe their investment grade... maintaining the investment grade ratings both Standard & Poor's and Moody's reflects their understanding of what we are doing and I think their support of this plan makes sense and is worthy of investment grade ratings for foreseeable future.
Unidentified Analyst: So, you would... it's fair to characterize if there is significant cushion than at the low BBB ratings?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me start over the macro statement and then I'll turn it over to Mike. We understand that we need to execute in and some of our prepared remarks reflect this plan, particularly 2008 is focused on execution. And we think whether you are looking at earnings, cash, operating results, very ambitious plan and we have to execute. So that's first and foremost. We don't think in terms of broad latitude, we think we need to hit, squarely hit this plan.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Mike, metrics?
Michael W. O'Donnell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think that's the best way to put it Bob, is hitting the plan. We were very candid, I think with the agency showing the five-year plan, that has increased capital investments and corresponding increases in debt over that time period and after reviewing that plan and considering the business position of the company the results came back from both S&P and Moody's and we should remember that which is pending, they had the same presentation, but haven't taken any action.
Unidentified Analyst: Do you have a range of debt-to-capital that you would like to stay in?
Michael W. O'Donnell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think we would like to stay under 60%.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay
Michael W. O'Donnell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And on the key ratio, but I don't think I have a number that's definitive but the... the FFO to debt ratio is calculated a little different at S&P and Moody's but same basic concept; they are really the key ratios.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: And may be just to belabor the point, again if you read those reports from Standard & Poor's and Moody's carefully, they understand that execution is the key and if we do execute, they certainly provided some reason to be optimism that the ratings have room for improvement over time.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carrie St. Lewis [ph] with Fidelity. Please proceed
Unidentified Analyst: Hi Bob.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Carrie, how are, you?
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for those helpful comments on the balance sheet and credit outlook. I just wanted to touch on a couple of things. First, I was wondering, I know it's probably difficult to comment, but with respect to BP exercising its right of first refusal, what are the next steps there and when can we get some clear resolution?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: We are currently in discussions with BP around their proposal and as you would expect there are... this is a very evolved arrangement, involving things such as environmental permits, consents and the like. We are engaged in intense conversions with them from our side and I believe from the BP side, both parties are working very, very hard to move this along with dispatch. And so from the corporate perspective, we want to move this, BP wants to move it, clearly from the operating company, NIPSCO, they need clarity on whether they have Whiting or they don't have Whiting. So all parties are moving with dispatch, don't have a firm timeline to give you on when this might be resolved, but clearly it needs to be done sooner rather than later. So I would think in terms of weeks and months as opposed to many, many months.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And I mean, is the process such that you could solicit third party bids or how does it work to kind of... I mean is there an opportunity for there to be like some market value placed on it. How do we get there?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Currently BP has the exclusive right to match, if you will, the bid that the NIPSCO put on this. So it is not an open market process at this point, it really is in BP's court at this point.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: And again I would just go back to the original process that NIPSCO went through. They went through a very, very robust comprehensive tested market and we think the pricing is fair.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And so if this does go the way that of BP, does that kind of bring into question NIPSCO settlement on the purchased power situation or do you just have to find an alternative?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's more the latter, we are still bound by the so-called FAC settlement provisions and as you recall, there is benchmark pricing and the like that we have to... we have to abide by. So we are pursuing in a fast-forward way commission certification or approval to go on and acquire Sugar Creek.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: That certainly goes a long way to satisfying that benchmark. However, you'll also recall that our IRP indicated that we are at 1000 megawatt short of capacity. So under any scenario, we need capacity, more capacity than just one unit to satisfy what we think is a long-term need and either with Whiting or without Whiting, we're going to go on and satisfy that capacity need at NIPSCO.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And just to go over some questions about CapEx, I know you guys talked about $1 billion annually through '08 to '10 but if I remember correctly, this year might be slightly higher due to Sugar Creek?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then I was wondering if you could talk about '08 funding and just general pass on how you would be accessing capital markets?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. We can give you the outline of the '08 financing plan I am going to refer to Mike on that Carrie.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay thanks
Michael W. O'Donnell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes thanks Bob. Carrie, it will probably be past the midpoint of the year, but early fall we probably will do some debt market financing. I don't know the exact amount yet, but it will depend in part on whether Sugar Creek is closed. If everything happens around that timeframe, it could be on the order of $500 million to $700 million of NiSource finance debt.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And also I am assuming the MLP will impact that amount as well?
Michael W. O'Donnell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct that's assuming that the MLP will have already happened actually.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So those are kind of two critical things.
Michael W. O'Donnell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right.
Unidentified Analyst: All right, thanks so much for the update.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with Keybanc. Please proceed.
Paul Ridzon - McDonald Investments Inc./Keybanc Capital Markets: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes Paul. Good morning.
Paul Ridzon - McDonald Investments Inc./Keybanc Capital Markets: Good morning, couple of questions. We saw OGE pull their or delay their IPO, okay what's your thinking there? And then if you could just kind of discuss how we ought to be thinking about the cash flow implications, with and without BP exercising the ROFR and I guess related to that, do you... was there a door number 3 option on the IRP?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Good questions. Let me start with the MLP; clearly, market conditions are choppy and as you expect we are going to be very, very vigilant about the market. I would make couple of observations. Williams, went out I guess it was about a week ago now, may be 10 days ago, and their yield was 575 I believe, which is we think a good solid yield for that offering. I would also go on and add, we believe that the market will be receptive to quality and we believe that we do have foundations for a very quality MLP. But again, we are all going to have watch market conditions. And you have to bear with me that's about all I can say about the MLP and still be consistent with regs on MLP and the S1 where we stand on that. Secondly, cash flow implications. We believe that our outlook, our projections, earnings, cash, CapEx for that matter are more or less... still, we think they are still very credible and reasonable and very reflective to this situation even if BP does pick up Whiting. So I would just suggest that in terms of cash earnings and like, not a material negative impact on where we stand today. And then third, I believe you asked about other plans. Clearly, NIPSCO is looking at their alternative. I did mention, we have 2 robust processes;, number one, our grade resource planning and two, our RFP. We believe we have viable feasible alternatives and that's what the NIPSCO team is focusing on.
Paul Ridzon - McDonald Investments Inc./Keybanc Capital Markets: If like... if BP were to go towards acquiring Whiting, how much cash would you receive for that?
Michael W. O'Donnell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Paul, this is Mike. The purchase price would be the same as the NIPSCO RFP, would be about $210 million and we pretty much have a full tax basis in the property. So we would have after tax proceeds pretty close to that amount. And that would be 200 and we still be looking for the third door as you call it, going the other way, but I think what Bob was saying is the net difference wouldn't be a full $300 million for an additional plan. It would be whatever that is less the 210. So that amount in and of itself wouldn't be material.
Paul Ridzon - McDonald Investments Inc./Keybanc Capital Markets: How much debt is associated with Whiting?
Michael W. O'Donnell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well at the moment it's all inter-company debt. You'll recall we refinanced that at the end of 2007. And the amount at that time was about 300 million.
Paul Ridzon - McDonald Investments Inc./Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Chan [ph] with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: I have a no idea what company it was, but it's Faisel Khan from Citigroup.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Faisel, how are you? We had a puzzled look.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Yes. On... just a quick follow-up on the Whiting facility, this... so that, if this facility gets sold to BP then the contract, this team contracts goes away. But if you drop Whiting into NIPSCO, then that same contract would still be there, is that correct?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct. You can recall that contract terminates late in 2009 on its normal terms.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And then in terms of just and your... and how you've been, and how you reported your earnings this quarter. There were some line items here I think you talked this in your prepared remarks, but I missed it. You've got these tracking amount, up O&M trackers, other taxes trackers, I take it that those trackers actually mean that you recover any sort of incremental amount in your revenues, is that how it works?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And then the --.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: The big one, the big ones tend to be uncollectibles, obviously we track fuel and purchased gas.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Right.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Tax as you mentioned.
Michael W. O'Donnell - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And Faisel they are shown in separate line items on the income statements, both consolidated and for the segments.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, got you. And then in terms of just your core O&M, which is, which you've reported, kind of going up from, for the 12 months to 12.50, $1.25 billion from $1.17 billion, is that kind of... is that normal inflation we are seeing in your O&M numbers, is that the sort of O&M increases we should see going forward?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I would say in several buckets. Number one, we mentioned that there was contractual pricing adjustment related to the IBM services agreement.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Sure.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: So that was contractual step-up that ballpark approached $30 million. So it's significant amount of the O&M increase and you recall, we restructured that agreement, we believe we are going to flatten out that curve.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: We also then, to your point, normal payroll, pension, incentive compensation across the company. And then we have an array of what I would call, fixed catch-up items, be it increasing work on leakage, preparing for generation outages, you are aware we have been spending a lot of money to handle generation outages on the CapEx side. We do have O&M elements that track that. We also had other outages so it's that fixed catch-up build component of it as well. Going forward, we think the O&M curve will be relatively flat.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay so going forward O&M should be relatively in flat or --
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Relatively flat, we still have to deal with as you suggested, normal payroll increases, benefit increases and the like.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, got you. And then on Columbia of Ohio, looking at how the pipeline storage from transportation contracts are done on with Columbia of Ohio, with the stipulation ending this year, those contracts actually are up for renewal, is that correct?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: They are up for renewal and we believe that with this resolution the capacity situation between Columbia of Ohio and Columbia Pipeline is stabilized, so we see renewal.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Is there, I mean, are there opportunities to renew at higher tariffs given may be other demands from other potential customers?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, again, we have FERC regulated rates. So these are full max tariff rates on Columbia Gas Transmission and Columbia Gulf.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And just I am trying to remember on Columbia of Ohio, you guys share ND capacity release revenues from what Columbia of Ohio can sell in the open market, is that correct?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct and again you point out one stipulation will lapse or expire October of this year, where we just negotiated, we replaced that and extended through 2000, through most of 2010.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, got you. And then just on the Millennium construction that started in June and I just think that the construction will end at the end of this year?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: We expect to be in service during the fourth quarter of 2008.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Are you seeing any sort inflation in cost or labor and how is the construction contract for that pipeline, is it a fixed turnkey contract or is there room for both labor and cost escalation?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, on that there are combination of contractual arrangements and we have had pressure like everyone else on the construction side. We also though have certain arrangements with customers in terms of increases in cost. So there is a sharing if you will between the partners and the customers. Again, we feel like it's going to be delivered on time and again we believe it's going to be within our financial parameters.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Is this the construction timetable which is 18 months, for a 200 mile pipeline, roughly if I look at kind of other pipelines in the Mid West, it takes six months to construct a 500-mile pipeline kind of, what logistics involved or is that just this is all around in this area?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's a great observation. It's a southern tier of New York. There are many, many environmental local community issues that we've had to deal with and in terms of permitting, you solve the involve process that, that has taken. So mainly it is sensitive area issue, you can enter only at certain portion at certain times in the year. So it's two season build because of those considerations. And I would again say, generally speaking, East, Northeast, Mid Atlantic these are the sorts of things you encounter on large scale construction.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And any update on potentially other projects you are looking at open seasons on other systems that you are waiting on?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: As you would expect we are very, very active, we just secured approval for eastern market expansion, I mentioned in the prepared remarks. I would expect steady string of additional projects we'll be announcing in the not too distant future.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, great. Thanks guys for the time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. My questions were answered. Thank you.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jonathan.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Elvira Scotto with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Elvira Scotto - Bank of America: Hi. I just had a quick follow up on the Whiting Clean Energy and the BP. I think on the last call you had mentioned that the acquisitions for Sugar Creek and Whiting were expected or targeted to be completed in the second quarter of 2008. I'm just wondering, I know you had gone through an RSP process. If BP were to acquire Whiting and I know you talked about timing earlier in the call, but can you just run through that again?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Elvira Scotto - Bank of America: Yes, and then especially in terms of how it relates to your outlook for 2008, your guidance?
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right. Let me start with Sugar Creek. We are continuing pushing forward, fast-forwarding approval of Sugar Creek and the hearing is slated for the end of March, commission... Indiana Commission hearing on Sugar Creek. So we are pushing forward on that track. In fact, we had originally made application for the approval of both Sugar Creek and Whiting. We amended that once we became aware of the BP effort. And again we are pushing forward with Sugar Creek. Once we get clarification on BP or someone said the third door, we'll push forward with that plan in current estimates forecast would be that we would have approval of that at some point during the fall of 2008. Again we are very cognizant of the need number one; number one, we have a rate case we are going to filing in July. We certainly want these facilities to be addressed, handled, treated in the context of that rate case. Its timings very point, but at this point, I would think I would in two tracks. In terms of the outlook, we stand by the outlook that we provided on the earnings side. CapEx you have a sense of what that is and I think it's applicable no matter how we proceed with Whiting.
Elvira Scotto - Bank of America: Okay thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I will now like to turn the call over to Mr. Bob Skaggs for closing remarks.
Robert C. Skaggs Jr. - President and Chief Executive Officer: Again, we thank everybody for your participation, your ongoing support. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a good day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Glen Kettering - SVP, Corporate Affairs Bob Skaggs - President and CEO Mike O'Donnel - EVP and Chief Financial Officer Randy Hulen - Director, Investor Relations
Analysts: Faisel Khan - Citigroup Shneur Gershuni - UBS Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse First Boston Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Securities Mark Caruso - Millennium Partners Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Josh Golden - JP Morgan Ashar Khan - SAC Capital
Operator: Welcome to the third quarter 2007 NiSource earnings conferencecall. (Operator Instructions) I will nowturn the call over to Mr. Glen Kettering, Senior Vice President of CorporateAffairs. Please proceed, sir.
Glen Kettering: Thank you, Tuwanda. Thank you and good morning to everyone.On behalf of NiSource I would like to welcome you to our quarterly analystcall. We appreciate the opportunity to be with you today and thank you fortaking the time to join us. Joining me this morning are Bob Skaggs, President and ChiefExecutive Officer, Mike O'Donnel, Executive Vice President and Chief FinancialOfficer, and Randy Hulen, Director of Investor Relations. As you know, the focus of today's call is to review ourthird quarter 2007 financial performance and provide an update on progress onour four-point business plan. We will then open the call to your questions. I would like to remind all of you that some of thestatements made on this conference call will be forward-looking statementswithin the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the US Federal Securities Law. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks anduncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from thoseexpressed in the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factorsthat could cause actual results to differ materially is included in theManagement's Discussion and Analysis section of our Form 10Q quarterly reportfor the second quarter of 2007, which was filed August the 3rd of 2007 with theSEC. Our third quarter Form 10Q will be filed later today. And now, I'll turn the call over to Bob Skaggs.
Bob Skaggs: Good morning and thanks for joining us today. In addition toour third quarter earnings report, I will be sharing an expansive update on anumber of significant business initiatives that are key to NiSource's long-termpath forward business strategy. Based on those initiatives and continued execution on ourfour part business plan, I'll also be reaffirming our 2007 operating earningsguidance and providing a longer-term 2008 through 2010 view of our earningsprofile. As you can see in this morning's news release, NiSourcetoday reported net operating earnings, non-GAAP of $21.5 million or $0.08 pershare for the three months ended September 30, 2007 compared with $29.6 millionor $0.11 per share for the third quarter of 2006. Operating earnings, non-GAAP were $132.4 million for thethird quarter compared to $142.9 million for the same period in 2006. Theoperating earnings reduction is the result of a onetime $16.2 million reserveassociated with the Northern Indiana Public Service Company, NIPSCO regulatorysettlement discussed later in the news release. Looking at the first nine months of the year, NiSource'sconsolidated operating earnings on a non-GAAP basis were $707.8 million adecrease from $714.3 million for the same period in 2006. As we've done inprior calls, we're focusing on net operating earnings and operating earnings,both non-GAAP measures because we believe these measures better represent thefundamental earnings strength and performance of the Company. These measures normalize for weather and certain otheritems, such as restructuring charges and significant reserve changes. Schedulesfor one and two in the news release provide a detailed reconciliation of netoperating earnings and operating earnings to GAAP. From an earnings standpoint, our third quarter performancewas largely in line with expectations and consistent with our earnings outlookfor the year. In a moment, I will speak more to the specifics of the quarterresults. More notable from a long-term standpoint, the NiSource teamhas made significant progress on several threshold business initiatives. Theseinitiatives involve each of our major business units and are designed toadvance NiSource's ongoing efforts to reposition the Company for long-termsustainable earnings growth. In many respects, these are watershed events that will helpus unlock the underlying value of our assets, address legacy issues and set thestage for future earnings growth. The most recent of these accomplishmentshappened yesterday when NIPSCO filed a comprehensive Integrated Resource Planor IRP with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission. The IRP identifies NIPSCO's plans for addressing itscustomers electric generating capacity needs. More specifically the IRP showsthat NIPSCO will need approximately a 1000-mega watts of additional capacity by2014 and concludes that the best alternative to meeting that need would be theacquisition of gas fired combined-cycle generating capacity. The IRP also suggested that NIPSCO add winds generateelectric purchases and energy efficiency programs to its portfolio. Based onthe direction of the IRP, NIPSCO has finalized purchase and sales agreements toacquire two gas-fired generating facilities with a combined capacity of 1060mega watts. In late November, NIPSCO asked the IURC to grant acertificate of public convenience and necessity authorizing the purchase of theSugar Creek Power Plant a 535-mega watt combined cycle gas cogenerationfacility owned by the LS Power Group in West Terre Haute, Indiana. And NiSource's Whiting Clean Energy facility, a 52-megawatts combined cycle gas cogeneration facility in Whiting, Indiana. Bothfacilities were successful bidders in the request for proposal process. Theacquisitions are targeted to be completed in the second quarter of 2008 andrepresent a NIPSCO rate base investment in excess of $500 million. In addition to meeting NIPSCO's long-term customer needs theoutcomes of the IRP process support and align with the state of Indiana'sHoosier Homegrown Energy Plan, which calls for growing Indiana jobs and incomesby producing more of the energy Indiana needs from its own natural resources,while encouraging consumers to use energy wisely. Closely related to the IRP and NIPSCO's efforts to addgenerating capacity to its portfolio is an important settlement that NIPSCOannounced on October 16th. The agreement with regulatorystakeholders and large industrial customers addresses the cost of electricpower the Company has been required to purchase to meet growing market demands. This so-called fuel adjustment clause or FAC settlement,which the IURC is expected to rule on by year's end will resolve the purchasepower matter and notably contains provisions addressing NIPSCO's need to add toits electric generation portfolio. To that point, the settling parties also agreed to NIPSCO'sdeferral of depreciation expense and carrying charges associated with itsacquisition of combined cycle generating facilities. The settlement includes a onetime refund of $33.5 millionand as noted earlier, third-quarter operating and earnings for electricoperations reflect a $16.2 million charge related to that settlement. Beyond Indiana, on October 26 2007, Columbia Gas of Ohio andthe staff of the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio filed a joint stipulationthat clarifies the Company's operational responsibilities for customer ownedservice lines and risers. If approved by the Commission, the agreement will establisha recovery mechanism to collect certain costs associated with repair orreplacement of customer owned service lines and risers and also would resolveoutstanding issues related to this important customer safety program. On October 30th, Columbia Gulf Transmission Company andTennessee Gas Pipeline Company entered into a blinding purchase sale agreementwhereby Tennessee Gas Pipeline will buy the majority of Columbia Gulf'soffshore Louisiana assets and operations in the Gulf of Mexico. The agreement, which is subject to regulatory approvals,also provides settlement of all pending litigation between the parties atclosing. I would note these facilities don't comprise a significant portion ofColumbia Gulf's overall asset base and are not considered to be strategic to ColumbiaGulf. As most of you know, Columbia Gulf is focused on growing itsextensive onshore business. Both companies currently anticipate making thenecessary regulatory filings by year-end with a closing during the first halfof 2008. Finally, on October 22nd, NiSource and IBM reached anagreement in principal on the restructuring of their business servicesagreement. This proposed restructuring, which is expected to be finalized byyear end will put NiSource in the position to be more effectively manage itsadministrative expenses while ensuring delivery of services required to meetNiSource's needs. As you can see, this extensive list of recentaccomplishments unequivocally shows that we are moving aggressively andthoughtfully to clear the deck of distractions, engage our stakeholders, andmake investments so that we can better position our team to execute onNiSource's growth strategy. As stated previously, our investment-driven strategy ispremised on enhancing and expanding NiSource's core strategic assets, executingon an array of promising growth prospects, and synchronizing our investmentswith complementary commercial and regulatory initiatives. Another important development to share regarding ourpath-forward strategy is our intention to proceed with the formation of MasterLimited Partnership for certain of our Gas Transmission and Storage assets. NiSource intends to file a registration statement with theSecurities and Exchange Commission later this year for the offer and sale of alimited partnership interest in a new subsidiary. We believe the formation of aMaster Limited Partnership is a natural complement to our Gas Transmission andStorage growth strategy and to provide access to competitively priced capitalto support future growth investment. During the question-and-answer session, please bear with me.I'm limited to what I can say regarding our intent to proceed with theformation of the MLP, due to SEC rules. In addition to these key businessinitiative accomplishments, I want to update you on the day-by-day,brick-by-brick actions our teams are taking to execute on fundamental elementsof our four-part business plan. As a reminder, that plan includes commercial growth andexpansion of our transmission and storage business, investment-drivenregulatory and commercial initiatives and strong financial process and expensemanagement. On October 31st 2007, the Massachusetts Department of PublicUtilities, DPU approved a $5.9 million increase in Bay State Gas Company's baserates effective November 1. The increase was made by Bay State under the termsof its existing performance-based rate mechanism. In a separate filing, Bay State Gas on October 17thpetitioned the DPU to allow the company to collect an additional $7.5 millionin annual revenue. Bay State also requested approval of a steel infrastructuretracker that would allow for recovery of ongoing infrastructure replacementinvestment. As I've mentioned previously, both NIPSCO and Columbia Gasof Ohio are fully focused on preparations for significant rate proceedingsduring 2008. Columbia Gas of Ohio is conducting outreach and planning effortsnecessary to follow traditional cost of service base rate case in early 2008while NIPSCO is preparing to file its electric rate case as scheduled by July1st, 2008. In fact, the initiatives I mentioned earlier help to providea clear line of sight for both of these milestone proceedings. Likewise,Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania is in the advanced stages of preparing a base ratecase filing to be made in January 2008. CPA also launched a 20-year natural gas infrastructureenhancement project that will replace approximately 600,000 feet of gas distributionlines each year while synchronizing those investments with regulatory recovery. Our CPA team is intensely focused on advancing legislativeinitiatives in Pennsylvania to provide for regulatory mechanisms that willenable the state's utilities to recover investments in natural gasinfrastructure improvement programs on a timely basis. Notably, the Chairman of the Pennsylvania Public UtilityCommission as well as two state legislative leaders is calling on thePennsylvania general assembly to pass such legislation. And on August 29,Columbia Gas of Kentucky received approval of a rate case settlement thatincreases total annual revenues by $7.25 million about a 4.5% increase. Turning to NiSource Gas Transmission & Storage, theirexpansion projects are continuing to advance in various stages of development.Construction continues on the Millennium Pipeline, scheduled to begin servicein November 2008 while the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in Octoberissued a favorable environmental assessment for Columbia Gas Transmission's a$140 million Eastern Market Expansion Project. A proposal to expand natural gas storage and pipelinefacilities in Ohio, West Virginia, and Virginia that assessment is subject topublic comment. Also in response to growing demand to connect the diversesupply mix sourced by NiSource's Gas Transmission and Storage assets withgrowing markets in the Southeast our Gas Transmission and Storage teamannounced a blinding open season for an expansion of our Columbia Gulf systemfor delivery to Florida Gas Transmission. That open season ends today and the project is planned to goin service by the summer of 2008. I look forward to providing a report on thisexciting opportunity in future business updates. And finally, on the financial management front in lateAugust, NiSource successfully issued $800 million of senior unsecured notesthat mature in 2018. The proceeds were used to repay short-term bank borrowingsand for capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. The fact that our finance team was able to successfullycomplete this plan placement despite choppy market conditions is a testament toNiSource's strong capital access and liquidity. As you can see, across the board, our teams are continuingto execute against all elements of our four-part growth strategy. In fact,based on that continued solid performance we are affirming that NiSourceremains on track to achieve our 2007 net operating earnings guidance ofapproximately $1.35 per share non-GAAP. Looking ahead, we believe net operating earnings per share,non-GAAP from continuing operations for the 2000 to 2010 period will fallwithin a range of $1.25 to $1.35 per share. Thereafter, NiSource expects itsongoing capital investment program of more than $1 billion per year to producemeaningful annual growth in earnings per share. This outlook is consistent with my comments in late Mayconcerning our so-called flattish earnings outlook for the next several years.Particularly, as we navigate a number of milestone, regulatory and rateproceedings, which will again put us on solid footing for long-term sustainablegrowth. Now, let me shift to an overview of NiSource's third-quarteroperating earnings. During the quarter after the NIPSCO regulatory settlementmentioned earlier, increased revenues from NiSource's core business units alongwith improved performance from NiSource's Whiting Clean Energy unit, more thanoffset operating expenses. Gas Distribution Operations reported an operating earningsloss of $41.9 million versus an operating earnings loss of $30.8 million in thethird quarter of 2006. The increased loss resulted primarily from higheroperating expenses, partially offset by increased net revenues. Operating expenses, excluding the impact of trackers were$14.7 million higher than the prior year, mainly due to higher employee andadministrative expenses, property taxes, depreciation costs, and notably areversal of a restructuring charge that benefited last year's results by $5.1million. The employee and administrative costs include normal payrollbenefits in corporate services. Net revenues, excluding the impact of trackerswere $3.3 million higher than the same period in 2006, primarily as the resultof regulatory initiatives and other service programs. Gas Transmission and Storage operations reported operatingearnings of $75.4 million versus operating earnings of $69.4 million in thethird quarter of 2006. The increase resulted primarily from higher net revenuesfrom firm capacity reservation fees. A key driver behind this improvement is that Columbia Gulf'smainline throughput has increased as a result of storage injections, gas-firedelectric generation demands, and increased marketing activities. Operating expenses, excluding the impact of trackers wereslightly lower than the comparable period last year. Electric operationsreported operating earnings of $102 million versus operating earnings of $113.1million in the same quarter last year. Net revenues decreased by $5.3 million due to primarily tothe accrual that was reported for this settlement relating to power purchase byNIPSCO that we discussed earlier, partially offset by higher wholesale andcommercial margins and lower unrecoverable MISO costs. Operating expenses increased by $5.8 million due primarilyto higher employee and administrative costs and restoration costs associatedwith severe storms experienced during the quarter. Other operations reported operating earnings of $5.5 millionin the third quarter of 2007 compared with an operating earnings loss of $0.1million in the prior-year period. The improvement resulted from higher netrevenues from the Whiting Clean Energy facility. As you will recall, we restructured Whiting's steam contractwith BP late last year, which has delivered the intended effect ofsignificantly improving the overall economics of that arrangement. Other items, interest expense increased by $4.6 million dueto higher short-term interest rates. Other net improved to $1.4 million incomecompared to a loss of $0.8 million last year. The improvement resultedprimarily from higher interest income in the current period. Focusing on liquidity, net cash flows from operatingactivities for the nine months ended September 30 2007, were $398.3 million adecrease of $472.9 million from the $871.8 million of cash flow in the firstnine months of 2006. The 2006 cash flow amount was unusually high because ofworking capital changes beginning in late 2005 that stemmed from colder weatherand higher natural gas prices. Beyond the changes in working capital increases in netincome and changes in deferred taxes totaling $141.9 million improved net cashflow from operating activities relative to last year. To wrap up, overall, NiSource's performance for the thirdquarter was solid and most importantly, our team has made significant processin resolving legacy issues, moving forward with new growth projects andregulatory initiatives and in advancing our four-part plan for growth. Plus our fundamentals, such as usage, customer attrition,and demand for pipeline capacity are showing notable improvement. And we'veadvanced our work on the MLP option, which has the potential to provideadditional flexibility and access to capital to fuel growth. I'll make just one final comment on our outlook for the nextseveral years. In providing the $1.25 to $1.35 earnings per share range, we'retrying to be as open as possible with visible and realistic estimates. Specifically for 2008, we anticipate earnings to be towardthe lower end of the range, particularly in light of the NIPSCO capacitysituation and the so-called FAC settlement. For example, our plannedacquisition of the new generating facilities will place some pressure onearnings prior to the effectiveness of our 2008 rate case. To add to that, I give you the assurance that the entireteam is poised to go all out in 2008 to reach successful closure on the NIPSCOsituation, as well as, successfully complete our other watershed rateactivities in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Bay State, and accelerate our GT&S growthprojects. Assuming strong outcomes in 2008, we'd expect the earningstrajectory in 2009, 2010 to trend toward the upper end of the range. Again, Iwould emphasize that these broad array of bellwether initiatives, coupled withour unprecedented capital investment program, will position NiSource formeaningful growth in earnings in 2011 and beyond. As always, we remain committed communicating with ourinvestors and of all of our stakeholders in a transparent and timely mannerregarding these and all of our efforts. Ongoing updates will be providedthrough our analyst calls and news releases, posted promptly on nisource.com. Thanks again for participating today and for your continuedinterest and support in NiSource. And at this point, let's open the call toquestions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes fromthe line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:  In terms of the new investments at NIPSCO, how does thataffect your long-term guidance? Is that baked into your long-term guidancealready that these plans will make it into rate base?
Bob Skaggs:  Those are baked into the estimates.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. I mean do you think that this -- that theseinvestments kind of offset the last few years of under-investment in thegeneration part of that business?
Bob Skaggs: We feel that the process that we have gone through with, inthe IRP, the thoroughness, the extensive study and the involvement of thestakeholders certainly points to the need for over 1,000 megawatts of capacitynear term, right now. And so we think that process has established it and we areprepared to go through the certificate process to thoroughly vet that, and thenmove on to the rate case process. So we think that we will have that showingand the need will be justified. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: So most of the interveners are pretty much on board withthis IRP plan? Are there any potential adverse type of movements from otherinterveners?
Bob Skaggs:  It has been an open process; we've tried to be inclusive.We've tried to keep folks current on the studies and the process. And we doexpect a consensus to develop around this solution. Having said that, as youknow, in regulatory proceedings, different points of view surface and issuesare vigorously debated. We are prepared for that and again, we feel like that ourwork with stakeholders and the process that we have followed position us for agood decision.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: What does -- in your guidance then, what does it assume interms of any sort of rate -- any sort of impact from a NIPSCO rate case? Do youbelieve that post of this investment that you will be earning a fair return onequity as a business?
Bob Skaggs: Yes. That's right. We are expecting a fair return on ratebase in NIPSCO proceeding and for that matter, all the rate proceedings that wehave teed up in 2008.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay.
Bob Skaggs: Again, the basis of the strategy is good, qualityinvestments in infrastructure, reliability, safety, good strong organic growthand to that, we expect fair returns.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: But if I add up all -- if I add up kind of a fair return atNIPSCO with this recent investment you are talking about, and I look at yourother gas utilities and their rate cases you filed there, including the returnin Massachusetts. Shouldn't that help drive earnings growth kind of past 2009,2010 above kind of your guidance? Or is there -- are you seeing larger costpressures in your business overall that are eroding some of that rate release?
Bob Skaggs:  Again, I believe that the guidance we're giving between nowand 2010 is consistent with fair returns, a well-managed cost structure.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. How would you pay for these plants at NIPSCO? How willthey be capitalized?
Mike O'Donnell:  This is Mike. The Whiting plan, of course, is alreadyfinanced.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Right.
Mike O'Donnell: On NiSource's balance sheet, the other plan we would startby borrowing the money for that. But then eventually, it would be funded alongthe lines of NIPSCO's capital structure for rate-making purposes.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: But there's no reason to go to the outside markets then? 
Mike O'Donnell:  We don't think so. Not for that, no.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: So then would this be like a complete equity contribution toNIPSCO?
Mike O'Donnell:  Not sure about that. That gets into some internal capitalstructure issues, which really are kind of internal. I think for the way youthink about it is NiSource would probably finance it with debt, but on NIPSCO'sbooks, it would be a blend of debt and equity.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And how would be the BP contract be affected by thisas a purchase by NIPSCO at Whiting?
Bob Skaggs: We see NIPSCO stepping in the shoes of Whiting and honoring,upholding our agreement with BP. So NIPSCO effectively would be providing anysteam demand that BP has.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And the gas utility, the $6 million rate increase inMassachusetts, is that -- you said that's a base rate increase but it's relatedto the PBR? I was trying to connect the two.
Bob Skaggs: No. You're right. The adjustment was under the terms of ourPBR mechanism and it does adjust base rates.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay.
Bob Skaggs: It's not a rider. It goes into base rates and treated thatway.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And how does the PBR work on that? It raises base ratesbased on new investment and new plant? Is that how it works or theconservation?
Bob Skaggs: It's an index and a series of measures and a fairly involvedformula that we follow to adjust the rates. We can give you the details on howthat mechanism works.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And you said on the -- have you identified assets toput into the MLP? I know you said you are constrained in terms of what you cantalk about but I'm just wondering if you have actually identified the assets.
Bob Skaggs: We feel like we are limited on what we can say and we'rejust not going to be able to go much further than what we've already done.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Is there -- on the pipeline system, is there anyexcess capacity or any uncontracted capacity on the pipelines?
Bob Skaggs:  Effectively, the pipelines are sold out. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And that --?
Bob Skaggs:  Now again, we optimize on a daily, hourly basis to ensurethat we are optimizing the system. But effectively, Columbia Gas Transmissionis sold out; effectively, mainline gulf is sold out.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And on your expansion projects, is there room toincrease volumes or increase potential earnings on the existing projects youhave in place or that are going in place, meaning --? Or are they fully 100%contracted and to expand earnings on those systems you would have to investmore capital?
Bob Skaggs: It's more the latter. Certainly, adding facilities alsoprovides opportunities for additional optimization but these are fullycertificated, fully contracted facilities when we put them in service.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Great. Thanks for the time, guys.
Bob Skaggs: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shneur Gershuniwith UBS. Please proceed.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS:  Good morning guys. Busy quarter. I'm going to try and keepmy questions short to give other people an opportunity. Just with respect tothe NIPSCO filing and so forth, you basically, you've, taken this charge for$33.5 million on an operating income basis to reflect the short power issuesand some of the issues the interveners had with respect to Mitchell. That said, with the filing that you've done with NIPSCO nowand the fact that you are going to add Whiting and so forth, does this addressthese issues so that these interveners that have created those challenges inthe past will basically bless this deal and not -- I guess file friendly briefswith respect to the rate case?
Bob Skaggs: We've certainly entered into that settlement. We've beenworking with the stakeholders through that process, the IRP process,discussions with Mitchell to build a consensus, develop support for addressingthe capacity needs, and for that matter, the ongoing rate structure. So it's avery integrated, sequential, global process and repositioning NIPSCO to be oneof the best utilities in the country, and that's what we're working on andthat's what the process is designed to lead us through. I emphasize it's a process and we're going to do this in theopen with the stakeholders and reach the best answers as quickly as we can.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Okay. Two other short, quick questions. With respect toWhiting in the RFP process, did you use the current book value or did you usean estimated book value?
Bob Skaggs: Well. To determine the selection of Whiting and Sugar Creek,we, as you may recall, had a competitive RFP that went out in the summer andwas a very, very competitive process. The bids were submitted and evaluated ina very competitive dynamic environment. So it was a market-driven process.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Okay. I guess my final question is just with respect to theIBM contract. What exactly has changed with -- what has IBM agreed to make thiscontract work a little better than it has in the past?
Bob Skaggs: Again, you're going to have to bear with me. I'm a bitlimited on the details that I can share at this point with regard to the IBMagreement. We've entered into an MoU. It is contingent on a definitiveagreement that we intend to reach prior to the end of the year. I can say this that the focus of the restructured agreementis going to be on information technology services. That was the largest pieceof this outsourcing arrangement. We think it is certainly IBM's strongest areaof competency expertise and that's going to be the focus of the agreement. Other areas, day-to-day operations of F&A, HR, supplychain, metered cash, things like that, NiSource will be focusing on. So thatgives you the essence of where the relationship is headed. And we think it willprovide better services, particularly better IT services and allow us to focuson what we need to focus on as NiSource.
Shneur Gershuni - UBS: Okay. I have some more questions but I'm going to jump backin the queue. Thank you, Bob.
Bob Skaggs:  Okay. Thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst withCredit Suisse. Please proceed.
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse First Boston: Hey, good morning everybody.
Bob Skaggs: Hey Carl.
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse First Boston: Just a few cleanups. Bob, is the MLP specifically baked intothe guidance? I just wanted to clarify that since I know it doesn't technicallyhave board approval and so I'm just trying to…
Bob Skaggs: The answer is effectively it is baked into the guidance.
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay. Fair enough. Can you just give us a sense for what ifChris is there, this refresh my memory what the maintenance cap is for thepipelines? And also on the pipes, I was hoping, and I know it's not materialbut if we could actually, if you can disclose it both a sale amount to GDP andwhat the associated EBITDA is?
Bob Skaggs: Just on the ongoing capital maintenance levels, this is aballpark, Carl. It's between $100 million and $120 million.
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse First Boston: And that's for the entire system?
Bob Skaggs: Yes. What we call GT&S, Gas Transmission and Storage;and that is a ballpark number. Chris and team are working hard on coststructure issues and the like. And again, that's a ballpark number that willcontinue to be focused on rigorously by the team. Your next question was aboutthe Tennessee transaction?
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse First Boston: Correct.
Bob Skaggs: And I'm sorry, you're asking about the value of thefacilities?
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse First Boston: Well I was just wondering what the sale price was and whatany associated EBITDA?
Bob Skaggs: Give or take book value, $8.5 million of the assets and interms of EBITDA, very little.
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse First Boston: All right. Okay. And this basically goes back to the FERCinterconnect issue, what this clears?
Bob Skaggs: Yes. It does and we made the point about the strategicnature of the assets from our perspective, nonstrategic. And we think thisrepresents a win-win and albeit very small, nominally accretive to us.
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse First Boston: Fair enough. And last question and I want to be cognizant ofwhat you can say and what you can't say about the MLP but as you look at itfrom a NiSource standpoint, is there -- previously we were looking at becauseof some of the tax issues, getting over that hump would be a challenge. Didsomething change there to allow you to be able to better digest whatever taxhurdle might be out there?
Bob Skaggs: Carl, I'm going to have to just drop back to the party linethat we continue to believe it's a valuable tool. It's going to be a goodcomplement and we intend to proceed.
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse First Boston: Fair enough. I appreciate the color and good luck.
Bob Skaggs:  Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Jonathan Arnold withMerrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Bob Skaggs: Good morning Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Just a kind of conceptual question, Bob. In terms of thegrowth rate and absence of growth over this period. From listening to what yousaid, my sense is that this is largely around the electric utility and thecosts of funding the acquisitions as you move into the rate case and thenobviously the rate case itself. If you were to look at the company ex-NIPSCO, do you have asense of what we might be seeing in terms of underlying growth just trying tohit a focus on the pieces that are outside of the electric utility and is thatsomething you could do?
Bob Skaggs: Look. Well, I can just give you a point of view that theseare regulated stable of assets growth is going to be investment driven. Wethink we have a healthy stream of growth projects at all segments. And giventhat, we think the inherent growth of 3% to 5% is what we think is thereinherently and I'm now talking conceptually and at 50,000 feet. Near-term, you identified we do need to deal with the NIPSCOsituation but I just always add and we are talking about NIPSCO. We're on thethreshold of a series of bellwether rate cases and these are significant casesagain, infrastructure driven, rate design, certainly a big issue but that'sOhio, Pennsylvania and Bay State. So that's a bit of I guess a macro view of the earningspower of the company, as well as, what we need to navigate through over thenext 12 months.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch : Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the lien of Sam Brothwell withWachovia. Please proceed.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Securities: Hi. Good morning.
Bob Skaggs: Hi, Sam.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Securities: Bob, I know you haven't disclosed numbers around the powerplant purchase and obviously, the contemplated transfer of Whiting. But in yoursettlement discussions, did you kind of give these guys an idea of what thenumbers would look like? 
Bob Skaggs: I can't answer that specifically, but I would say that thestakeholders are knowledgeable folks and they know generally speaking, the costlevels, directionally what the cost levels are for facilities of this size inthe Midwest.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Securities: Okay.
Bob Skaggs: And again, we've indicated that this is $0.5 billion of ratebase investment, $0.5 billion plus.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Securities: Okay.
Bob Skaggs: For NIPSCO.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Securities: Okay.
Bob Skaggs: So that won't be a surprise if that's really what you aredriving at. I think folks certainly expect dollars of that magnitude,investment levels of that magnitude. 
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And as you contemplate that, I mean, your guidancethrough ‘10 is flat and you're looking at $0.5 billion rate base investment inthat kind of neighborhood. I think you alluded to seeing an optic post 2010, is thatthe time period in which you think this rate base investment will start to bearfruit in your earnings?
Bob Skaggs: Yes. Again, I think that's an accurate way to say it. I didmention in the prepared remarks, in my closing effectively what I said was that2008 is a significant year because of the NIPSCO rate case, Ohio Pennsylvania.There are scenarios where we work through all of those cases to closure in 2008and you see a trajectory beginning in 2009. That's effectively what I said. But to be candid,straightforward open as possible we all know that traversing that many caseseffectively, favorable outcomes in 12 months or less is a tall order, one thatthe teams are poised to tackle. They are after it and it's an all out effort toreach closure by the end of '09.
Sam Brothwell - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Carusowith Millennium. Please proceed.
Mark Caruso - Millennium Partners: Good morning, Bob.
Bob Skaggs: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Caruso - Millennium Partners: So, I guess just a few clarifications here. As far as, theMLP goes I imagine throughout this whole process, the board has kind of beengetting steady updates and involved with what's going on and it's just a matterof you guys getting together and finalizing what you guys think are the rightthings. Is that the right way to think about it?
Bob Skaggs: Yes. The board and in particular our finance committee hasbeen engaged from day one in and around this consideration, much like they werein the strategic review.
Mark Caruso - Millennium Partners: Got it.
Bob Skaggs: Totally engaged.
Mark Caruso - Millennium Partners: And then as far as, the guidance of 2010 goes and withwhat's going on with NIPSCO, is it right to assume that as you move along allthese different rate cases, you guys will be updating us once you find out theoutcomes, as far as, the guidance and reassessing the guidance based on theoutcomes there? Because I guess one of the things I'm confused about and itsounds like others is we've got flat, but you also do have big things on thehorizon. I know it's very sensitive and there's a lot going on there as far astrying to make a prediction there would be very tough and you don't want to beheld to that. But at the same time I would think that as you work your waythrough it, we will get updates on that and this is just kind of a matter oftrying not to step in front of all of what's coming? 
Bob Skaggs : Well said. And hopefully we've built a track record that ourcommunication, it's an ongoing process. We try to be as expansive, complete aswe possibly can and hopefully this morning is a prime example of beingexpansive and complete in providing the sorts of updates you have noted.
Mark Caruso - Millennium Partners: That’s it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carrie Saint Louiswith Fidelity. Please proceed.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Hi. Good morning.
Bob Skaggs: Good morning, Carrie.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: I have two questions. First, I was curious what the use ofproceeds from the MLP offering would be? How would you take those proceeds andhow would you apply them? 
Bob Skaggs: We see using those to support growth and investment, theinfrastructure that we are investing in. 
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: So keeping it all with NGT&S business or would it go upto the parent at all?
Bob Skaggs: Well, not necessarily. I don't think we've engineered itthat precisely at this point.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Okay.
Bob Skaggs: But certainly, again, we're teeing up an aggressiveinfrastructure investment program and we think equity-like financing, notcommon, but equity-like financing that could be provided by a vehicle like anMLP is going to support that sort of investment. 
Carrie St. Louis - Fidelity Management and Research: Okay. And then you mentioned the funding for the IRP. Iguess you said it would be through debt markets and I was curious if you hadfigured out if that would be just straight debt or if you are still examiningthe hybrid option? 
Mike Donnell: Carrie, this is Mike. We have not figured out the exactfinancing plan yet. Keep in mind that the purchases will take place probablyMay, June of next year. The cash will flow and we probably won't need to do anyfinancing until sometime after May or June of next year. So we haven't reallynoted down the specifics yet.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Okay. But it would look like you would be financing in theback half of next year in debt financing? 
Mike Donnell : I think that's a good assumption, yes.
Carrie Saint Louis - Fidelity: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Bob Skaggs: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon withKeyBanc. Please proceed.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Good morning. In the spring, you talked about a flattishearning trajectory and in the interim you seem to have found a good number ofvalue-enhancing opportunities. But it seems as other trajectory has perhapseven worsened because it's now flat to down. What are the offsets you're seeingto these opportunities that you've discovered?
Bob Skaggs: Well, just to clarify. We did suggest that in '08 we haveissue to deal with in and around the NIPSCO capacity situation and the FACsettlement; indicated that that puts pressure in particular on 2008. We also suggested looking beyond 2008, assuming favorableoutcomes NIPSCO rate case, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Bay State, GT&S growthprojects, we see the trajectory going to the Northeast and growing. So that's the way we look at that range and again, it'sgoing to be driven by the investments and successfully working through theserate cases. Those are the near-term variables.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Aside from the Gulf assets, are you reviewing any otherpotential assets for monetization or was that pretty well vetted out in yourstrategic review process?
Bob Skaggs: Pretty well vetted out in the strategic review process. Wecontinue to look at the portfolio, but we love the assets and as I said in theprepared remarks, we're focused on this core portfolio of assets.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next comes from the line of Josh Golden with JP Morgan.Please proceed.
Josh Golden - JP Morgan: Yes. Good morning.
Bob Skaggs: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Golden - JP Morgan: I'm curious if the creation of the MLP changes yourcommitment to investment grade ratings and also just curious given the tax baseon some of these assets will the assets that are moved to the MLP be relativelynew assets that are coming on stream or will you work to transition olderassets into the MLP?
Bob Skaggs: Yes. Josh, I apologize. Again on the last part of yourquestion, the latter part of your question around specifics on the MLP. I'mgoing to have to pass on that because of the SEC restrictions and I just can'tget that detailed, so I apologize for that. On the first part of your question we are committed tomaintaining investment grade credit and that's with or without the MLP.
Josh Golden - JP Morgan: Okay. So there's been no change there.
Bob Skaggs: No change.
Josh Golden - JP Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan withSAC Capital. Please proceed.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: My questions have been answered. Thank you. 
Bob Skaggs: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) At this time, there are noadditional questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Bob Skaggsfor the closing remarks.
Bob Skaggs: Well again, we appreciate your participation, your support,your ongoing interest. We will continue to keep you posted. Thanks. Have a goodweekend.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the presentation. Youmay now disconnect and have a wonderful day.
