===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Adam Minick: Welcome to the CME Group First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to inform all participants that your lines have been placed on a listen-only mode until the question and answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Adam Minnick. Please go ahead. 
Terry Duffy: Good morning. I hope you're all doing well today. We released our executive commentary earlier this morning, which provides extensive details on the first quarter 2025, which we will be discussing on this call. I'll start with the Safe Harbor language, and then I'll turn it over to Terry. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statement. Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Lastly, in the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures following the financial statements. With that, I'll turn the call over to Terry.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Adam, and thank you all for joining us this morning. I'm going to make a few brief comments about our record quarter and the current business environment, and then I'm going to ask Suzanne and Sunil to comment on our market operations during this high volatility environment. Following that, Lynne will provide an overview of our first quarter results. In addition to Suzanne, Sunil, and Lynne, we have other members of our management team present to answer questions after the prepared remarks. This quarter represented the highest volume, revenue, operating income, and diluted earnings per share in the history of CME Group. Our quarterly revenue crossed $1.6 billion for the first time, and we also exceeded $1 billion in adjusted net income. Our record-breaking performance in the first quarter demonstrated the growing need for risk management globally. The first quarter average daily volume of 29.8 million contracts not only was the highest quarterly ADV in CME Group's history, but it also increased 13% compared to the same period last year. This strong growth was broad-based, with year-over-year volume growth in all six asset classes, including all-time quarterly volume records in interest rates, equities, agricultural commodities, and foreign exchange. In aggregate, our commodity sector volumes grew by 19%, and our financial products grew by 12%. This quarter highlighted the strength of our product diversification for customers to manage risk in times of uncertainty. It also reinforces our past comments about the importance of deep liquidity, especially in times of market stress. It was also a record quarter for our international business, which averaged 8.8 million contracts per day, up 19% from the prior year. This strength was driven by growth across all asset classes, including quarterly volume records in both EMEA and APAC. We also continue to innovate and evolve our product offerings to meet risk management needs for our clients. We recently announced several new offerings that will create opportunities for stronger links between cash and futures markets. Later this year, we plan to launch BrokerTec Chicago, a central limit order book for cash US treasuries that will be colocated next to our US treasury futures and options markets. Thus, last week, we launched FX SPOT Plus, which enables spot FX participants to tap into CME FX future liquidity and gives FX futures users broader access to OTC liquidity. Looking forward, we continue to see very strong volumes to start the second quarter as market participants look to hedge exposures to tariff policies and geopolitical dynamics. Our open interest today is 7% higher than at the same point last year, with strong open interest growth in our interest rate, energy, and agricultural complexes. This strong open interest trend indicates that despite the high level of volatility, market participants are not leaving the market but rather continuing to use our products to manage their risk exposures. Risk management and resiliency are paramount at CME Group. With record activity this past quarter leading into April, I'm going to ask Suzanne Sprague to give you an update on margins and Sunil Cutinho to give you some color on our resiliency during some of the most unprecedented times that we have seen. With that, I'm going to turn the call over to Suzanne.
Suzanne Sprague: Thanks, Terry. In response to the heightened levels of volatility earlier this month, we proactively increased margin requirements in various products across all asset classes in incremental steps over the course of April to ensure adequate collateral coverage. Liquidity demand due to margin increases is typically a fraction of the size of mark-to-market cycles attributed to daily price moves. We set a new single-day record for moving cash associated with mark-to-market on April 9th, collecting $32 billion from firms with losses that day and paying out $32 billion to firms with gains that day. This far exceeded our previous record of $22 billion. In comparison, increased collateral requirements due to margin increases on April 9th totaled $7 billion. Our settlement banks have been performing well given the increased volatility and liquidity needs. Risk management is of utmost importance to our business, and we're monitoring risk on a real-time basis every day regardless of market conditions.
Sunil Cutinho: Thanks, Suzanne. Despite the high volatility and record activity in our markets, including seven straight days over 40 million contracts, our systems functioned as designed, ensuring market continuity during a period of extreme volatility. During the week of April 7th, we saw record order entry volumes on Globex, exceeding 13 billion messages over the course of the week. The system's ability to handle record volumes underscores its resilience.
Terry Duffy: Thank you, Sunil. I asked both Sunil and Suzanne to come because I think it's critically important for analysts and investors to understand what we do here on a daily basis. Sometimes it doesn't get quite asked, but I think during the unprecedented times that we have seen, especially over the last six to eight weeks, I want to give you just a little bit of a flavor of how we are operating CME Group. I think it's really important for you to understand that, and we look forward to your further questions during that part of the presentation this morning. So thank you both to Suzanne and Sunil. Now I'm going to turn the call over to Lynne to review our financial results in more detail.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Terry, and thank you all for joining us this morning. As Terry mentioned, during the first quarter, CME Group generated revenue up 10% from the first quarter in 2024. The average rate per contract for the quarter was strong at 68.6 cents, down 1% from the prior year on 13% volume growth, resulting in the highest quarterly clearing and transaction fees in our history of $1.3 billion, up 11% year over year. Market data revenue also reached a record level, up 11% to $195 million. Continued strong cost discipline led to adjusted expenses of $475 million for the quarter and $378 million excluding license fees. Our adjusted operating income came in at a record $1.2 billion, up 14% year over year. Our adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 71.1%, up from 68.9% in the same period last year. CME Group had an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.1%. Driven by the strong demand for our risk management products, we delivered the highest quarterly adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share in our history at $1 billion and $2.80 per share, respectively, both up 12% from the first quarter last year. This represents an adjusted net income margin for the quarter of over 62%. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were approximately $12 million, and cash at the end of the quarter was $1.6 billion. CME Group paid dividends during the quarter of approximately $2.6 billion and $3.8 billion over the past year. We're very proud to deliver the best quarterly earnings in our history and look forward to seeing the strong start continuing into the second quarter, with year-to-date volumes up 20% versus 2024. At CME Group, we continue to focus on providing the risk management products needed by our clients and driving earnings growth for our shareholders. We'd now like to open the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin our question and answer session. Our first question will come from Kyle Voigt with KBW. Your line is open.
Kyle Voigt: Hey, good morning, everyone. Maybe if I could just start by asking one on the operating environment. In some prior periods of extreme volatility and increasing margin requirements, we've seen deleveraging occur by market participants. As you kind of just mentioned in your prepared remarks, it doesn't seem like open interest data really supports that there's any type of significant deleveraging occurring. I think open interest total OI is up since the start of April. However, there does seem to be some pockets with OI down meaningfully in April, particularly in ag futures. I was just wondering if you could talk about what you're seeing and hearing from market participants in terms of health, why you think we haven't seen any broad-based deleveraging, and what is happening in some of the small pockets where you are seeing OI decline a bit in April?
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Kyle. So the question is, what are we hearing from clients or why they're not deleveraging during this time period? And what are we seeing with some of the smaller contracts that really agriculture products that have seen some open interest drop? Is that a fair way to categorize your question?
Kyle Voigt: Yes.
Terry Duffy: Alright. So, Derek, why don't you address the commodity issue, and I'll address the broader issue? On Suzanne and others? So thanks, Kyle. When you look at the overall Ag, this came off a record year of just under $600 million generated in Ags last year. When you look at it in the first quarter of this year, we set another ADV record not just in futures, but in options overall. The business was up 23%. You look at the OI trends overall. We set multiple records in OI, not just in options, but the aggregate options plus futures. In fact, we just set a record 5.1 million open interest in options just last week on the 21st of April. So you look at the aggregate story, options plus futures, we're actually seeing record levels of open interest. We're on track to exceed the record that we set in February with another record assuming we continue the trends over the next couple of days. When you look at the pockets that you're talking about, yes, we have seen some trailing off in futures, but we've seen that more than offset in the pickup in open interest in options. Hence, the overall record levels. We did see some pullback in livestock, particularly feeder cattle. In the future side. Options grew, but overall in aggregate, this is very much a risk-on environment in ag. And that's the benefit that's happened in the market where you've got the grains and oil seeds, we've got the dairy, we've got the lumber, and we've got the livestock. In ag markets overall, we're coming off a record quarter, record OI. Options record, and we're seeing record levels of non-US activity. So I would say that deleveraging is not something we're seeing in aggregate across ag, very much the opposite, which is a risk-on environment. We are seeing some shifts between products inside the ag's market overall. So Kyle, let me address some of the other questions about the broader markets and just talk about some of the fundamentals that we're seeing that I don't know. I've been in this business for probably as long as anybody, and I have not seen some of the fundamental factors that we're seeing today. So our open interest, as Derek referenced, is up 7% across the board in total. So I think that's an important factor. You're also looking at the reason why people may not be deleveraging. It's very difficult to take risk off or deleverage your hedges when the probably the most uncertain times we've ever seen in our history. No one's ever traded through these tariffs in the marketplaces to any extent over the last thirty plus years. We never had $38 trillion of debt on the books of the United States of America. There's debt on books of countries all around the world. There is so much risk out there associated with margins being massively thin that if you do not participate, I don't think you have the luxury of not participating in this volatile time just because if you do not participate, you could be out of business the next day. That's how quick these markets are moving, and that's the size of the moves associated with them. So I think that's a big part of the reason why we're not seeing deleveraging like you may have seen like I've seen twenty-five, thirty years ago, when the markets got very volatile and people just kind of put their hands in their pockets and tried to wait to see when there's some clarity. You don't have that luxury today because of the fundamentals there, not only here in the United States but globally. So I think that's a big part of why we're not seeing the deleveraging, and I think that's why our products are critically important for our user base today.
Kyle Voigt: Thanks, Derek.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Kyle.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping for some historical context. Can you talk to, you know, what happens historically when you guys have raised margin requirements and then ultimately volumes thereafter? I know this period is pretty unique, but we focus on maybe the largest asset classes. Is it reasonable to assume some level of slowdown after the raise in margin requirements? And then also if you could provide just kind of where those balances on the collateral side sit currently.
Terry Duffy: So, Dan, I think it's really important. It's hard to give you a one answer on that because every situation is different with margins. So if you want to talk about margins during the 08-09 crisis, that's a fundamental issue why you might move margins up or down. Why you're moving margins up or down in 2025 going on with the geopolitical events of boots on the ground wars in Russia, Ukraine, the issues going on in the Middle East, and the tariff conversations that have been going on are completely different than what was going on in 08 with the housing crisis. So it's hard to pinpoint what exactly can or cannot happen. I will say on margins though, and that's one of the reasons you know, I pay a lot of attention to what Suzanne and Sunil are doing because it's really important that when we talk about margins and when we work with our clients on margins, we want to make sure we do it in a very judicious way that we're not just being reactive on margins. Because I think that can be disruptive to markets and that's what puts people on the sidelines when you're disruptive. I think when you're deliberate like, we have been and proactive like we have been, you lessen the chance of the reactionary activity of people walking away from your marketplace because not understanding what margins mean to it. So I believe, Dan, there's no one simple answer, and I promise you I'm not dodging it. You know me better than that. I just think that fundamentally the markets are different today than they were in historical trends that we've seen when we move margins up or down. And Suzanne, if you want to comment, you're happy to.
Suzanne Sprague: Yeah. I would agree. I think every situation is different. But in periods of increased volatility, people are looking for central counterparties to be a place to come to manage their risk in a safe manner. And relying upon the collateralization that happens in our ecosystem. So we have seen record levels of overall margin requirements and collateral in the system. That seems to be consistent with the activity increases that we've seen over the past couple of weeks as well. So again, we can't speculate what's going to happen in the future, but it seems in this case that people appreciate the level of safety that you get from merging collateralization and a clearinghouse like CME.
Terry Duffy: And again, Dan, I think that's one of the reasons why we invested the way we did in SPAN two technology. It helps allow us to make some of these decisions. But again, these are it's it's an art, not a science all the time. And we do work with market participants to make sure that everybody's comfortable. It's a neutralized system. And it's critically important to all market participants that we are doing our job correctly. So we take it very seriously. And as Suzanne said earlier, this is real-time risk management. This isn't T1 or T2. This is real-time risk management. So appreciate your question, Dan. Hopefully, that answers it for you.
Dan Fannon: Yep. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Patrick Moly with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Patrick Moly: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So you recently announced that you're going to be selling the Aastra JV with S&P Global for $3.1 billion, of which I assume you are going to receive about half of. So we're just hoping maybe you could comment on what you plan to do with the proceeds from that sale and how that informs your capital allocation priorities for the rest of this year and into next year. Thanks.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Patrick. So you're right. It is a fifty-fifty joint venture, so we would be splitting the proceeds of that. I would note that the expected close is probably about six months out. We have to go through the regular regulatory review, so that does take some time. So on the use of proceeds, we're going to hold off on kind of making any statements on that just given the amount of time between now and the close, but certainly, we'll keep you updated as we get closer to that point on those use proceeds.
Terry Duffy: Let me just add one thing, Patrick. We are not anticipating. We've not been advised that there are any hurdles that cannot be crossed. So we're not anticipating any regulatory hurdles on closing this transaction. It's just a time-consuming process.
Patrick Moly: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I'd actually like to follow up on Aastra. Can you talk about the decision why you decided to sell Aastra and maybe what your thoughts are on post-trade going forward after the sale?
Terry Duffy: So, Ken, let me just say a couple of things. When we acquired that business back in 2018, you know, the business you know, it's an interesting back-office business. For and it's a it's a decent business. It became much more attractive when we were able to do partnerships with then IHS Markit and then ultimately when they acquired S&P acquired them, have another JV with S&P. So we're, as Lynne said, rolling one side of that trade. So there it's a decision process in these JVs about how you want to go about them. Listen. It was I think it became very lucrative for CME as we put these properties together. And we thought it was a good opportunity for us to monetize those gains on behalf of our shareholders. And we would not be putting ourselves at any disadvantage whatsoever by not owning them if in fact we still wanted to use some of these services. Instead of running them. So I think it was a very smart business decision, and that's what we did with it.
Ken Worthington: Great. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Budish with Barclays. Your line is open.
Ben Budish: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to follow up on some of the margin questions. Just curious with the pricing change going into effect at the beginning of April, any early reads on the sort of shift from cash to non-cash or non-cash to cash collateral? Or is it perhaps, like, too volatile to really see what the longer-term decisions of your clients will be?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah. Thanks, Ben. So just to give you a few data points, Ben. For the quarter, our average cash balances were $79 billion. And we had average non-cash collateral of $173 billion. In April, the month to date, our average cash balance is up to $131 billion. And the fee-eligible non-cash is $140 billion. Now I would note, as Suzanne talked about, the overall level of activity and margin is up in April, and we're also very early days in terms of the new soft minimum being in place. So this is an item that we do report on a monthly basis in our volume tracker. I would keep an eye on that as we're putting out that data over the next few months. Because we need to see when people are more used to the cash minimum and know, as we look at levels of activity as we go through the year. We could see some changes there. But to date, we're seeing the vast majority of participants meet that 30% top minimum in cash.
Ben Budish: Very helpful. Thanks so much.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Ben.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Katz with TD.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much for taking the question. Maybe shift gears a little bit. Steve. The non-U.S. opportunities continue to grow rather nicely. Year on year, quarter on quarter, and across the different regions to which you're participating. So if you could unpack some of the drivers for that growth, how much that might be sort of onboarding new users versus maybe penetration of that user base and how to think about the outlook going forward? Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks. That's a great question. And we have been very pleased with our growth internationally, and I'm actually going to ask Julie Winkler, who heads up that division, to give some color on that work.
Julie Winkler: Thanks for the question. You know, certainly Q1 was another record in terms of average daily volume of 8.8 million contracts. That was up 19%. What was great to see is that we saw double-digit growth across all asset classes, in particular energy, ag, and foreign exchange products were extremely strong. What I also like to see is that the growth came from every international customer segment, which speaks to the growth and also the need for our products and for our clients to be able to risk manage here at CME Group. That was led by commercial participants that were up almost 30%. And so we often speak about the health and diversity of our client base and how critical those hedgers are to our marketplace. And so that is a great trend that we've continued to see. Also, just point out, you know, it was a record quarter for non-U.S. options growth. You know, 1.5 million contracts in ADB. That was up over 20% year on year. So this has been another strategic initiative that we've talked about is increasing that penetration in options. All you know, APAC was strong. EMEA was strong. I think the other trend that we're seeing is certainly from the buy-side community. That was strong in both EMEA as well as APAC. What we're seeing is, you know, the quant funds in APAC they're continuing to further expand their trading strategies and so things like that. You know, we have a lot of student resources across the world to really engage with our customers and help to drive that trading activity and work with our customers. So we have a good outlook going forward and are happy with performance in Q1.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Julie.
Bill Katz: Thanks. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Owen Lau: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So on retail, your micro equity index and micro FX ADV went up quite a lot in the first quarter. Could you please talk about how much of it is driven by your partnership with Robinhood and how much more you can do with them and launch more products through their platform? Thanks a lot.
Julie Winkler: Yeah. Let me just speak a little bit to the question about, you know, the retail performance? And I'll address your point on micros and also our new to futures brokers. Partners which are important. You know, Q1 in general was a record quarter for our retail segments. You know, we saw growth across a number of key metrics. So certainly revenue was up 10%. That's a key metric for us. But also we've spoken about the importance of new client acquisition or NCA. This surged by an impressive 44% to over 83,000 new traders in Q1. This is the fourth consecutive quarter of that double-digit NCA growth. We also saw a 17% increase in total participation. So reaching over 350,000 traders globally. The good news as well is that we saw that growth across all three regions. And so I think that continues to speak to the global nature of our partnerships. And, you know, the importance of our micro suite. So total micro volume, you know, 3.8 billion, and average daily volume in Q1. This was up 13%. And, you know, we're excited to see that that's happened in the micro equities that you pointed out. And also we saw a really robust demand for our micro metal and also our micro cryptocurrencies. So that continues to speak to the diversity of our product base and also the fact that we're continuing to educate these retail customers and cross-sell across equity into these other more diverse asset classes. You know, the market environment that we've talked a lot about on this call was a key part of creating those opportunities for retail engagement. And, you know, we've also talked about the new strategic partners including Robinhood, plus 500, Weebo, and eToro. These partners are critical for us to be able to go out and seek customers. They are educating customers. They are onboarding them quickly. And also, you know, pushing up to them market opportunities, which there were a lot of them in terms of trading opportunities in Q1. So positive about that going forward. And we'll continue to, you know, work with them as well as we see a need for product innovation in the future. And lastly, you know, we launched, you know, new things like micro ag as well. So this is about combining the partnerships with also the product innovation, to continue to fuel this growth going forward.
Owen Lau: Thanks, Julie. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS. Your line is open.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Good morning, everyone. A quick one from me on market data, really strong revenue performance. I know you gave the audit numbers already in the prepared remarks, but can you maybe break down the remainder of the growth between some of the price increases, but also, you know, core subscription growth and any other one-timers you would point out. And on the subscription growth, of course, maybe talk about where you see new subscribers coming from in particular. Thank you.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah. So a reminder, Alex, on the market data front, we did have a 3.5% pricing increase that went into effect in January. So that is going to be part of that. We also saw strong subscriber growth, and maybe, Julie, you comment on some of the retail participants and how that has been impacting the overall growth as well?
Julie Winkler: Yeah. I think to the question, Alex, as Lynne pointed out, the biggest move, I'd say, was among our professional subscribers to our real-time market data. And so that was both, you know, we saw an uptick in demand, so we saw more users. And then we also have that price increase of 3.5% that took effect on January 1. The other major trend was outperformance from the nonprofessional, and so these are retail users needing access to our market data and also saw some growth in our derived data instruments as well. And so that was combined with that. I'd say, you know, on the nonrecurring revenue side, you know, it was an uptick and increase over Q1 in 2024 and also up over Q4. There were about $3.5 million in audits and some other additional true-ups. But as we stated in the past, you know, those are pretty difficult to predict and are just a timing element from our side based on how we work with our clients on that front. So I'd say the biggest, you know, kind of new trend is this continued demand from retail and that nonprofessional subscriber usage, which tends to grow relatively significantly. And I think coincides with what we're seeing on the volume side with our retail business.
Alex Kramm: Thanks, Julie.
Julie Winkler: Thank you, Alex.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, good morning, everyone. Hope you're all doing well. I have a big picture question. So in the quarter, you generated about 30% of your ADV from international customers, and we wanted an update on how these businesses compete with the non-U.S. futures exchanges, especially given the emerging trade conflict. So how do you think of the risk of share losses versus the potential for gains from domestic exchanges in these markets?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Craig, just to understand your question, you're saying where do we compare against the foreign exchanges on a percent basis?
Craig Siegenthaler: So it's about 30% of your total ADV. But I just wanted general feedback on how you compete with the international futures exchanges. For example, there's five in Italy and China.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah. We got it. Thanks, Craig. I can start, and then others Julie and others can jump in. So thanks, Craig. It's Lynne. You know, I think as we look at it, we have a unique product offering, kind of the breadth of our offering, contracts that our customers are able to come to us to risk manage. So not just see the places where we have IP protection, over those contracts and they are not offered on the local exchange, but also the depth of liquidity that you can get in our markets on a 24-hour a day basis. So getting access to the major U.S. entities or trading on, you know, the full treasury curve or the full U.S. rate curve, our energy products, these are unique to CME, and you have not only that product diversity, but the depth book where our customers around the globe can be trading in those markets. And have the same trading experiences during our U.S. hours.
Julie Winkler: No. No. I'll put that. Yeah. I think just to put some data behind Lynne's point on the benchmarks. I mean, particularly in equities internationally, we saw outsized volume growth up 33% year on year. And that was largely driven by, you know, the buy-side in EMEA, a props and retail business, and also LATAM on the sell-side and buy-side. So you know, users are continuing to come to our markets. The depth of liquidity is unparalleled, and, you know, they feel as Suzanne correctly pointed out earlier, right, safe in trading in this environment and with CME Group.
Julie Winkler: Yeah. We've just, you know, I just returned from the Middle East. My head of sales was just over in Asia over the last week as well. And the sentiment is that, you know, even among this market volatility and the tariff turmoil, clients are reiterating the importance of really that trusted partnership they have with CME Group to access our liquidity and manage risk. So we feel strong about the relationships that we've built with our customers and the fact that we have such a diverse product suite that they're able to take advantage of.
Terry Duffy: Craig, I would just add that the one measuring stick that you have to look at is we as we announced earlier, the record volume coming from outside the U.S. is really the measuring stick, how we look at ourselves versus other entities. So at 8.9 million contracts a day, that is a record for CME Group, and I think that's something that we're very proud of and we're continuing to build on.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just to come back to retail. If we think about the surge that we've been seeing in micro futures, can you comment on to what extent retail users may use other contracts that's outside of micro, like how good of a proxy is micro for retail? And as we think about volume tiers as well, that you called out in the commentary, should we be thinking kind of quite diversified by product line including equities, of course, since we've seen the volume surge in April there really pick up.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Brian. So I'm going to ask Lynne to comment on the volume tiers. And that was if that had the impact on the RPC as you saw. And then on the micros, I'll ask Julie to comment. Is it a proxy as it relates from the retail going forward? And then I have an opinion on that as well. So go ahead.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah. So volume tiering, Brian, you will see in the individual asset classes, the individual product. So those are separate. It's not across the board where it's the total volume over our complex. You would need to look at the volume within each asset class. And, you know, for instance, there will be volunteers for treasury. So you may you would need to look at the performance of those various parts of the asset classes. So when we have not only record overall volume, our highest quarter in history, but we also had our highest quarter for interest rates, equities, ag, and FX. You will see more of the impact tiering when you're at those high levels of volume. That is intentional. We want to make sure in these high periods of volatility that our customers can continue to manage that risk and that exposure. And make it cost-effective for them to do so and continue to trade. It's obviously highly profitable for us as we see that increase in volume coming across the system. We have very high operating leverage and get high incremental margin on that trade. So it is something that we've built into the system to make sure that we are capturing that maximum velocity of trade.
Julie Winkler: I think in terms of the micro question. I mean, it was a very deliberate decision on our behalf to introduce those products and, you know, the thinking that the time is the same as it is today. We wanted to find a product that has the correct size for the retail customer. And clearly, there is a spectrum of retail customers in terms of those trading with a smaller account size where micros, you know, very much fit into their portfolio in just the right size. There are also, you know, retail accounts that are much larger than that and people are hedging, you know, relatively large stock portfolios where they may be able to get into our e-mini and have actively traded that in the past. So we monitor this and are certainly seeing as well that as new, to futures brokers come into the marketplace, and, you know, even our existing partners, there is more product diversity in what they are trading. So I think micros are a good proxy. However, retail traders are not limited to just trading micro equities. And, you know, I think that's where we do see, you know, saw that in Q1. They're trading the full-size gold contract. They are trading the full-size cryptocurrency contract. And so, again, I think it speaks to the breadth of our product portfolio, but it also is heavily dependent on the size of that individual trader who is accessing our marketplace.
Terry Duffy: And just to add to that a little bit, I do think when you look historically at micros, and you look back at the equity markets going back twenty-five years ago, when the multiplier of the S&P 500 was cut to fifty, that was a smaller contract, and the e-mini came out of that. Now the e-mini is the large contract. The value of a contract sometimes determines where the participant may or may not go. To Julie's point. They can go in different size contracts, and I think that's very important. So to say it's a proxy would be a bit of a stretch, I believe. And right now, what you're seeing institutions trade by and you're seeing institutions trade the large contracts depending on what their needs are. And, again, we're trying to have a structure to allow all participants to participate at their comfort level. But you gotta remember that a lot of this is depending on the price of the actual product to determine the risk associated with that product. So if gold's at $3,500 an ounce versus $1,000 an ounce, obviously, the contract's much more expensive than it was at $1,000 an ounce.
Brian Bedell: Yeah. That's great. Yeah. I was just gonna say when we look at what the uptake is on the micro gold side that you were talking about, that's actually market to Terry's point. We had saw gold go from $1,000 to $3,500. That's a market that has tracked a lot of not just retail, but small institutional participation. That is such an important product right now that we've actually exercised some pricing power. Increased fees on those starting February 1st. And that is a very important point. So on these smaller products that may be large participants are trading, we are adjusting the pricing associated with them just like we did the equity market over the last twenty-five years as e-mini became the dominant size contract for the equity market. So we're very aware of that, and we don't price them on notional value like we did when they first came out. We price them on what we believe the participant is using them for.
Brian Bedell: Right. Right. That's all great color. Thank you so much.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alex Blostein: Hey, everybody. Good morning. I actually had another quick follow-up on retail for you guys. You talked about retail in the context of just volume contribution in the business. You help break down the composition of retail in terms of just the revenues where that stands now? Both on the trading side as well as the market data. If you look at the market environment in April, obviously, a lot more volatility. It sounds like retail continues to be fairly engaged, but as you sort of assess the health of retail and why this time around might be different from other drawdowns, so I'd love to get your perspective on what sort of been driving a bit more durability in retail trading so far in April, which again seems to be still somewhat engaged.
Terry Duffy: Yeah. Alex, thank you. I appreciate it. First of all, we don't give out the information of the breakdown of the whether on the revenue of market data or their trade. But let me comment as it relates to why I think the retail is different today than it may have been a year ago or ten years ago. The retail today has many more tools to allow their participation into our marketplace as much as well as many others that they did not have just a few years back. So when you look at retail brokers today offering futures, we didn't see that before. There was a comment earlier about Robinhood now offering futures contracts of CME. That was not around a few years ago. So the size of the retail market is so much bigger and diverse than it was years ago. I think that's one of the reasons why we're seeing not to take down in retail, why we still see the uptick continuing. And it's just the distribution of that product. The technology that allows people to participate, people have access to it, they want access to it, and I think that's the big difference that we're seeing today and we just saw in recent times. And I don't see that going away. I see that only continuing because of the way technology allows people to participate in different markets around the world, including CME's.
Alex Blostein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ashish Sabadra with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to drill down further on the energy. Similar to other asset classes. We saw some really strong volumes in April. How do you think about the puts and takes going forward? And then maybe just on the same topic of energy, how do you think about any updated thoughts on WTI versus Brent and the same on Natgas? Thank you.
Derek Sammann: Yeah. When you think you looking back in 2024, we put up a record year. Clearing, I think, generated in excess of $800 million of revenue last year. We started strong this quarter. To your point, we've put up first-quarter volume up 20%, but by options up 34%. We're seeing record individual months. And for options overall, in terms of open interest overall in the Henry Hub complex. We've seen volume records in options and futures open interest levels we haven't seen over ten years. So we're seeing multiple records over the course of Q1 that has carried over into 39% growth in April as well. We can look at where and how that business is scaling. When you look at the client segment banks, buy-side, commercial customers all up double digits. When you look at where that business growth is happening, as you heard Terry at the top of the call and Julie earlier, energy contributed to record revenues outside the US and non-US visit. That's a new all-time record for energy contributing as it was for AGs as well. When you look at the kind of positioning of Henry Hub and WTI, like, everything we've been talking about for the last two to three years has been a structural shift positively positioning both Henry Hub and WTI as global benchmarks. We see that in our client participation numbers. We see that in the regional growth. The question was asked before about regional participation. We're seeing net new energy customers in Europe and Asia expand products as the US continues to produce and export these products at record levels. So when we look at our position going forward, we think very firmly CME is in the right position with benchmark products. When you look at the growth it's a risk-on environment right now. When you look at the competitive metrics, I would say that our WTI share relative to ICE in Q1 was about static, that 73%, paced to be unchanged from last year. Henry Hub about the same in future, 77, 78%. We did see our share actually grow in WTI options relative to ICE to 91%, and we saw an increase in Henry Hub option share up to 71% from 66%. So we think to the points made earlier, global benchmarks adopted given the liquidity, given the infrastructure, all the conversations we've been having about the benefits of what CME Group presents to our customers, that is totally the story of global client adoption. We think a strong positioning going forward through what is an unbelievably difficult challenging environment for our markets where our job is to help customers manage that risk with the products and tools we give them daily.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks, Derek.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Allen with Citi. Your line is open.
Chris Allen: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Most stuff has been covered. But one question we've been getting is how to think about the implications for a resolution of Ukraine, Russia, specifically in the energy complex. We also wonder if there's any other implications for other areas, let's say maybe ags as well. So any color there would be helpful.
Terry Duffy: So the resolution between, say, Russia and Ukraine? If there is a resolution. Obviously. Yeah. And what does that mean for the energy market? Is that what you said? Because
Chris Allen: Yep.
Terry Duffy: Yeah. Again, I'll let Derek comment, but I think that the resolution of that is not for anybody in this room to try to figure out. There are a lot of people internationally that work for governments that are trying to deal with that issue. All we can say is we hope that it comes to a resolution soon. Because we don't like no one likes to see what's going on with all the bloodshed in these regions. So as far as the price of the product, you know, I think that it could take some time before the Russian market gets back into the world market if in fact it does. I don't know that, but that would be my political take on it. That it would take a little bit of time for them to be more accepted back into the world, global marketplace. So what does that mean for the price? I don't know. I guess we have to see what the supply is just going to look like and also the demand and that will help us more with that. I think that there are many parts of the world that are producing energy today, especially the US, that help facilitate what's going on in Russia. And, Derek, I'll let you comment more on it, but that is my take on it. I don't know if it's going to have a massive impact on the price of energy once that's resolved. I just hope it gets resolved.
Derek Sammann: Yeah. I think, Chris, you raised a good question. I think to Terry's point, we don't actually know, but it is talking to our customers and seeing how they have basically redeployed supply chains, physical supply chains, and physical commodities is something we've seen and reworked over the last two years. That's one of the reasons why we set an all-time record last year in our commodities complex portfolio of almost $1.7 billion of revenue, and we're seeing the same thing, a record first-quarter revenue across AGs, energy, and metals. I think what we can say is that we've seen customers in this environment of uncertainty, to Terry's point, move to pools of known liquidity and pools where the US has already restructured its export market for both WTI and natural gas. Using the US displace. Every other country has now been the largest exporter of these products. So we think as customers have reconfigured their supply chains, they are following their risk management tools along with where they're actually being supplied with the physical product from. So our job is to continue to leverage Julie's team globally. We mentioned growth in the Middle East. And Europe and Asia, the areas where we're seeing the fastest growth across energy on almost 30% between both APAC and EMEA, and that's been a trend for the last two years. So I think it's a risk-on environment. Customers don't know where this is going to land, and that's why they're actively using our products to risk manage.
Chris Allen: Thanks, Derek.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Stephanie: Hey, good morning. This is Stephanie on for Mike. Maybe just turning to cross-marketing. Can you just update us on the benefits you're providing customers today? What further steps can you take to enhance those efficiencies over the next twelve months? And maybe just looking out a few years, which products and asset classes do you think could be could these savings be most impactful? Thank you.
Suzanne Sprague: Thanks, Stephanie. So in our cross-margin program with a fixed income clearing corporation, we continue to onboard new participants. We're up to fifteen house accounts now at this point in time. And we also continue working together to be able to expand that to end-user customers. So our plan is to be operationally ready to support that by the end of this year. Of course, we can't opine on regulatory approval timeline. But we have heard a decent amount of interest from clients in being able to take advantage of those offsets. We've also seen an increase in clearing membership to be able to take advantage of the current house program. So we continue to deliver upwards of a billion dollars in savings for that house program and are committed to being able to expand that to the customer.
Terry Duffy: Stephanie, just to add to that, it is important for us to remind everybody, and I know you're going to say this a lot, but we are at $60 billion a day in total offsets on margin on efficiencies today as it relates to all of our asset classes. Twenty-somewhat billion in rates alone, I believe, is the number. The fixed income not the fixed number would have FICC is probably the smallest of that $60 billion. So we are creating massive efficiencies for our participants cross-margin, and we want to continue to create efficiencies across the board through all of our asset classes. So even though that the relationship with FICC is massively important to CME and we're going to continue to build on it, we are still creating immense savings for our clients so they can manage their risk the most cost-effective way across all six major asset classes here in CME.
Stephanie: Thanks, Suzanne.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Simon Clinch with Redburn Atlantic. Your line is open.
Simon Clinch: Question. At least my question is being answered. So I'll stick with the housekeeping one here. Lynne, could you just walk us through the very good expense control we saw this quarter and how we should expect that to ramp through the year and also break out, you know, what the Google spend was and any other factors you think are worth calling out? Thanks.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Sure, Simon. Thank you. So if you look at the expenses for the quarter, obviously, quite strong expense discipline. Would you expect over the course of the year that there will be a few factors that will continue to grow? If you look at the trend last year in technology, we're seeing increases in the technology spend as we migrated more to the Google Cloud environment. So quarter over quarter, we were seeing that increase. We would expect to see that again over the course of this year as we get more applications into that cloud environment. I would also say that the professional fees this quarter were a bit light. Those do tend to follow larger scale projects, and that's just a little bit of the timing on when those kick off. So we'd expect to see that ramp up over the course of the year as well. We also typically have much higher spend in the marketing area in Q4 related to some of our large-scale events. You will see that towards the tail end of the year. The last thing I would point out is on the merit increases for staff, you get about half of that impact in Q1, and you'll see the full impact running through the remainder of the year. So in terms of Google, the total spend in Q1 was just under $20 million. We'll see about $19 million of that coming through the technology line and a little under $1 million of that was in professional fees.
Simon Clinch: Correct. Very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Budish with Barclays. Your line is open.
Ben Budish: Hi. Thanks for taking my follow-up. Terry, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the launch of BrokerTec in Chicago. So what are your ambitions there? What's the anticipated customer type? What are your kind of thoughts on how it improves competitive positioning? Any color there would be helpful. Thanks.
Terry Duffy: Yeah. Thanks, Ben. I'll ask Mike Dennis to give a little color on BrokerTec Chicago, then I'll comment when he's done. Mike?
Mike Dennis: Yeah. Thanks, Terry. And good morning. BrokerTec Chicago, this is a project we're very excited about. It's a second central limit order book that will be uniquely located right next to our core futures and options market in the Aurora data center where clients have a lot of connectivity already. As the futurization trend has grown over the past several years, clients have come to us, you know, looking for solutions to help better manage trading between cash and futures. So we have received overwhelmingly positive feedback from the dealer community as well as from clients that are very active in relative value strategies trading both treasury future and silver futures for shield's cash treasuries. This new central limit order book will help drive new client acquisition as well as allow us to be more creative on thinking about new trading modalities within our interest rate complex. So launches are scheduled for Q3 2025, and client testing will be available shortly. Probably at the end of April. Our New York club will continue to be the main venue for risk transfer and price discovery. You know, one thing to say is that different traders need different execution tools and different execution types. Offering both access models will allow us to capture a broader set of clients. So you think about the treasury cash and on-the-run market in two segments, you have risk transfer trades clients seeking larger stacks of liquidity, which the BrokerTec New York club continues to address. Then relative value trades. Cash for future trades was five we seek inside prices and transact in smaller size. So we're very excited for it, and I'll turn it over to Terry for follow-up comments.
Terry Duffy: Yeah. No. I think you said it all correctly, Mike. I think what's important here is we're trying to make sure, as Mike said, that we can make certain every client is having the ability to have the market to where they believe is in their best interest. And the dealer community believes that having they're one of the constituents among others that having it side by side against the treasury futures complex is the right place to be, and we've analyzed this every way to Sunday, and we don't disagree. I think it's really important that we look at all of the market. I think what Mike said is really important and the reason I hesitate is I want to focus on this. The futurization of that marketplace is critically important. And it has been my focus for a number of years, the futurization of some of these cash markets. And I think we're continuing to see that especially in the rates business. So having that set up in Chicago makes a ton of sense for CME going forward, and I'm very excited about the future of our futures franchise. No pun intended, to move that and grow that business exponentially. We have seen BrokerTec grow a little bit over the last quarter. But again, I think we're looking at this for the long run, and we want to make sure that all participants have access to the marketplace where they feel comfortable in. And that's one of the constituencies that does. So long-winded way of saying we want to make sure we have both.
Ben Budish: Great. Thank you very much.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Ben.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brian Bedell: Oh, great. Thanks for taking my follow-up. I actually just want to on that very last question, if you could just comment around to what extent is this designed for basis trading between treasuries and futures? Because you mentioned the relative value. So are you attempting to optimize practices around basis trading and maybe just your overall view on how that's trending with the very high volumes in April versus sort of what's happened more recently? And then I did have a housekeeping question on just the contribution from Aastra in Q1 and the interest rate spread that you're keeping on the collateral balances. Is that still the 35 cents on the cash and I think 10 cents on non-cash?
Terry Duffy: Yeah. Thanks, Brian. So on the basis rate, I wouldn't say that the decision had any bearing on putting BrokerTec Chicago in Aurora at all. As it relates to the basis trade. The basis trade we all know how that works and having the BrokerTec Chicago, I don't think that's that was not our intent at all. It was more for to give participants the choice of where they want to execute on their cash side versus their and their futures both in Chicago and in New York. And that was really the genesis of bringing in BrokerTec Chicago to Aurora. Nothing to do with the basis trade. As it relates to Aastra, I'll let Lynne make a comment.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. So, Brian, the contribution of Aastra in 2024 was $89 million in earnings to CME. It's typically in the range of $20 to $22 per quarter, somewhere in that area. S&P doesn't report for a couple more weeks, so I won't give the it's too granular specifics on this quarter. But it was I think that's a pretty safe range to use looking at last year and kind of the range that we typically see. And then on the spread on collateral, it was 35 basis points this quarter similar to Q4.
Brian Bedell: That's on the cash side. On the cash side. Okay. And is it ten on the non-cash? Still?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. Yep. Yep.
Brian Bedell: Perfect. Okay. Thank you so much.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, I'll hand the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Terry Duffy: Thank you all for participating in our call this quarter. We look forward to following up with any questions you have. Obviously, we'll be reaching out or you can reach out to us. Have a good day. Thank you very kindly.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-12 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the CME Group Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to inform all participants that your lines have been placed on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Adam Minick. Sir, please go ahead.
Adam Minick: Good morning, and I hope you're all doing well today. We released our executive commentary earlier this morning, which provides extensive details on the fourth quarter 2024, which we will be discussing on this call. I'll start with the safe harbor language and then I'll turn it over to Terry. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results and outcomes may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statement. Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Lastly, in the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures following the financial statements. With that, I'll turn the call over to Terry.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Adam, and thank you all for joining us this morning. I'm going to make a few brief comments about our record year in 2024 and some thoughts on the current business environment. Following that, Lynne will provide an overview of our financial results and our 2025 guidance. In addition to Lynne, we have other members of our management team present to answer questions after the prepared remarks. 2024 was the best year in CME Group's history and our fourth consecutive year of record volume with average daily volume increasing 9% to 26.9 million contracts. This growth was broad-based, with volume increasing year-over-year in all six asset classes, including all-time volume records in our interest rate, foreign exchange, metals and agricultural complexes. It was also a record year for our international business, which averaged 7.8 million contracts per day or up 14% from the previous record set in 2023. In addition to our impressive volume results, we continue to provide unmatched capital efficiencies for our customers. We have previously discussed that within our interest rates alone, the breadth of our offering results in margin savings in excess of $20 billion per day for our clients. It is worth noting that this margin savings applies across all the asset classes we clear. As you may have seen in the commentary we released this morning, our customers are now saving approximately $60 billion per day across all six asset classes. Commodities were the third fastest-growing asset class in 2024, with metals volume up 23%, energy up 17%, and ags up 13%. These businesses combined to generate a record $1.7 billion in revenue in 2024, up 16% versus 2023 and are off to another great start in 2025. Commodities growth came from every customer segment, led by the buy side, where we've seen significant increases in activity by global multi-strategy hedge funds as they expand in commodity-focused strategies. Geographically, the fastest-growing growth came from EMEA, where our year-over-year volume was up 34% across the commodities business. Commodity options also demonstrated strong growth with volumes up 29% versus 2023. Our growth has been driven by strong new client acquisition across both institutional and retail sectors. I've said many times in recent years that it's going to become more and more difficult to distinguish between retail and institutional trading behaviors. Technology is equalizing the access to data and improving the flow of information. This is bringing a new type of trader into our markets and will continue to grow the overall financial system. Over the last year, several large retail broker partners have joined our markets to meet this customer demand. As discussed throughout this year, we have increased our allocation of expenses to marketing and education of potential new clients. Given the strong financial results, we further increased this investment during Q4. In total, new clients added in the last five years have generated approximately $1 billion of revenue, including approximately 5% of transaction and clearing revenue in 2024. Moving into 2025, we continue to see strong volumes to start the year with new volume records in January and ongoing customer needs through efficient trading and hedging solutions. Shifting views around the global economy, persistent inflation, potential for changes in tariffs, and ongoing geopolitical tensions, all contribute to potential market movement and the need for effective risk management, which we will continue to provide to our clients. In addition to the impressive volume results I've outlined, we've delivered record financial results. With that, I'll turn the call over to Lynne to review these results in more detail.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Terry, and thank you all for joining us this morning. As Terry mentioned, we had very strong financial results, delivering our third consecutive year of record revenues and earnings in 2024. Our revenue of $6.1 billion grew 10% compared to 2023 and included all-time revenue records in all six of our asset classes. Our annual adjusted expenses, excluding license fees, were approximately $1.59 billion, including $85 million related to our cloud migration. Our adjusted operating margin for the year expanded to 68.3%, up over 140 basis points from 2023. We delivered $3.7 billion in adjusted net income, resulting in 10% earnings per share growth for the year. During the fourth quarter, CME Group generated more than $1.5 billion in revenue, a 6% increase from Q4 2023 on similar volumes. Market data revenue grew 9% from last year to $182 million. Expenses were very carefully managed, and, on an adjusted basis, were $520 million for the quarter and $436 million excluding license fees. CME Group had an adjusted effective tax rate of 21.8%, which resulted in adjusted net income of $919 million. Our adjusted earnings per share were $2.52, up 6% from the fourth quarter last year. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were approximately $28 million, and cash at the end of the year was $3.1 billion. CME Group declared dividends during 2024 of approximately $3.8 billion, including the annual variable dividend of $2.1 billion, which was paid in January. Turning to 2025 guidance, we expect total adjusted operating expenses, excluding license fees, but including cloud migration expenses, to be approximately $1.65 billion. Total capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $90 million, and the adjusted effective tax rate should come in between 22.5% and 23.5%. In December, we announced transaction fee adjustments, which became effective February 1st. Assuming similar trading patterns as 2024, the fee adjustments would increase futures and options transaction revenue by approximately 1% to 1.5%. Market data fees were increased by 3.5% at the beginning of the year. Additionally, we announced a 10-basis-point non-cash collateral surcharge effective in April for participants that do not post at least 30% of their margin requirement in cash. This change will ensure a minimum level of cash for risk management purposes. The financial impact of this requirement will be dependent on customer decisions and may result in an increased average rate on non-cash collateral or an increase in cash posted at the clearing house. As always, we focused on the total cost of trade for our clients and considered the impact of the collateral fee changes when reviewing adjustments to the clearing and transaction fees this year. In aggregate, the fee changes and cash minimum could add 2% to 2.5% to pre-tax income, assuming a similar volume and collateral levels. In summary, we're very proud of the results we were able to deliver as a firm this year, driving 10% revenue growth and 10% adjusted earnings growth from our previous record year of 2023. Consistent with the growth goal we discussed coming out of 2022, this year represented our third consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth. We'd now like to open up the call for your questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Patrick Moley of Piper Sandler.
Patrick Moley: Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. In the release today, you mentioned that retail remains a bedrock of the new customer acquisition strategy. You're currently in the process of rolling out futures to Robinhood's 24 million customers. So, I know it's still pretty early, but I was hoping you could talk about maybe how additive you think that this rollout could be to volumes this year, and then if you could just maybe speak to the broader retail strategy and any other opportunities that you see out there on the horizon.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Patrick. Let me turn it over to Julie Winkler. She can discuss a little bit about that and I'm going to chime in after she's done.
Julie Winkler: Sure. Thanks for the question, Patrick. On the new client acquisition front, about two-thirds of that $1 billion number that Terry referenced in his comments are driven by our retail business. Q4 was another really strong quarter for us in terms of total participation being up, the number of traders being up 6%, and that NCA number was up another 23% year-on-year. All regions, we saw growth there as well, and that was great because we saw that really also across all of our asset classes with kind of FX and metals certainly leading the charge there. The micros, volume is in product, I think it's continued to be a sweet spot for us in our retail business. So that volume was up 2.8 million contracts and ADV in Q4. So that was up 11%. And what this all has meant and you referenced it is we've been working with many new futures brokers over the last year. I think their interest in coming into this space is that sophistication of trader that Terry mentioned earlier, a lot of this is about reaching this customer base with education and growing awareness. And what is also appealing is our very diversified product offering. So, while we have the micro equity suite, we are also seeing a lot of uptake in crypto and commodities as well, which is great. Robinhood did launch a couple of weeks ago. They are continuing to do a phased rollout among their customer base, so very similar to what we've seen with other broker partners as they enter into the space. We're excited about that and certainly opportunity to work with all of these global partners. We have about 100 that we partner with around the globe, and we do have some other additional ones coming online as we look ahead into 2025. And I think the other kind of context around this is just this retail business is also a huge contributor to that international performance as well. And so, as we see retail grow, that is a big contributor to those international results with the 7.8 million in ADV, which was up another 13%. So, we're excited with our diverse product offering, the global appeal of our products and certainly being able to partner with these great broker partners and providing education and awareness. So, we feel like the outlook is good.
Terry Duffy: So, Patrick, what I would just add to what Julie said is that I think, as I said earlier, the lines between institutional and retail are continuing to get more and more blurred. We're referring to our current institute -- our current retail business, which is more of a professional sell trader. I think the definition of that retail participant is going to continue to evolve over the next several years, and we might be saying something a lot different about what a retail participant looks like. So, to say what it can look like just that one particular broker or another may not be fair. How they access markets, the ease of accessing markets, the new risk management tools that technology and artificial intelligence will allow us to deploy will help us broaden the scope of what we define as retail today, tomorrow. So, that's what's more exciting to me than just a current retail trader. Even though it's an exciting business, I think that's going to continue to evolve and be defined in different ways in the upcoming years.
Patrick Moley: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, one quick follow-up, Terry. In the fourth quarter, you received approval from the NFA to establish your own futures commission merchant. You did put out a press release after saying that you're committed to the existing FCM model. But just was hoping you could maybe talk about what strategic benefit does this give you going forward, and would there ever be an instance where you would look to utilize it. Thanks.
Terry Duffy: I don't know if there would be a situation for me to utilize it or not. At this given moment in time, there is not. And I have said that we will not dislocate our current FCM partners with our FCM license that we now hold. I think it's important and I've said this for a lot of years, you cannot try to get prepared when things change. You need to be prepared prior to that happening. And this is just another step in us putting pieces of different parts of the equation in place if in fact, market structure changes, behavior changes or the business changes a little bit. I'm not going to wait or the future of this company will not wait until that happens and try to deploy those types of assets that you don't have at the time. So, it's really important for us to have those in place. My viewpoint has not changed. I am not looking to dislocate or disintermediate any of my FCMs today.
Patrick Moley: Okay. Thanks. That's it from me.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: The next question will come from Alex Kramm of UBS. Your line is open.
Alex Kramm: Yes, hey, good morning, everyone. Just quickly on capital allocation and more specifically on buybacks. I don't think you've spoken since you got the authorization for the $3 billion. Any updates or can you just elaborate a little bit on how you're thinking about buying back stock? Is it consistent? Is it more dependent on what the stock is doing? And then, of course, how -- what have you been doing with it so far? Have you been buying stock? And what are the near-term plans? Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Alex. Lynne?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah. Thanks, Alex. So, I would say, as you saw with our most recent announcement on our dividend last week, we raised that from $1.15 to $1.25. We continue to view that as an important use of our capital. And just a reminder that we did pay out the variable dividend here in mid-January. So, our excess cash that we built up over the course of last year just was paid out in that variable dividend. So, as we look to go forward with this new lever we have with the repurchase program, I would describe it as opportunistic. We're viewing this as kind of the third means that we have to return capital to our shareholders, and we'll continue to use those three levers that we have.
Alex Kramm: All right. That's it from me.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Alex.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Cyprys of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask around product development opportunities around climate events. Just given we've seen more severe weather patterns and natural disasters and events in recent years, just curious how you see the opportunity to help more customers manage risk here. You already have weather contracts. I guess, what's the potential to broaden out that product set more fulsome? It seems the insurance industry may have some challenges from some of these events. To what extent can a capital markets-based contract be part of the solution? How are you thinking about that?
Terry Duffy: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. I'll let Derek address that and then I want to give a comment also to it.
Derek Sammann: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. The short answer is the market is already using our products and services today. You made a great point about weather patterns. That's one of the primary drivers of what's going on in our record activity in our ags markets from 2024. And if you look at where we're starting 2025, our ag business is up 32% year-to-date and growth in almost 20% of open interest as well. So, I think we're seeing significant participation for folks looking to understand the impacts on real economies. They're playing that through our ag markets and our grains and oilseeds markets. We're also seeing that play through the energy markets, particularly in nat gas, since nat gas is becoming increasingly the power source for both heating and cooling. When you look at our record results in last year from nat gas and carrying over into this year, most important, our options is up 61% last year. So, as these unplanned but now is, to some degree, expected dislocations in weather patterns, we're actually seeing folks increase their use of our energy products to adapt for that and using options as a large proportion of that. You also rightly mentioned our weather-driven market. We are the largest weather-driven market out there. We finished the year at about 90,000 contracts open interest. 70% of that is in the form of options. And that tells you I think we've got sophisticated end user buy side and commercial customers using that market, not just directly in our own derivatives, but that actually sets a lot of the prices for a number of indexes and OTC transactions that trade-off the back of that are indexed to and then hedge back into our weather market. I think the kind of last piece to this that we're seeing this play out is in the energy transition economy. When you look at our metals business, we are the leader and putting up substantial growth in our battery metals business, whether it's cobalt, lithium or the spodumene product we launched just a few months ago, as folks are looking at not just the disruptions to market, but what the alternatives are. They are playing that through our battery metals market. They're playing that through our ethanol contract with the largest ethanol market out there. And we just launched a physical ethanol contract last week. And the first two trades were actually two large agricultural customers. So, the last piece of that is what we're seeing in the industrial metals market. So, as more work is put into the grid to reinforce our energy sector here in the US and globally, that runs right through the middle of the copper market as well as the battery metal market. And those are two markets where we're seeing record growth. So, we certainly see that the weather-driven niche itself has room to grow, but we're seeing the market already adopting market-based solutions in CME Group products. And that's why Terry referenced at the top of the script that our commodities asset classes, energy, ags, metals, are the three fastest-growing products in '24 and we're out of the gate strong in 2025 with ags up 32%, energy up 25%, and metals up 14%. So, we'll continue to talk to our customers and fill that need into the portfolio, but we're seeing them already use market-based solutions here at CME Group.
Terry Duffy: Just to add to that, Mike, I think what the comment that I read yesterday by Fed Chair Powell about -- talking about how mortgages could be unattainable in many parts of the country due to insurance reasons, and you raised this in your question, and I think it's a much bigger concern than people are thinking about. Derek referenced our products today that can help manage and mitigate some of those risk, but we're looking at other ways to continue to roll out products that might be more tailored towards that industry. Again, this is just in the pipeline with nothing to announce now. But I do think that is becoming more and more of an issue when it's not so much about can you qualify for a mortgage, can you qualify for a mortgage and get insurance also. So, that's a big issue, and again, I think that's another reason why risk management is going to be a priority in the outyears going forward.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Benjamin Budish of Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Benjamin Budish: Hi. Good morning, and thanks for taking the question. Terry, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about -- a little more about your product expectations on the retail side. Curious, it looks like looking through some of your micro products, the equity indices have been sort of the lion's share. I'm curious what your sort of expectations are in terms of engagement. How do you think about maybe for that product, specifically competition with other sort of S&P derivatives? And then, I have a follow-up on pricing.
Terry Duffy: Okay. Thanks, Ben. I look at the retail business, as Julie referenced, it's a massively growing business. And as I said earlier, technology is just enabling more and more participants to facilitate their own risk management, learn these products. I think education is absolutely key for retail. And those are a couple of things that we are really focused on, making sure they understand what they're doing. But with retail, as you know, the speed-to-market is critically important. They don't want to sit around and wait for two weeks to be facilitated to try to open an account. They need to expedite that process. So, I think that business will continue to grow and bolster. More and more people today -- the young people today are managing their own risk. That's only going to continue. It's not going to go the other way. I'm really excited about retail. And as I said a moment ago in the previous question or two, I really think the definition of retail is going to be critically important to the growth of that industry and see how we define it. Is it more mainstream versus professional? Is it a combination? Does the professional just get a little bit larger? There's a lot of different factors here. I think a lot of those can all come true at the same time. So, this is pretty exciting. I'm going to ask Julie to comment more on the retail as it relates to the growth of it.
Julie Winkler: Yeah, it's a great question. I do think similar to my answer from earlier, I think the diversity of our product suite is a real differentiator for CME. So, while we have historically seen retail customers come to us first to trade our micro equity suite, I'd say that trend is -- tends to shift given those strong macro trends that Derek spoke about earlier. The commodities interest there, especially when we look over to APAC is really strong, which is kind of contributing to our recent announcement as well about the micro ag contracts coming. So, we believe both with that as well as what we see with crypto, it's interesting that we are attracting customers with new products differently than maybe what we had in the past. I think the other trend that supports that is some of our new to futures participants are actually targeting a different segment, right? So, they may be existing CFD providers. And so, their entry point to come over into futures is going to be different than our traditional partners in this space. But the great thing is, we're still continuing to see great -- really strong year-on-year growth from our existing partners as well. So, a lot of this comes down to building awareness, making sure they have the product education that they need, and our team is working very closely with them on that front. And this allows us to easily cross-sell with what is interesting and what products are moving at that point in time.
Terry Duffy: And just to add to that, the new reference competition, and Julie touched on a little bit, for us, with all the different asset classes that I referenced in my opening remarks hitting all these new highs, it is really important that you introduce new potential retail clients into something they feel they know something about today. So, if you come up with a very difficult product for them to try to understand, so if you listed a SOFR contract to the retail participants, they might have a more difficult time participating in that than they would in a gold, silver, oil, or some of our other contracts that are more mainstream that they hear about every single day. So, the question is how could we customize those products for their ability to participate? And those are the things that we're working on. So, I think from a competitive standpoint, to your competitive question, Ben, along with the crypto, we're in a really strong position to introduce these to a whole new audience of retail participants.
Benjamin Budish: Great. I appreciate all the color. And just one housekeeping question maybe for Lynne on the sort of pricing change expectation. I just want to make sure I had it correct. The fee adjustments on the trading side, side, 1% to 1.5%, and then adding the sort of fee changes to cash minimum, so that add another 1% on top. So, the total is 2% to 2.5%. And I also wanted to double-check, does the transaction fee piece, is that sort of net of incentive changes, or is that the sort of pricing changes in isolation?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah. So, the incentives are included in that. So that's the expectation. We always are looking at not just rack rate changes, but also incentive changes. So, if you look at that 1% to 1.5%, that is inclusive of the changes being made there. Now, the thing you have to be conscious of on the other elements, so the collateral fee, it's going to be based on customer choice. So it could lead to a higher rate that we capture on the non-cash collateral that would flow through other revenue, but it also could mean that our customers would post more cash, which is the goal of this structure because we want that cash from a risk management perspective. So, if we see a shift to cash, you would see more of that come through in the non-operating income. So, when we talked about that 2% to 2.5%, that's a pre-tax earnings number because we don't know yet if we'll see the increase in the other revenue or in the non-operating income. It will depend on that decision by the customer base.
Benjamin Budish: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Ben.
Operator: The next question will come from Chris Allen of Citi. Your line is open.
Chris Allen: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Wanted to ask about your securities clearing build-out there. Just kind of where that stands currently? You talked in the past about having this as an option if the marketplace demanded relative to the kind of incumbent. So I'm just wondering where that kind of stands and how you think about it from a revenue opportunity standpoint longer term.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Chris. It's a good question. And I'll turn it over to Suzanne Sprague, our Chief Operating Officer and Head of Risk and Clearing. Suzanne?
Suzanne Sprague: Yeah. Thanks, Chris. So, we're pleased that our application for our securities clearinghouse has been published now in the Federal Register in January of this year, and we continue engaging with the SEC toward approval. We are excited about the opportunities that that license could bring in terms of generating additional value for our customers. We also continue partnering very closely with the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation to expand our cross-margining program with FICC, not only for the existing house account structure that's in place today, but to expand that offering to clients as well. So, capital efficiencies is a large focus for us as we've talked about already on this call, and both with our own securities clearing offering and continuing to expand that partnership with FICC, we're looking forward to being able to deliver that in a larger way.
Terry Duffy: So, Chris, sometimes you hear folks, especially recently, say that this could be delayed and that's not a surprise. Anytime you implement a new policy, everybody thinks they might be ready, but they're not. But I think what's really important, Suzanne touched on it, and we've been touching on this for quite a while is the benefits that this clearing offering offers to the clients by freeing up a bunch of capital for them. So, even though it may be delayed and some people think that they don't want it, when you look at the savings, they're just truly undeniable. We're referencing $60 billion of margin efficiencies when we're referencing $20 billion of rate efficiencies alone within CME. These are -- I testified a lot back in 2010, during Dodd-Frank. And the biggest opposers are the biggest beneficiaries today of central clearing and the offsets that they get to free up their balance sheet in lieu of some of the other requirements that have come at them on their balance sheet. So, this is a huge bonus for the participants going forward. So again, whether they use fixed offering or whether they use ours or someone else's, we think this is a benefit for the industry. So, we're looking forward to pursuing it.
Chris Allen: And just on that point, have you done any work to kind of quantify what the margin-saving potential that you would theoretically see for the industry?
Suzanne Sprague: No. At this point, it's hard to tell. I think choice is important here. We have seen an increase in clearing members to take advantage of the existing house account program with the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, and with expanding it to client, that presents additional opportunity for clients to be able to maintain that relationship that they have today in the marketplace and gain the efficiencies at the clearing level through the existing structure, as well as bringing online new offering through the CME securities clearing house. So, there's a lot of moving parts. I think choice is key for these market participants, especially as the clearing mandate evolves. It's hard to anticipate what those numbers will look like given all of those variables.
Chris Allen: Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: The next question will come from Dan Fannon of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. Terry, I was hoping you kind of -- you could expand upon your comments on just the outlook for activity, knowing you obviously don't have a crystal ball, but maybe just discuss the set up as we sit here in kind of mid-February of 2025 after several record years of growth for you, what are the kind of building blocks you think of growth and activity as we think about 2025 from a transaction perspective?
Terry Duffy: Yeah. Dan, my outlook really hasn't changed a lot over the last several years. I think it's going to be a very difficult environment for a lot of companies and individuals around the world and you need to manage and mitigate that risk. I mean, nothing has really changed from a year ago except we acquired just a touch more debt. So, when you're looking at $36 trillion here in the United States of debt, $36.5 trillion, $1.9 trillion deficit, you have the political issues in Washington about people trying to cut spending, potentially cutting taxes. There's so many moving parts right now. It's hard to say that people can -- will not be able to manage that kind of risk because it has such an impact on everyone's business, what rates do or don't do. Even the smallest rate increase or decrease could have a massive impact on the balance sheet with these kind of numbers outstanding. So, I think geopolitically, we're still looking at, the conversation around deregulation, which we haven't really gotten to in President Trump's agenda. He is dealing with other issues right now. He's got a very large agenda. So, it's going to be fascinating. But I think all these twists and turns that he has presented, which is exactly what the American public devoted him in to do and he's telegraphed it to a [T] (ph), so this shouldn't be a surprise. They all have a cause and effect on the economies, not only in the United States, but globally, and I think people need to mitigate and manage that risk. So, I do believe that you're going to continue to see a very active marketplace. Derek referenced some of the commodity products. I think -- and I referenced them in my early remarks for a reason. I actually think that you'll start to see more commodity index funds participating, trying to manage that risk, whether it's due to tariffs, whether it's due to weather, whether it's due to a lot of things. And then, of course, when you look at foreign exchange, right now, foreign exchange is jumping around quite a bit because of the potential tariffs that we haven't seen in a while. These are all things that you don't -- we haven't seen. They've been a little quiet lately that could come to the forefront in 2025. So, actually, I'm pretty optimistic, again, across all six asset classes for CME. There is a lot out there, Dan, as you know. And so, even though we feel like our lives are going well and things are going good, there are still a lot of dangerous places, especially economically around the world that we have to deal with. So -- and I think that's what we're here to manage.
Dan Fannon: Great. That's helpful. And then, just as a follow-up, in terms of capital return, I understand the buyback and the dividend, but on an inorganic or M&A perspective, can you remind us around the framework of how you're thinking about that? And ultimately, has that changed at all given maybe looser potentially standards around M&A that maybe broadens what you would be looking at under the current administration versus prior?
Terry Duffy: Yeah, I'll take the second part of the question, and then I'll give the first part to Lynne. It's yet to be seen what the regulations are going to be around M&A or not. It was a difficult environment under the Biden administration from the DOJ perspective to get some deals done and even IPOs out the door. People are talking about how this could be different this year. It's really hard to draw a conclusion, Dan, when we're a couple of weeks into the year and we haven't seen a whole lot of activity just yet on deregulation or new companies coming forward. So, I think that's going to take some time to get into the system to see if that materializes one way or not. And I will let Lynne talk about the former, on the repurchase.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah. So, I think, Dan, our approach to M&A is the same that it has been. We put ourselves in a good position from a balance sheet perspective. We're very conservative there so that if the right opportunity comes up, we have the capacity and the ability to act, but we tend to be a bit more choosy, I guess, I would say, and not as acquisitive as some of the others in our space. We typically are looking for things where there's a clear path to value and something that is in our core competencies, if that's risk management, running markets, creating capital efficiencies for our clients. So, we continue to look just as we always do, and if the opportunity were to be there, we're more than happy to execute on M&A.
Terry Duffy: Yeah. Dan, we're focused on so many different things. But one of the things I keep telling my team is you have to be able to look over your shoulder and see a pipeline of clients coming down in the future in some way, shape or form, because there's a lot of business turning around right now and not seeing anybody. That's not the situation for CME and we're going to make sure it continues that way. So, we are looking at not just some of your traditional ways if you want to call M&A, but other avenues in how we build this business. But it's really important, as I referenced earlier, to make sure that, that customer base is continually educated and coming into your doors at the pace that they need to come in here with. But it's important to make sure you look over your shoulder and know there's a pipeline of participants coming. And that's what we are working towards and doing right now.
Dan Fannon: Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. If I can come back to the retail theme, and Terry, especially your comments around the blurring of the retail users, it sounds like it's mostly between individuals and professionals. I mean, just in terms of identifying that, I guess, the simple question is, aren't they all coming in from retail-oriented FCMs, or where is there a mix that you can't tell? And is the blurring simply on, say, retail professional traders and then how you treat them differently from retail? And then, the tangent question to that is, to what extent are they interacting directly with CME in things like data and analytics as opposed to say at their retail brokerages? And is that -- to what extent is that an opportunity to create more vibrant data and analytics for that retail class?
Terry Duffy: Yeah. Thanks, Brian. Appreciate the question. And again, what I was referring to in my opening remarks between retail blurring was more on the institutional, not splitting the hairs of what a retail client is today versus what it might look like tomorrow. I did reference that I thought that the definition of retail is going to change over the years. I didn't reference that it's changed to date. So, I think what I'm referring to when I say they're blurred, I'm referring to the retail versus institutional today. Why? Because the professional retail has technology and a lot of other tools that did not have five, six, seven, 10 years ago that they do have today and they're coming more at a much cheaper cost than they historically have. So, that was my comment around blurring between current retail and individual. Now, as it relates to retail to retail versus the individual that you referenced, I think that definition will change as well. It just hasn't been defined yet what it's going to look like. So, I want to make sure I'm clear on that. I'm not saying that's changed to date. I'm suggesting that it will change tomorrow. And why will it change? I think it is going through our existing FCMs today. I think it will continue to go there as they continue to embrace, bring in new tools to allow clients to -- that they feel comfortable with managing. There's been kind of a pushback from some people about not wanting to have certain clients in their FCMs because of the risk profiles associated with that. And I can certainly understand that. But I do believe that some of the new technology tools and risk management protocols will allow that universe to grow. So, that's what I was referring to. As it relates to the data and analytics, I'm going to ask Julie to comment on that.
Julie Winkler: Yeah. No, great question. And I think we have seen some great trends there. I think it plays to the point earlier about just the growing sophistication of these users. They are big users of data. They are looking at analytics to make their trading decisions. And I also think, right, that trend towards just how these communities are connecting online and getting trading ideas from one another is also contributing to what we're seeing with this retail flow. So, as it relates back to our data business from -- we had a record quarter, certainly, we are up 9%, but specifically as it relates back to this non-professional device usage, we saw an increase just even from Q3 to Q4 of almost 40% from our vendors and our brokers in terms of increased units that they were reporting to us on a non-professional or retail basis. So, the demand and the interest is there. And our retail brokers are also offering things in that way. They know they need to provide robust data and analytics in order to continue to attract and educate them about what's going on in the marketplace. So, I think that is a key component as we think about this. I think the other trend that I would look at is we're seeing a lot of increased usage of options among the retail client base as well. And that again, I think, speaks to increased sophistication and we're seeing a lot more of our retail brokers being in a position to offer options as 2024 progressed and looking into 2025, and I think that blends nicely with just the need for data and analytics as well.
Brian Bedell: That's helpful. And can you cite like what portion of your revenue you think is coming from that retail or pro-retail? Or is that too difficult to assess?
Terry Duffy: We have broken out some of the retail revenue, but not by -- not so granular by individual. I think, Julie, you have some...
Julie Winkler: Yeah. I don't think we've historically disclosed what that portion is. What we've said is of our new client acquisition, that's two third of the $1 billion that we've seen over the last five years, which was contributing 5% of our transaction revenue.
Brian Bedell: Got it. And then if I could just ask one last one for Lynne on the cash collateral? If you can go through the rates coming into 1Q on the cash collateral? And is there -- has there already been any change with the new program coming into this year?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah. So, if you look at the start to this quarter, the US cash balances have ticked up a bit from where they were in Q4. So, we had $75 billion on average in cash in Q4. Quarter-to-date, we're running at $77 billion. On the non-cash collateral, we were at $178 billion in the quarter, and quarter-to-date Q1 is $175 billion. Now, the change on the non-cash collateral fee and the cash minimum does not take effect until April, so you won't see that change this quarter.
Brian Bedell: Got it. Okay, great. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: The next question will come from Bill Katz of TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much. Just circling back to the regulatory backdrop, Terry, I'd be curious what is the most recent update as it relates to the competitive backdrop on the interest rate contract and the US Treasury contract. I know there's been a lot of back and forth during the quarter in terms of some congressional commentary, but what's the sense here in terms of the sort of regulatory scrutiny around US/non-US interplay for that part of the platform? Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Yeah. Thanks, Bill. And I think the change is more clarity. And I think there was a lot of miscommunication of what I was saying and what CME was saying as it relates to the competitor's offering, which was that LCH is a duly registered clearing house in the UK and the US. I totally agree with that, where the monies of the depositors could be kept in US banks or non-US banks, I totally agreed with that. So, I never argued the things that they said I was arguing about. I argued about the default and resolution of the lending clearing house, which falls under the exclusive jurisdiction of the Bank of England. Now, if you took the rate swaps market that's cleared at LCH is bigger than the damn country, that is going to be a massive focus for the Bank of England when you look how big that market could be and if there was ever a default. If they were to try to clear US foreign sovereign debt on futures, which is larger than the cash market on a turnover basis, in that country and the US did not have a seat at the table or have any authority on default and resolution, we feel that that's detrimental not only to the US Treasury market to the people who own that debt because when you tear up trades, it's not where even a small portion if someone gets sick, we all get a cold. When you're talking about a market as big as $28 trillion, if someone gets sick, we all get cancer. That's a bad outcome. So, it's important for the US under sovereign debt under the Treasury Department, and you heard what Secretary Bessent said at the hearing that it's important that the United States of America has the resolution authority embedded in the US. So again, I've been making this argument for a long time and I think people are realizing it and we'll see where it goes. But I feel good that people are understanding the differences now versus where we were at just a few short months ago where others on the other side were trying to confuse the issue. And even our new Commerce Secretary, which will probably be voted on this week, when asked in the committee by Senator Cantwell, he gave a very convoluted answer that had nothing to do with what I just referenced.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you. And maybe just coming back to pricing for a moment, just want to make sure I understand this. Just looking at my notes from a year ago, I think your pricing in futures and options was up 1.5% to 2%, and I think I heard today a little bit lesser rate, about 1% to 1.5%. A, am I thinking about that on a like-for-like basis? Is that the right way to think about it? And B, if that is the case, can you talk a little bit about maybe the puts and takes of where you saw the greatest pricing capabilities maybe by either trading class or geography or by clientele type? Thank you.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes, Bill, thanks for the question. So, you're correct. The adjustment on the clearing transaction fee is a bit lower this year than it was last year. It's not unusual for us to pull different pricing levers. What we're always trying to make sure is that we don't impact the velocity of trade coming across our system. To us, it's not just focused on RPC. It's how we continue to drive healthy volume given the high incremental margin that we deliver -- that we achieve on that next trade. So, you have to balance not just changes on clearing and transaction fees, you got to look at the changes on data as well as the changes on collateral. As we talked about, there was this new soft minimum that was put in on the collateral side, which did have an impact to our client base. So, the mix shifted a bit away from the clearing and transaction fees. You want to look at where those changes were impacted the most. We made changes in the crypto complex as well as metals, both on the micro side and options, also in nat gas and our grains complex in our agricultural commodities. So, those were the contracts that we saw the largest increases this year.
Bill Katz: Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: The next question will come from Owen Lau of Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Owen Lau: Good morning, and thank you for taking my question. So, you mentioned crypto multiple times on the call. With increasing regulatory clarity, how does CME think about further expansion into this space? Would you consider launching more derivative products for tokens other than Bitcoin and Ether? And what does it take to go there? Thanks.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Owen. And I think it's a very interesting asset class. As you know, we were one of the first to come out with a crypto -- with Bitcoin in 2017 under the regime and rules that we put forward and we think that was a very smart way to approach listing Bitcoin. And then, you can see in the numbers today, it's reflective of the growth of that product and along with Ether. As far as other products go, I think it's going to be really important for us to consult and work with the SEC to make sure we get their comfort level about what's deemed to security and what is not. And that is yet to be decided from that agency. We continue to work with them, but we will not front-run them in any way, shape, or form on other cryptocurrencies until we have much deeper conversations. But there are some -- there is an appetite out there. I'll turn it to Tim McCourt, who runs that asset class, to talk a little bit more about the potential appetite for those other currencies.
Tim McCourt: Great. Thanks, Terry. And Terry is absolutely right. Our longstanding approach to the cryptocurrency business at CME Group is to be the trusted and transparent regulated venue, and we're going to continue to wait for the regulatory clarity and certainty before we introduce additional products on additional tokens and cryptocurrencies. We've been rewarded to date because of that because the secret to our success is listening to clients for demand-driven product development to meet their risk management needs in this new asset class. It continues to grow. nd when we look at just even this month in February, we had our largest trading date in cryptocurrency with almost 700,000 contracts trading on February 3rd, continuing to establish records across Bitcoin and across Ether in both standard and micro-sized contracts, and continuing to innovate in the Bitcoin and Ether lanes. That is where we have the certainty and clarity at present with our regulators, and we continue to introduce products like the Bitcoin Friday futures, the financially cash-settled Bitcoin Friday future options, and continuing to introduce additional order types and transactional handshakes around Bitcoin and Ether. And that will continue to grow in 2025, and we look forward to working with our clients and the regulators to see what additional products make sense in the future.
Owen Lau: Got it. That's super helpful. And then quickly, going back to the fourth quarter futures and options RPC, it was $0.701, up from $0.666 in the third quarter because of a mix-shift towards higher-price commodity activity and less volume tiering. Could you please unpack a little bit more on that volume tiering and how could it potentially impact your RPC in 2025? Thanks.
Terry Duffy: Lynne?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah. So, it's separate for each asset class and the products within that asset class. And so, it really depends on the volume that we're seeing flow-through. You will see a downward bias as you see large increases in volume and the opposite is true as you see decreases just because of that structure. It's an important part of our structure because we do, as I mentioned earlier, want to see that incremental trade and we do want to help our clients and incent them to continue the trading activity. So, it does provide a little bit of flex to our pricing structure, but that mix is really important. So, you will see pricing on that individual tier -- individual asset class basis. It's not across the whole enterprise, if that helps.
Terry Duffy: And let me just add to that, Owen, I think -- Owen, just to add to that, our philosophy around whether it's a full-sized contract, a micro or mini, we look at the constituency who is participating in this. We don't look at just a notional value, which may have been a historical look at the way we did things 10 years, 12 years ago. So, I think that can also have an influence on the RPC depending on how those products grow that are -- the people that are using them. So, it's going to fluctuate as Lynne said, but we feel from a pricing standpoint, we're understanding the client better versus just looking at the product and saying, here is the value of the product, so we'll charge a half if it's a half a contract. That doesn't make sense to me. It all depends on what's the use in the case for the participant.
Owen Lau: Got it. So, just want to understand better. So, does that 1% to 1.5% capture that volume tiering, or this is not the right way to think about that?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah. So, the assumption for when we put forward the pricing estimates, it's assuming a similar mix and volume level as the prior year. So, if you had changes in those elements, it would adjust that percentage, but we're basing it based on a similar trading experience we saw in 2024, that would be the impact.
Owen Lau: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Owen.
Operator: The next question comes from Kyle Voigt of KBW. Your line is open.
Kyle Voigt: Hey, good morning. Maybe I just wanted to come back to the commodities discussion, but more specifically around the increases in activity by global multi-strat hedge funds that you mentioned in your prepared remarks. I guess, can you just expand a bit on when you start to see those or a material pickup from that user base? What specific products you mostly seeing those users trade? And I'm just trying to get a sense if this is cyclical because there is simply more going on with inflation and tariffs and macro volatility? Or whether this is the start of a secular trend in growth from that user base?
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Kyle. Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yeah. Kyle, it's a trend we pointed to in previous calls. 2024 was a record year for us on the commodity side, as Terry mentioned, not just on the revenue side across all each of those asset classes, but by penetration into particularly EMEA, but APAC, and Julie mentioned a little bit of that as well. When you actually look at the fastest-growing client segment among that record of generated activity in 2024, the fastest-growing client segment was that buy-side community. So, this isn't a trend that we're seeing emerging. We saw this emerge over the last 18 months that accelerated into the back-end of '24, helping us put up the record volumes, and most importantly, the record revenues because that buy-side business tends to come at a higher RPC for us in already high RPC commodities products. So that's a trend that we've seen in place for the last 12 months to 15 months. Given the movements in headcount from places like bank trading desks and commodities trading desks into multi-strat hedge funds globally, we see this as very much an investment by the buy-side community to build this out as an alternative income stream beyond just typical equities and fixed income. So, we are seeing, I would say, some secular trends of growth and the enhancement on buy-side serving client need who are seeking access to physical markets in a way that we haven't seen in a very, very long time. So, I would say that, that has been a significant component in growing our 34% growth in EMEA over the course of 2024. And as I mentioned that in one of my earlier comments, our business kicking off into 2025 has started extremely strong with our overall business up, in ags up 32%, energy 25%, and metals up 14%. So, we see the secular trend. And the only other point I would make inside of that is that, and Julie mentioned this before, we're seeing an increased participation not just on the future side, but an outsized growth in options as well. So, that was an area saw record growth in 2024, and we're seeing that kick-off very strong in 2025. So, we see this as additive to the overall customer mix that we have. Julie spends a lot of time working with myself, and Tim and Mike making sure that healthy ecosystems of each different kind of clients in our markets. Buy side is crucial to come up alongside banks, commercial customers and retail, and their client-segmented sales teams bring to us ideas and opportunities for unmet need and that is a source of new product development. That's one of the reasons we built out a physical ethanol contract, micro ags, and short-dated options in ags as well. So, we see that a secular continuing and continuing a trend from the last 12 months.
Terry Duffy: And Kyle, I just think that when you look at the world today and what's going on, not just with inflation, but the amount of people that we need to continue to feed, and these products, even though they come and they go, it appears from the front page, they are always critical to each and every one of us as we go forward. So, I don't know if I don't want to call them secular, secular, or whatever, I think that they're constant. And the question is what page of the newspaper are they on. So, we're going to have ebbs and flows, but these are products that we are very excited about. We have been for a lot of years, and I think they'll continue to go forward and people will need to use them.
Kyle Voigt: That's great. And if I just ask a quick follow-up for Lynne, really sorry, but just to be very clear on the pricing changes, the 2% to 2.5% pre-tax impact that you mentioned, that is an aggregate figure inclusive of the transaction fees, correct?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: As well as market data and the collateral fee changes. Correct.
Kyle Voigt: Perfect. And then, on the collateral fee changes, roughly what percentage of the non-cash collateral balances would that additional 10 basis point fee apply to you today if no customers change their cash collateral allocations? Just for modeling. Thank you.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah. So, we can't break that out right now, Kyle, just given it's a customer-based decision. We'll continue to provide updates as we see the change roll through, but there's still a couple of months for them to optimize their positioning. If you look at the total cash collateral versus the total collateral, you're going to see that in the high 20% right now, but it's going to be based on the individual firms, not the aggregate.
Kyle Voigt: Yeah. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Kyle.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Worthington of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Madeline Daleiden: Hi. Good morning. This is Madeline Daleiden on for Ken. Thanks for taking our question. May you please talk about BrokerTec and the updated market share trends there with leadership likely moving to Washington at Phoenix? Do you feel that this puts BrokerTec in a better or worse position in the coming years to drive higher market share? Thanks so much.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Madeline. I will ask Mike Dennis to address that.
Mike Dennis: Good morning, Madeline. I appreciate the question on BrokerTec. When we benchmark ourselves for market share around BrokerTec, we focus on the FINRA TRACE number. Our share versus TRACE fell slightly in Q2, it's down about 1.2%. January is much better with ADV up 29% month-over-month, and market share ticking up about 0.5% versus December despite volatility remaining near recent lows. I think one thing that's important to highlight around BrokerTec is, BrokerTec is more than just a central limit order book for US treasuries. BrokerTec is a strategic asset of the CME Group, and it helps us drive our core futures and options business. Overall, revenues for BrokerTec were up 7% in Q4. We have a strong business in both US and EU repo, where we saw record ADV in 2024 across the repo complex. So, additionally, we've had some solid client adoption in some of our newer trading modalities, which we launched via our relative value curve offerings, which include cash spreads and cash butterfly spreads. And then lastly, one thing I want to focus on as it relates to BrokerTec is when the clearing mandate happens, we feel that BrokerTec can provide benefits as clients adapt to this new regulatory landscape. So, I hope that answers your question.
Madeline Daleiden: Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thank you, Madeline.
Operator: The next question is from Simon Clinch of Redburn Atlantic. Your line is open.
Simon Clinch: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. A lot of them have been answered already, but I was wondering if you could talk about the market data business. You mentioned that there's, I think, it was 3.5% pricing taken already this year. How should we think about the breakdown of volume growth here and the growth going forward given it's been consistently in that kind of high-single-digit range for some time now? Thanks.
Terry Duffy: Julie, do you want to address that?
Julie Winkler: Yeah, thanks for the question. The data business, we had a very strong quarter, right, $182 million in revenue, up another 9%. And that was driven, I would say, by a couple of different factors. Certainly, we had a price increase of 3.5% that took effect throughout 2024, but also that we're seeing interest in professional subscribers and access to our real-time data. And that is contributing to the growth of the business, as well as that non-professional component that I talked about earlier, as well as the drive data business. Because we haven't talked about the drive data business, just the detail there is that we continue to see increased use of our data by institutional clients as they look to create more of their own financial products and things like indices and benchmarks for their end customers. So, we're looking at some new things in terms of enterprise drive data licenses that really give clients more flexibility in that regard, and then we're also continuing to evaluate what additional analytic offerings that we can provide. So, a lot of good innovation there across the entire suite that I think really bodes well for a strong outlook there as well. And as Lynne mentioned, we have another 3.5% of pricing increases that took effect on January 1 for the core business.
Simon Clinch: Great. That's really useful. Thank you. And just as a follow-up, maybe this is more of a housekeeping question for you, Lynne. Could you give us the latest update on the Google Cloud spend for 2025, and what spend was in fourth quarter '24? And also just give us a sense of the priorities for that investment. You've already talked about the marketing element of going after new retail customers, et cetera, but I just wonder if you could flesh that out a little bit more for us. Thanks.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Sure. So, in the fourth quarter, Simon, the total spend was about $22 million on the migration. It was about $18 million within technology and about $4 million within professional services, bringing the total for the year to about $85 million. Within our guidance for 2025, it's including $115 million related to the migration. That will skew a bit more towards the technology side versus the professional services just given where we are in our migration timeline. So, the focus for this year is continuing to migrate some of the non-latency sensitive applications. So we have a number of our clearing systems moved, our data systems. We're continuing that progression as we move through 2025, and continuing to work with our partner on the opportunities for building out additional capabilities and services for the client base to use that data in a more effective way.
Simon Clinch: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Simon.
Operator: And that was our final question for today. I will now turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Terry Duffy: We want to thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate very much. Look forward to any follow-up questions you may have and look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you very kindly. All stay safe.
Operator: Thank you all for your participation on today's conference call. At this time, all parties may disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the CME Group Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to inform all participants that your lines have been placed on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Adam Minick. Please go ahead.
Adam Minick: Good morning. I hope you're all doing well today. We released our executive commentary earlier this morning, which provides extensive details on the third quarter 2024, which we will be discussing on this call. I'll start with the Safe Harbor language and then I'll turn it over to Terry. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statement. Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Lastly, on the final page of the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I'll turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Adam, and thank you all for joining us this morning. I'm going to make a few brief comments about the quarter and the overall environment. Following that, Lynne will provide an overview of our third quarter financial results. In addition to Lynne, we have other members of our management team present to answer questions after the prepared remarks. Our record breaking performance in the third quarter demonstrated the continued growing need for risk management globally. The third quarter average daily volume of 28.3 million contracts was the highest quarterly ADV in CME Group's history and increased 27% compared to the same period last year. This strong growth was broad based. We achieved year-over-year growth in both volume and open interest across every asset class for the second consecutive quarter. In aggregate, our financial products volume grew by 28% and our commodity sector volumes grew by 20%. This record volume was aided by the effectiveness of our volume tiers, including the 36% year-over-year growth in our interest rate complex to 14.9 million contracts a day with all-time record volume levels for both SOFR, futures and treasuries. We achieved this growth without lowering any fees or introducing any new incentive programs for these products. The lower RPC was driven by increased trading volume and our focus on tiering allowed our incremental earnings growth, given the operating leverage in our model. Our SOFR complex traded over 5.9 million contracts per day in the quarter and 6.9 million per day in September, all while seeing the customer network broaden with large open interest holders reaching a new record high in September. As you know, we often hear the view that a rising Fed rate environment is best for CME's interest rate volumes. However, over the last year, there have been no Fed rate hikes and one rate cut and our interest rate complex grew 17% over the prior year, which had six rate hikes totaling 2.25%. Opposing views of potential and actual Fed rate changes combined with ongoing levels of issuance and deficit financing should continue to provide tailwinds for interest rate trading. The uncertainty around the US election and geopolitical events around the world also contribute to a growing need for liquid and efficient markets to manage these risks and interest rates and across all of our asset classes. Q3 was also a record quarter for our international business, where average daily volume reached 8.4 million contracts, up 29% versus last year. This was led by a record 6.2 million average daily volume for EMEA, which was up 30% and 1.9 million contracts per day in APAC or up 28%. The record international volume was driven by growth in all six asset classes in both EMEA and APAC with the highest volumes coming from interest rates and equity products. In addition to the impressive volume results, we delivered record financial results for the second consecutive quarter. With that short summary, I will now turn the call over to Lynne to review these results in more detail.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Terry, and thank you all for joining us this morning. CME Group set all-time records for quarterly revenue, net income and earnings per share in the second quarter this year and immediately surpassed each of those records this quarter, starting with the highest ever quarterly revenue at nearly $1.6 billion, up 18% from the third quarter in 2023. Clearing and transaction fee revenue increased 20% on our record quarterly volume. Market data revenue of $178 million increased 6% from the same quarter last year and other revenue increased 29% to over $109 million. Our strong cost discipline led to adjusted expenses of $489 million for the quarter and $391 million excluding license fees. The resulting operating income of approximately $1.1 billion set a new quarterly record. Our adjusted operating margin of 69.1% was up 260 basis points from 66.5% in the same period last year. CME Group had an adjusted effective tax rate of 22.3%. Terry talked about the strength of our international business. The strong growth coming from outside the US has resulted in a lower effective tax rate. We expect this trend to continue in Q4, and we're lowering our tax rate guidance for the year to a range of 22.5% to 23% as a result. Driven by the strong revenue growth and operating margin level, we delivered the highest quarterly adjusted net income and earnings per share in our history at $977 million and $2.68 per share, respectively, both up 19% from the third quarter last year. This represents an adjusted net income margin for the quarter of 61.7%. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were approximately $30 million and cash at the end of the period was approximately $2.6 billion. Our continued product innovation, new customer acquisition and deep liquid markets across the six major asset classes has led to a consistent higher level of demand for our products. CME Group's daily trading volumes surpassed 25 million contracts on 55% of the trading days in the first three quarters of 2024 versus 35% of the days in the same period of 2023. Also, each of the last six months were monthly volume records, helping us deliver our best quarterly financial results in Q2, which were immediately surpassed by new records this quarter. We're very proud of the team for their efforts to provide our clients with the technology and products they need for risk management, while driving earnings growth for our shareholders. We'd now like to open the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. You may go ahead.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. CME has had a longstanding capital return policy. And Terry, you've given some thoughts around M&A, but wanted to get your updated thoughts on both of those after you -- as you just highlighted, record quarter-after-quarter and also a valuation that continues to compress versus peers. So curious about a buyback in the context of those two other things around the dividend policy as well as potential M&A?
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Dan. I think I heard you correctly. A little soft coming in, but you asked about buybacks and potential M&A.
Dan Fannon: Right, exactly.
Terrence Duffy: I think that's what you asked for. So, on the capital return to shareholders, I have said that we will always be monitoring this to see what is in the best interest of our shareholders at any given point in time. Our dividend policy over the last several years has suited the company extremely well in a zero rate environment, with the rates changing dramatically and other things happening throughout the world, we always constantly monitor this and we will continue to do so again with my board at its upcoming meetings. It doesn't mean we're doing anything, we just continue to monitor it. As far as M&A activity goes, Dan, we've been very fortunate to be put ourselves in a very strong position to be competitive around the globe with the transactions we've already done. But at the same time, if there's something there that we think makes sense, we're not afraid to take a look at it. But right now, that's all I'll say about M&A.
Dan Fannon: Great. And then just, I guess as a follow up, last quarter you gave us updates around the efficiencies that you provided to your customers. I think with both DTCC as well as more broadly. Can you update us on the number of customers, as well as the dollar amounts around that and ultimately just the conversations and how those are evolving given the increased potential competitive backdrop that's out there today?
Terrence Duffy: Yes. Dan, that's great. Well, appreciate the question. And I'm going to turn it over to Suzanne Sprague, who will give you those -- that data. Suzanne?
Suzanne Sprague: Yes. Thanks for the question. So in terms of our portfolio margining program that you mentioned where we offer offsets between interest rate, features an options against interest rate swaps, we continue delivering average daily savings of about $7 billion to clearing members through that program. Most of that is from US dollar swap activity. And then in the cross margining program with FIC, we continue increasing the number of participants in that program. We currently have 12 clearing members participating in that program and have achieved upwards of $1 billion in average daily savings for that program as well. So we are still focused on growing both of those programs and we do continue working with FIC and engaging with the regulators to be able to expand that cross margining program to customers as well.
Terrence Duffy: So our efficiencies, Dan, just to make sure we're perfectly clear, still averages between F&O and portfolio margining of close to $20 billion a day. So we just want to make sure they don't think that's changed one way or another.
Dan Fannon: Understood. Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chris Allen with Citi. You may go ahead.
Chris Allen: Yes, good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask about new customer acquisition, which you called out in the deck for the first time. Any color just in terms of how much impact you're seeing in terms of volumes from new customer acquisition and where are these new clients coming from?
Terrence Duffy: Thanks. We appreciate the question. I'm going to turn it over to Ms. Winkler to give you some color on that. But I think one of the things that I just want to highlight is really important is the numbers that came from outside of our US with the record volume. It's a big part of some of the new client acquisition that Julie and her team have been able to do globally. But Julie, I'll turn it to you?
Julie Winkler: Yes. Thanks for the question, Chris. New client acquisition has certainly been really a core pillar of our commercial model and an area of investment for us over the last few years. We're excited that those efforts are really yielding strong results. And we kind of think about this in two different buckets. One is our retail client base and one is our institutional client base. We are outpacing our 2023 performance by over 3%. And then the new institutional client growth, we're seeing that up almost 40% this year versus our three year average, which is great. So I'd say there's a couple of things behind that. Certainly, we've done a lot to build out a new inside sales team. And they're really a dedicated sales team that is focusing on prospecting, lead qualification and growth around really our medium-sized and high potential accounts. They're leveraging data, they're doing automation and this low touch sales model really is helping us to drive greater efficiency and also scale in that outreach. We have seen a lot of launch of new hedge funds and really the rise of commodity focused strategies that are also helping create some significant opportunities across our client base. CME Direct continues to attract a record number of new option traders. That was up 30% this quarter. And so, we see that all as really critical to the institutional model, as well as a lot of the new products that I'm sure we'll talk about on the call today, whether it's credit or TBAs, those are really powerful opportunities for us to reach new clients and bring them into the CME ecosystem. On the retail side, really what we're focused on less about ADV and more about really how many accounts we're opening and how many new traders we're bringing into CME through our retail channels. In Q3, we welcomed over 176,000 new traders through our retail channels -- sorry, year-to-date and 60,000 in Q3 alone. And so that's a 30% increase year-over-year. That is pretty consistent as you -- among previous quarters, what you see in the data that we released this time is really kind of the spread across regions where we saw 53% of that growth coming from the US and 16% within APAC and our 31% in EMEA. And so, where we're really focused there is on bringing our new to futures brokers into this ecosystem and also our existing partners. And this is a critical part of how we are continuing to drive NCA in this space, working with them on education, on marketing content. And so, where our distribution partners are successful, we have seen that success too, and that's really what's bringing those new traders to CME. They're attracted by the products that we have and we expect that to continue in the year ahead.
Chris Allen: And just a quick follow-up. You noted that plus 500 [indiscernible] surpass expectations and we -- obviously, [Robinhood] (ph) just launched last week on future trading. So when we think about Robinhood's account growth, is there any way to frame out what -- how you would expect penetration of -- I think it's like 23 million accounts they have right now and how they may translate into volumes?
Julie Winkler: Yes. I mean we're working with all of those firms. I'd say they have their own internal targets about the account openings. And I think with all of this Robinhood in the one -- in the launch last week, they're going to open up access on still a measured basis, right? And some of these are making sure they are testing these products out, they're working on the content. So I don't think we're going to see 23 million accounts trading futures immediately, but we really want to work with them to make sure, right, that the products that we are introducing to them and those clients are ready to be trading futures. And so, what we can see both with plus 500 and [indiscernible] is that adoption rate has happened even faster than what those firms have predicted. And so, I'd say they're very advanced in their customer journey and analytics. And so, that's all providing them, as well as us, information on how we can kind of support the active trader in their journey.
Terrence Duffy: So, Chris, just let me add something to that is one of the things we have said historically since I took CME Public in 2002, it's very difficult to predict future volume. So, when you're looking at new client acquisition and what their behavior may or may not be, it's really difficult to pinpoint what that can transition into. But I do think when you look at the trajectory of our business over the last 20 plus years as being a public company, you could see it's up and to the right growing by customers and of course, the new large open interest holders that I referenced earlier in my comments. So, those are all good factors for new client acquisitions. But again, we can't predict future volumes.
Chris Allen: Thanks. Goodbye.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ben Budish with Barclays. You may go ahead.
Ben Budish: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking the question. I wanted to kind of follow up there. I know it's hard to predict new volumes, but just thinking about like what retail trading activity may look like, can you just talk about the sort of P&L implications? Presumably, we would see a lower rate per contract as people are trading more of like the minis and some of the smaller products. But how do you think about what we might sort of be able to expect there? What are the implications from like an RPC and volume perspective? Again, I know it's hard to predict the volumes themselves, but just how should we think about interpreting results as we start to see a bigger contribution from retail?
Terrence Duffy: Well, Ben, let me make a couple of comments. Like I said, it is very difficult to predict. And every constituency that we have here is completely different. So when I talked earlier in my comments about the tiered pricing, I don't know that incremental volume drops to the bottom line is a good thing and that does take the RPC down a little bit with those higher tiers. That's still a good thing for us because of the increased volume. So when you're talking about retail in general, you don't automatically have to assume it's going to be a lower rate per contract, because we changed the pricing on some of our products, as you may or may not recall, we didn't price them based off of a notional value in pricing them. So when we did the E-mini or the micro or the mini Bitcoin contract, we didn't take the notional value and decide that's how the price should look. We priced it on the constituency of the client base and what they're getting for their value added that they are receiving from CME Group. So, we look at pricing in many different lenses and it doesn't have to be just the retail client constituency or the size of the contract or the institutional or the size of the contract. So I think it's really important that we keep -- continue to strike that balance with our client base to build the business. But it's hard to say that it will be a lower rate per contract. It's hard to say there'll be a higher rate for contract. So again, I think it all depends on the constituency that we are attracting. And this new retail business, I have said it a million times over the last year or two. I think this is going to become more-and-more blurred as we move forward with other institutional type trading and it's going to be in a very exciting time with the proliferation of artificial intelligence, other technologies, the accessibility into marketplaces, what retail can do. But again, it's really hard to predict what that's going to return to in revenues. Lynne?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. I would just add, our focus, Ben is not on growth in RPC. Our focus is on growth in revenue and growth in earnings. So if it's new client acquisition of any type, we're focusing on how we drive that top and bottom line and we're not focused on that RPC line in particular, it's really the overall picture and growth level.
Terrence Duffy: So Ben, I guess I'd like to tell you that we have a special formula, but we don't. And I don't think you would want us to have a special formula, because everybody is different as the market continues to grow. So it's exciting for us. And again, I think the one thing I can truly point to is the pricing change from micros that we did not do based on a notional basis. And that's the trajectory we're going as we look at the constituency.
Ben Budish: Got it. That makes a lot of sense. Maybe one follow up, just something kind of a little bit more nitpicky, but just curious the licensing fees picked up this quarter. And I know you kind of exclude those from your core OpEx guidance for the year, but just any color on what we should expect from that line item, the sort of the drivers of the sequential step up and how we should think about what that looks like over the next couple of quarters?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. So we did see a step up in licensing fees, not surprising given the high volume levels and the growth there. As you know, a good portion of that, the majority comes from our equity complex, which had nice growth, 9% up quarter-over-quarter and 17% year-over-year. The other item that you're seeing this quarter is, we do have some existing OTC clearing programs that have been in-place for a number of years, given the strong growth in that business over the last year, it has an off cycle measurement period. So the impact of that was seen in Q3. I would note because we did get a couple of questions this morning. There were no new license fee related programs in our SOFR or treasury complex. Those two main items are going to be the overall growth in the business and that those programs related to OTC clearing, which again have been in place for many years. I don't know. Mike, do you have anything to add on the OTC side?
Mike Dennis: Yes, just one thing to add on overall futures and option growth continues to bolster our OTC IRS business. We saw double digit volume growth year-over-year in both LatAm and US dollar swap activity. I think the important figure to highlight with Suzanne mentioned already today is that out of the $7 billion to $8 billion in portfolio margin savings that we see in the overall SOFR -- the overall swap complex, over 90% of that is in US dollar swaps. We have about $40 billion in margin collateral for swap activity and 80% of that is being attributed to US dollar swaps. So we've had some considerable buy side clients and bank clients put true risk with the CME in US dollar swaps, hence the over $7 billion a day in portfolio margin savings. I also think it's important to highlight that other CCPs have highlighted their margin and collateral levels. It's important to keep in mind that all of the collateral at other CCPs is not specific to swaps and currencies that will enjoy any material margin savings for SOFR and treasury products. Some of those swaps are related to Swiss yen, Canada, Sterling and Euro.
Terrence Duffy: And for those of you who are wondering who the hell that was, that's Mike Dennis there. He's the new head of our rates franchise. So thank you, Mike.
Mike Dennis: Thanks, Terry.
Ben Budish: All right, guys. Well, thank you so much for the response. Appreciate it.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Ben.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Ken Worthington with J.P. Morgan. You may go ahead.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. I want to ask about the digital business. Can you talk about the launch of Bitcoin and Ethereum ETFs and the impact that they've had on your futures business, they would appear to have helped a good amount. And as you think about the opportunity to further grow the digital platform. The perpetual market still seems to be quite a bit bigger than the calendar market. Does the perpetual market present an opportunity for further growth at CME?
Terrence Duffy: Tim?
Tim McCourt: Great. Thanks, Terry and thanks for the question. Certainly the development of the ETFs both in a spot based and futures based ETF structure for Bitcoin and Ether have not only developed the ecosystem further for those products, but also provided an opportunity for the futures complex to grow at CME. Like we see in a lot of asset classes, futures are at the center of these highly related interrelated ecosystems. And when we see the volumes in our crypto complex, the futures ADV was up almost 285% to a record 102,000 contracts. And when we look at the micros, they're up even more up, with Bitcoin up 470% and Ether, Micro Ether up 641%, respectively. This is because our futures not only enable more common ETF strategies such as trading ETFs versus futures or using futures to source inventory for stock loan in the ETF market. It's also our futures often provide a better, more efficient way to create and redeem the ETF is our ability to transact fees against the underlying index close to CME CF Bitcoin reference rate where our reference rates also underlies seven of the 11 Bitcoin spot ETFs. So this is a growing ecosystem. We are certainly at the center of it here at CME and we continue to be a leader in this space offering that regulated, trusted and transparent futurist market. And Ken, going to the perpetual market, it's not necessarily an easy comparison because those perpetual exist on more crypto native platforms that are not regulated outside of the US, but we continue to engage with customers to make sure we're working with them to design all the tools they need to manage risk in these uncertain times, whether that's in cryptocurrencies or other products. We'll continue to engage them to make sure they have all the tools they need, but it is critically important that here at CME and for the marketplace, they can do it in a trusted, transparent and a regulated manner, and that's what we offer with our crypto product here.
Terrence Duffy: That give you some color on that, Ken. Are you good?
Ken Worthington: Yes, that was great. Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Patrick Moley with Piper Sandler. You may go ahead.
Patrick Moley: Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So I had one on the competitive landscape in rates today marks the one month anniversary since FMX launched its SOFR futures contract. Volumes have been modest to say the least. So Terry, I was just hoping to get maybe a state of the union on the competitive landscape and just your updated feelings since this competitor exchange launched?
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Patrick. And again, I think you're right, the volumes have been modest, but it's early. So I'm not drawing any conclusions to -- as it relates to any competitor. We will continue to stay focused on the things that we are doing today, a lot of which, Patrick, you've heard us highlight over the last several months and years, and we highlighted again today, which is the efficiencies that we've been able to create for our clients in those asset classes that people are trying to compete with us in. So again, I think that's a -- we feel very good about our strong performance. I think there was some question about the growth of our interest rate products that we had to put incentive plans in. We clearly stated that we did not and still had the growth. So I think that goes to show you that the value of CME's products to its end users. And we also will go to the fact that still the cheapest cost to any participant is the transaction fee, the bid offer is extremely expensive when it gets wider. If you look at some of our competitors and Mike can maybe add some more color to this on the back end of their offering, their spreads are a lot wider than CMEs, which the cost would be dramatically higher than any incentive program they could possibly pay or a transaction fee associated with that. So Mike, you give a little color, then I'll come back and finish up.
Mike Dennis: Yes, sure. And thanks for the question, Patrick. Good morning. What Terry is referencing, it's still early days, but what we see is our bid ask spreads are on average a quarter tick tighter in front month SOFR contracts. Almost a half tick tighter as you move out the SOFR curve. As we all know, half tick equates to $12.50 per contract in SOFR futures, which towards the size of the transaction fee.
Terrence Duffy: Or potentially whatever the incentive is to trade that market.
Mike Dennis: Yes.
Terrence Duffy: So anyway, Patrick, I think that we're keeping a close watch on it, but we're staying really focused on our business and bringing the efficiencies. Suzanne referenced, the $1 billion a day that we're achieving with FICC. We want to make sure we can continue to build and grow on that program. We think it's very beneficial. We got to get more firms signed up. There's a lot on firms plates. So we're hopeful that they get signed up for that and they're starting to see that they don't want to be left out of that potential $1 billion plus on a daily basis with the FICC arrangement. So again, I think that's a -- I like our position there. But I won't comment any further than that if you're referring to some of the local media that's been put out there as it relates to what I have said about treasuries or are you just referring to SOFR? So I know what you're talking about?
Patrick Moley: Just SOFR, but if there's anything that you have to say on treasuries, I'd be happy to hear --
Terrence Duffy: I've said it pretty loud and clear publicly about how I feel about this. And I know that I keep getting rebuttals that monies from US participants are held in US banks, which is irrelevant, it could be held in Fort Knox, it wouldn't matter. We are talking about the resolution authority and the authority of who gets to make the decisions over a default and that would be the Bank of England and the FCA, not the United States of America if in fact those contracts were to be cleared there. So that has been our argument and people keep dodging it. I know that they're a duly regulated clearing entity, but that's got nothing to do with our argument. So I think that I've been to as many people as I possibly can, will continue to continue to be loud about this and make sure people understand what could be the detrimental effect of having US Treasuries not only being cleared overseas, but at the same time having the resolution authority being overseen by a foreign regular and not the United States government. So I will wait to see on that, but I'm not backing down from that argument. I think it's very legitimate. And if they want to move into the United States of America and compete with us here under our laws, as I've said, too many of people, I'll pull my chair back and walk out, because my argument is over. But that's not the case.
Patrick Moley: Okay, that's great color. Thanks for that. And then just a follow-up on pricing, specifically in rates. There's been a lot of speculation recently about what you could potentially do in response to FMX launching. People talked about you possibly cutting rates. But given that what you've spoken about on this call and the value that you feel that you've provided your customers, you're coming off -- you're on track for your third consecutive year of record interest rate ADV. I guess the question is, is it misguided for us to assume that rate or possible price increases in the rates complex is off the table at this point? Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: I think it's misguided for anyone to assume they know what we're thinking about how we're going to run the business going forward on pricing. As I said, we adjust our tiers all the time. We do a whole host of different things throughout the years. It doesn't have to do anything with competition. It's got all to do with the marketplace. So Patrick, as I said earlier, I clearly stated that we did not put any new incentive plans in place and we've had incremental growth that's a record in this quarter for both SOFR and treasury. So I think that speaks volumes to where we're at today.
Patrick Moley: Okay. Thanks for that, Terry.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS. You may go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Hey, good morning, everyone. Maybe in the context of new customer acquisition and what you focus on a lot, can we, can we maybe go into the energy business in more detail here? I mean, there are clearly a lot of, macro changes, structural changes that quite frankly, from my perspective, seem to be the most interesting asset class in the next couple of years, given energy transition, everything that's going on. So you have a very US focused business, but obviously, some of these changes are global. So just wondering what you're doing to maybe capture some of that structural excitement and what you're seeing in terms of new customer generation maybe around the world and what your customers are doing different already and how you're positioned? Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Alex. Thanks for the question. I'm going to turn to Derek, but I think you raised a really good point about what this asset class can mean over the next couple of years as we either transition out of it or continue to build on top of it. So I think there's a lot of verdicts yet to be read yet. So it's interesting with this asset class. So I think you're right to point it out, Derek.
Derek Sammann: Yes, thanks, Alex. I think you're seeing a lot of things that we're seeing right now. And number one, we are putting up a year-to-date record revenues in our energy business. We put together another extremely strong quarter with our volumes up about 21% and actually our options business up 45%. That's a new record for us for the quarter across the energy complex as a whole. You asked a great question. We spent a lot of time digging into where the business growth is coming from. And I'll provide some color as I have on previous calls. When you look at the growth of the business, we look at the record year-to-date results of this business, that business is coming -- we're seeing outsized growth coming from outside the US that's what we're so excited about. We've talked about the new client acquisition story that Julie talked about, boots on the ground, engaging new customers that for the first time with physical flows of WTI and Henry Hub hitting the shores of Europe and Asia, that's bringing new commercial and buy-side customers into our market. When we look at the numbers that underlie that, you look at our buy side business is up 26% this year. Our commercial customer business up 16% this year, our bank business, up 13% this year. When you look at where the growth is coming from a geographical point of view, our European business this year is up 37%, our LATAM business is up 30%. So when we're looking at growth, it shouldn't surprise that when you see physical flows of US benchmarks priced on NYMEX and this is true on the ags and metal side as well. Those physical flows hitting the shores of Europe and Asia, that's driving new customer acquisition for us. They're not necessarily new customers to the energy complex, but there are customers that recently had only traded European or Asian products, they are now adding our global benchmarks that is the import risk they're facing right now. So when you look at the results of the business, we're seeing that the physical flows are driving global participation. So the other couple of pieces I'd point to is that we're seeing growth across not just WTI. We're seeing significant and even faster growth on the natural gas side of the business. When you look at the business this year, we're at a record level of -- almost 780,000 contracts in our nat gas business. That's up 33% this year. This is a market where the US is now producing and exporting record amounts of natural gas priced on Henry Hub, which is the market we own roughly 80% of in a market share perspective, that business is flowing back into CME from European customers adding Henry Hub pricing exposure to their overall portfolios. That's been a big driver of the record activity in our nat gas options growth as well as these markets are extremely difficult to hedge on a flat price basis. So we're seeing increased activity on the option side. So hopefully, that gives you some color from the client perspective, from the regional perspective and from the underlying product perspective. Lynne?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. And just to add a little bit to what Derek was saying, we have seen with these new supply lines being drawn, the strong growth in both Europe and Asia in our crude business and Henry Hub. I think what we're also seeing as a longer term trend, one of the limiters on the Henry Hub side is the ability to liquefy the natural gas to then export it internationally. We do expect and we do see the build out in multiple liquefaction facilities that are ongoing. These are multi-year projects, but there are a number that are meant to come online in the next couple of years. So increasing that capacity and that ability to export could also be a tailwind for our business as more international customers would then look to hedge back to that export point.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Lynne. Thanks, Derek. Alex, did that get to your question?
Alex Kramm: I think it did. Great color. And I'll squeeze in one quick one here on the tax rate. But clearly, you're suggesting the international growth is really helping that one. I mean that's been really a multi-year trend. So if we continue this for 2025, do you think this 20% -- around 23% is a better tax rate to use? Is that in your plans?
Terrence Duffy: I'm assuming you're referring to energy, Alex again on this --
Alex Kramm: Sorry, tax rate, the tax.
Terrence Duffy: I'm sorry.
Alex Kramm: Yes.
Terrence Duffy: How about you said -- sorry, we have a bad connection here. It's hard to hear.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes, so Alex, we did lower it based on the outsized growth that we are seeing internationally. Certainly, we will provide tax guidance as part of our outlook and guidance for the coming years. We have seen that outsized growth for several years, as you noted. Obviously, there are a number of factors that will be in play, including things like changes in administration, potentially what's going to be the political dynamic and impact on taxes. So it's a little premature for us to take a position on that go forward tax rate at this point, but we'll certainly follow up on that.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Alex. Sorry for the -- you hear you properly on the tax issue.
Alex Kramm: All good.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, bud.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kyle Voigt with KBW. You may go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just going back to a broader discussion on pricing. Over the past few years, you've announced pricing changes in the fourth quarter that go effective in 1Q for changes that went effective in 2024. I think you guided to 1.5% to 2%, assuming constant volumes of pricing change. And in 2023, I think that was 4% to 5%. Can you just give us an update on how you're thinking about futures pricing over the medium term? And I guess, is there any reason to think that 2024's pricing change levels are not a good baseline assumption for 2025?
Terrence Duffy: Well, Kyle, I think pricing, we evaluate that throughout the entire year for the next year and there's a lot that goes into it other than just see if we can increase it by 1% or 2%. One of the things I've always said, and I'm sure you've heard me say this is there's got to be a good value add associated to our clients when we change pricing. We invested heavily with our Google transition. We're excited by the future of that, what it means for clients. So that could have an impact on pricing one way or another, maybe to their benefit, obviously. But again, I think when you look at just blanket pricing increases, that's not something that we do. And I know some suggest that was becoming a pattern, but it's because of what we were able to deliver to the marketplace over that time period, we were able to do price increases. But again, we evaluate that pricing throughout the entire year before we make any decisions and bring it to my board. Lynne, do you want to come any further?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. The only thing I would add, Kyle, is that the 1.5% to 2%, you quoted that was on the clearing and transaction fee. Just keep in mind that we do look at different levers as we're thinking about pricing changes. Those could include changes to the fee schedule. It could include things like incentive programs or other agreements there. There is the data component and also things on collateral, so non-cash and cash collateral fees. So we did guide to 1.5% to 2% this year on the clearing and transaction fee. We said 2.5% to 3% on total revenue given some of the changes we made on those other fee lines, and we've been tracking towards that throughout the course of this year.
Kyle Voigt: Great. Thank you. And then maybe a follow up for Lynne on the expense trajectory. I think in 2023, you had $56 million of cloud migration expenses that was expected to grow by $15 million this year. I guess, can you confirm whether that level of migration spend is still on track? And then can you remind us how we should think about the cloud migration expenses into 2025 and 2026? Will there be incremental spend needed in each of those years and maybe address the interplay of that and the trajectory of D&A over that timeframe too?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes, sure. So if you look at the migration spend for this year, the total spend is on target for our guidance of $90 million. Now the difference between that and the $15 million increase, you do have some roll off on existing kind of business as usual expenses as we've been migrating to the cloud. So you see about $25 million in costs that are rolling off, which would get you to that differential or that increase of $15 million year-over-year. So we are on track with our guidance on that expenditure. I think what we've also said is that we would expect incremental costs related to our migration for the first four years. We are in year three. So we do expect to still see incremental costs next year related to that migration. I would note that the Google related expenses were included in our overall expense guidance. So that 3.9% implied by our expense guidance did include that Google spend. So that has been trending down as we are starting to see some of the benefits of rolling off that kind of on premises operating expense.
Kyle Voigt: Great. Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Kyle.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just one quick one on -- back to the competitor on SOFR. And Terry, thanks very much for the commentary there, very good and very, very detailed. On the pricing of the SOFR contracts and tiering, is that something you could use in the future? I mean comparative of obviously with the tick size and the wideness of the bid-ask spread dwarfing that, it would seem like you wouldn't need to do that. But is that something that you could do in the future in terms of pricing to certain members or using any incentives on that should the market share increase from the competitor?
Terrence Duffy: Yes, Brian, appreciate the question. And as you can imagine, I'm not going to comment on that, because there's so many different levers that we have here to bring value to our clients as I continue to say. And I'm not going to predetermine what I should or should not do on this call right now. We have to -- we do a lot of theoretical game planning here at my team and we look at certain things on pricing. We look at certain things on value add. But as I said, we did not increase -- put any incentives in for the last and we had a record quarter. So we're pretty pleased with the way the market has anticipated our offering to date. So it'd be foolish of me to try to suggest that we would do anything different at this moment.
Brian Bedell: Yes, totally clear. And then maybe just Lynne, could you review the collateral balances and the rates paid for the quarter and then I guess, exiting September given we have the rate cut in the month?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Sure. So in Q3, our average cash balances were $72 billion, which was similar to the $73 billion we saw in the prior quarter. Our rates we earned on that remained consistent at 36 basis points. On the non-cash collateral side, we saw a slight increase to $165 billion for the quarter versus $161 billion last quarter, and we continue to earn 10 basis points on that non-cash collateral. So far in October, we've seen slight increases in both of those elements. The US cash balances are averaging $73 billion in months to date and the non-cash collateral is averaging $173 billion.
Brian Bedell: Okay. And is the spread the same given the rate cuts or is that different coming into 3Q?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Continue on the cash collateral, you have the 25 basis points return to clients. The difference between the 36 that we've been earning in the 2025 is our ability to optimize our returns using some other vehicles. And so that did not change during the quarter. If rates continue to decrease and ability to get those outsized returns might be pressured, but the overall rate that we're paying has not changed and it's been at that same 25 basis points for quite a few rate hikes. Yes, it's been since the IRB rate was at 1.65%.
Brian Bedell: Got it. Okay. I'm sorry, so the spread is still 36 basis points. Is that right?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: That is still 25%.
Terrence Duffy: 25%.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: We're earning more because we're able to optimize those returns.
Brian Bedell: Yes, I see what you're saying. Okay. Got it. Yes. Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Brian. Anything else? Good?
Brian Bedell: No, yes, totally good. Thank you so much for all the answers.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Brian. Appreciate it.
Brian Bedell: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. You may go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Most of my questions were asked, but I wanted to try to ask them in a different way. So apologize if any repetition. But first one, we have a follow up on Robinhood's future and index options launched this quarter. I was curious, which products do you expect to see the largest uptick in demand? We're thinking SPY, WTI. And also how do you think SPY will compete against its core competition, including SPX given its tax efficiency and we are curious what insight [indiscernible] launch was able to inform you on this, just given Robinhood's differentiated clientele.
Terrence Duffy: All right. Thanks, Craig. Appreciate the question. On the Robinhood and the product, I'll let Julie take that, on this SPX versus the [indiscernible], I'm going to let Tim talk about that in a moment. So, Julie, why don't you start?
Julie Winkler: Yes. Thanks for the question, Craig. What we have typically seen in new retail clients coming to trade CME products is the first entry point is within our micro equity suite. These active traders are often using this to hedge existing stock portfolios. They have typical experienced trading cash and cash equity options. And so this is a natural overlay to move into the derivative space in equities first. What we have seen is, as you mentioned, the diversification that we then are quickly able to follow up on is an important part of our product suite for retail, where we are able to then work with our distribution partners to offer them things like WTI and energy as well as our metals complex has continued to see a lot of growth too with our micro gold. So I'll turn things over to Tim, to talk through a little bit of the competition side of things.
Tim McCourt: Great. Thanks, Craig, and appreciate the question. When looking at the S&P 500 ecosystem, it's important to note that these are highly interrelated. But just to clarify that when we look at the futures and options on futures products at CME Group, they are also efficient from a tax perspective. They are also a Section 1256 contract that enjoys the blended 60-40 capital gains tax. That is an index based determination. That is something that we enjoy, other index products are also able to provide that ETFs are not. And when we look at the way that our contracts will be not only distributed through Robinhood, but all of our partners, it continues to be an important tool for traders to manage their risk to access that market. And when we look at how we're doing against ETFs, I'm excited by the fact that more retail distribution partners are coming online because even if we look at Q3, we've had very strong performance in terms of our futures versus ETFs as a product choice. And when we're looking at that, we're at the highest multiple in my 11 years here at CME tracking it with our S&P 500 futures at CME Group are out trading the associated S&P ETS by a factor of 15 to 1 for the -- for the third quarter. So optimistic about what even more distribution platforms offering our products alongside the cash markets and ETFs. We think it will be a great opportunity for the market to take not advantage -- not only advantage of the tax efficiencies, but all the capital efficiencies we offer here at CME Group.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: [indiscernible]
Craig Siegenthaler: No, that was great, very comprehensive. Thank you. Just for my follow up, we have a question on event contracts. So a large online broker launched a political election and weather contract platform recently. It's been getting a lot of media attention, as I'm sure you're aware, given the upcoming US election. And this is an example of a broker offering contract, so some vertical integration. I'm wondering if there's an opportunity for CME to play a bigger role in this business. And if you think there is a large TAM for event and political election contracts in the United States.
Terrence Duffy: So Craig, thanks for the question. And I will start and then let Tim go ahead and make a comment or two as well as it relates to that. So that we've been asked if I don't know if your question is being asked in a different way, are we going to list political event contracts? And the answer is at this moment in time, no, but we never forgo any opportunity that we might see in the future. But at this given moment in time, we do not see that as an avenue that CME wants to partake in. I don't see that too dissimilar load to Bitcoin. We did not participate in that for many, many years until we thought it was mature enough for us to list it and make sure that the product was not readily manipulable under the core principles of the CFTC. I'm not suggesting that the product that's being listed today is, but we need to know more about it and watch some cycles before we decide to jump into something like that. So I don't know if your question was, are we going to get into that or not? So I want to make sure that was perfectly clear that at this moment in time, no, but we never forgo potential opportunities if we think that they're right, but timing is always everything for me and my team. So we'll see how that works out. On the other part, I'll let Tim address.
Tim McCourt: Sure. Thanks, Terry. I think the one thing I would say with respect to our offering of event contracts here at CME Group is it's important for us to offer those products to the market in a way that leverage the other futures contracts that we have at CME. So our approach to event contracts are there -- have an underlying associated future that also trades at CME Group, which is a key part to our product offering. We've also look at longer dated year end event contracts on the equity indices. We'll continue to work with market participants to figure out if there are additional types of products that they want in the marketplace. Like I said earlier, that holds true for all of our asset classes, but for event contracts, it's key to us right now to focus on transposing the liquidity we have in their sort of older sibling contracts in a new form, offering more ways to trade those same markets. We'll continue to engage with the market to see what else we should be talking about.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Tim. Thanks. Craig, did that address your questions?
Craig Siegenthaler: No, that was great. Thank you, guys.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Craig. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. You may go ahead.
Owen Lau: Good morning, and thank you for taking my question. So I have a quick question on your expense guidance. If I look at the first three quarters of last year, your comp ratio was about 14% on average. This year for the first three quarters your comp ratio is only about 13.1% based on my math. But your revenue this year is much stronger than last year. So is there any change on your full year comp expense this year versus last year? And should we expect a big true up of your incentive comp in the fourth quarter? Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Owen. Lynne.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes, so Owen, we do have true ups for our incentive comp throughout the year as we look at incentive based or performance based compensation, that will flow through in the various quarters. So I would say what you're seeing is some of the operating leverage in our business. So to drive that revenue, it's not a direct relation to us adding additional headcount. So I think you're just seeing the benefits of that model rolling through this year.
Owen Lau: So we should expect like a bigger true up in the fourth quarter. Is that what we should think about from a model perspective?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: No. So the true up happens over the course of the year. So if there is any outperformance or underperformance, you will see that in each of the respective quarters. So it's not a large true up on incentive comp in the fourth quarter. And our expectations on compensation are built into our expense guidance for the year.
Owen Lau: Okay. [Multiple Speakers]
Terrence Duffy: Yes. We're growing revenue with the same amount of people that we have in place with the same cost expense that we have because of the model -- the operating leverage model that we have. [indiscernible]
Owen Lau: All right, got it. That's it from me. Thanks a lot.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Owen.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Mike Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. You may go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe one for you, Terry, just coming back to your earlier comments on treasury futures clearing abroad. Just curious in your conversations with regulators, what level of receptivity are you hearing to your arguments that treasury features should not be cleared abroad? And what actions might we see, if any taken? And then if a competitor were to set up a US clearinghouse to clear treasury futures here in the US, what would be the scope for them to sort of access netting benefits from a related clearinghouse in London?
Terrence Duffy: That's a great question, Mike. I mean, one of the things that I am going and talking to about treasury futures clearing is and I'm getting some traction on is I don't think people realize the size of the derivatives market that it is today, which is 13% larger than the cash market on an annual basis of notional trade. So you have a new law on cash treasury clearing with the exclusivity of that particular law on cash treasuries being cleared under the guidance of -- and regulation of the SEC, not any joint guidance. I think people start to realize that there are these products, treasury futures, treasury cash, potentially ETFs are a huge part of the ecosystem that make that market work. So I think people are realizing that now. Again, I don't think people realize the size of the derivatives market and the importance there of it, I think everybody understands. So I think people are starting to take notice of it. I cannot predict what the outcome is going to be one way or another, but I will tell you that there's been inquiries coming from the Hill to the regulators. I know there's been responses from the regulator back to the Hill that they're taking this very seriously and they are trying to analyze what it means for a cross border clearinghouse to be clearing foreign sovereign debt in futures. And how does that work as it relates to potentially the MOUs that are under -- they have today, which have been amended, which nobody is talking about either. As you may or may not know, the Bank of England changed their bankruptcy laws and they no longer have -- US participants no longer have protection under the bankruptcy laws of the UK. The UK is now -- the Bank of England is the default for all bankruptcies as it related to systemically important institutions. And that is different from what was in the original MOU with the CFTC when they became a registered in both US and the UK. So I think there's a lot of changes. So people are understanding that. We're explaining that to them the importance of it. And what does it mean if they were to come open up a clearing house in the US as the second part of your question, I believe and they did have that. One LCH under LSE had a US clearing entity, which is now Dormy. I don't believe it's up and running at all for any products. And if in fact, they decided to reconstitute that clearing house here in the US, the offsets would not be what they suspect they would be in London. So they would lose the offsets against the portfolio. So I guess I would have to ask what's the benefit of them doing it and the cost associated for the London Clearing house to reconstitute that clearing house in the United States to do so. So I'll turn it to my colleague, Suzanne Sprague, to clean up anything that I said improperly.
Suzanne Sprague: Yes, just to the second part of your question on the ability to achieve the offset between clearing houses in different geographies. No, it's hard to speculate on how the regulators would look at that today, but our own experience in the past has shown that it is very expensive to do so. So the regulators had basically required the clearing houses to hold capital in the amount equal to the margin savings you give your participants. So the clearing houses basically still have to be fully capitalized in each jurisdiction to recognize the benefit of the margin offsets that you give to customers. And the reason for that really has been back to Terry's point on the resolution regime, given that the domestic regulator would be the one overseeing the resolution of each clearing house, the domestic regulators have wanted to be fully capitalized even in spite of any margin efficiencies that you're able to give between clearing houses. So we hadn't been able to get over that hurdle in the past. I would anticipate that would hold true in the future as well.
Michael Cyprys: Super. Thank you for the comprehensive answer there. Just a follow up, if I could, on interest rate swap clearing, I thought I heard reference to a $40 billion margin of swap collateral. Just curious how much of that was on the US interest rate side and maybe you could just elaborate a bit on what sort of growth you're seeing across your interest-rate swap clearing business? How much that's contributing overall today? It seems like this could be a growth opportunity for you given the larger clearing house overseas. What steps might be able to take to convince customers to move their swap clearing business over to you? How might you increase that appeal and reduce some frictions and make it more seamless for customers to move more activity over?
Terrence Duffy: Lynne and Mike, you guys want to address that?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes, Stuart. Thanks for the question. So in terms of the amount of US dollar swap margin as a percentage of that total, it is the majority that tends to fluctuate, I think, between about 75% and 80% in terms of the amount of total margin requirement that we have coming from the swap activity. I will reemphasize again just the point of the efficiencies that are gained in the portfolio margin program. I think that is a primary driver to the level of activity that we see in our swaps offering. Capital efficiencies in that space have been a large focal point really since the onset of the clearing mandate for swaps clearing, especially because the regulations require a five day margin period of risk for those products. So there is even more focus on being able to offer efficiencies within the swaps complex and across other asset classes or other complexes within the interest rate asset class like features and options. So I'll pass it over to Mike for anything else you wanted to add there on the competitive landscape.
Mike Dennis: Yes, Mike, thanks for the question. Good morning. Yes, for me, being here a short period of time, my first order of business was to meet with all the dealers and kind of talk exactly about what you're highlighting is our margin efficiencies between SOFR futures, treasury futures and our swap portfolio. Obviously, a general theme on the street right now is Basel III Endgame, challenges with capital, tightness of liquidity and how this is all going to impact the balance sheet. So we're definitely in front of clients. We're definitely explaining this value proposition. We've seen a little bit of renewed interest in sending portfolios to us to do some what if scenarios and some portfolio calculations. So we do think, to your point, that it is a good area of growth for us.
Mike Dennis: Great. Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bill Katz with TD Cowen. You may go ahead.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you very much for taking the question this morning. Just maybe on expenses. Just you reiterated your guide of $1.585 billion for the year, which would assume some seasonal, well, pickup into the fourth quarter. So how much of that is seasonal versus more structural? And then as you think about the business conceptually, you're operating at a very high level of profitability, 69% margin. How do we think about that going forward? Is there a natural governor to the margin or would you let that drop to the bottom line? Thank you.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes, Bill, this is Lynne. So on your first question, one thing to keep in mind is we typically have some of our larger marketing events in the fourth quarter. So it is not unusual for us to see an increase in that quarter related to that spend. So you will see if you look back at 2023, the Q3 to Q4 expense growth was $40 million. That is the same growth that would be implied by our guidance of this Q3 to Q4. So the majority of that is going to be that outsized marketing spend. Some of it also will go to things like the joint support for some of the new retail FCMs that have come online. So kind of capitalizing on some of that opportunity for revenue growth. And then you will continue to see some of that ramp up in our cloud migration expense that growth in the technology line. As we've moved more applications to the cloud, you will see that grow and we've seen some of the offsetting declines in depreciation rolling through. But all of that was anticipated in our guidance that as we continue on that migration path, you would see that amount move up. In terms of margin, we don't target an operating margin kind of similar to the question on RPC before. We're focused on how we drive that earnings growth. If there are opportunities for us to invest in new opportunities or new growth initiatives, we certainly are going to do that. Not focusing instead on what our target operating margin would be. We're focusing on driving growth. So obviously, we have enjoyed very nice margins and it relates to the ability of us to return a lot of cash to our shareholders. But that is -- that's part of the beauty of our model and the cash generated -- generative nature of the business, but it's not something where we have a specific target in mind for a margin level.
Bill Katz: Okay. Thank you. And just as a quick follow up, just going back to the rise of the retail opportunity broadly, given that sort of an ongoing opportunity, how do you think about the -- for those clients that may be on the platform already, let's say, a year or so or just whatever the appropriate seasoning point would be, what kind of uplift do you tend to see in terms of that volume growth? And is there any way to sort of think about what that is as a percentage of your total ADV? Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Bill. I'll let Julie touch a little bit on the retail growth and I think you did a lot of it already, but maybe you can just add a little bit more thought.
Julie Winkler: Yes. I mean, as Terry mentioned earlier, difficult to kind of predict revenue. And again, you've got to remember across our distribution partners, they also have slightly different businesses, right? So we have some of our distribution partners that are futures only firms. We have others that have a broad product portfolio and are initially coming to us as existing CFD providers, for example, some of these distribution partners that we're working with in Europe as well as just the account size that each of these different players are targeting as well. And so it's difficult to kind of give a more sweeping or generalized view into what that ADV growth can be, which is really why we're highly focused on bringing net new traders into the marketplace as well as our education and our content opportunities across that. So we work with each of these distribution partners. We have well over 100 of them around the globe and really try to fine tune with each of them, what content is most appealing to them and also what else we can be doing in terms of hosting joint events with them, both online and in person. This still continues to be a great way of how we see acceleration of their revenue growth is to help educate them and bring in other people that are third party influencers that also just talk about what some of their trading strategies are in this space. So it is really I'd say, a multifaceted approach in order to bring volume. And clearly, right when I spoke earlier about their initial interest in equity, they're going to trade what also is moving, right? And so we often are making sure that we are working with our partners to provide product information to those contracts that are at that point in time seen higher volatility and that's where again our diverse product portfolio really plays into that where if equity vol is down, we can very much switch to talking to them about WTI and Micro Gold, which is really what we saw with micro volume up right 35% year-on-year already. So this is part of really our strong offering and continuing to look at some other new product opportunities in the retail space with our partners for next year too. So we're excited about that.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Julie. Thanks, Bill. And just to add to what Julie said, the beauty of this quarter, again, as in the last one, all six of our asset classes were up. It wasn't just one that was moving. All six were up at the same time, which is really amazing for us. So thanks for your question, Bill.
Bill Katz: Thank you all.
Operator: Thank you. And that was our last question. I'll now turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Terrence Duffy: We thank you all for joining us this morning. Appreciate it very much. Look forward to communicating with you throughout the quarter and talking to you again next quarter. So thank you. All be safe.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-24 20:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the CME Group Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time I would like to inform all participants that your lines have been placed on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Adam Minick. Please go ahead.
Adam Minick : Good morning. I hope you're all doing well today. We released our executive commentary earlier this morning, which provides extensive details on the second quarter 2024, which we will be discussing on this call. I'll start with the Safe Harbor language and then I'll turn it over to Terry. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statement. Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Lastly, on the final page of the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I'll turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence Duffy : Thank you, Adam, and thank you all for joining us this morning. I'm going to make a few brief comments about the quarter and the overall environment. Following that, Lynne will provide an overview of our second quarter financial results. In addition to Lynne, we have other members of our management team present to answer questions after the prepared remarks. Our strong second quarter results again reinforced how the need for risk management continues to grow. And CME Group is where market participants turn to manage their risk across the most diverse set of benchmark products. We delivered record quarterly revenue, driven by year-over-year growth in both average daily volume and open interest across every single asset class. This is the first quarter with this broad base growth since 2010. Second quarter average daily volume of 25.9 million contracts increased 14% and represented the highest Q2 ADV in our history, including a quarterly record for non-US average daily volume of 7.8 million contracts or up 23% year-over-year. This robust activity drove record adjusted quarterly earnings which Lynne will detail shortly. We delivered 16% year-over-year ADV growth across all our physical commodity products to 5.2 million contracts, which included double-digit year-over-year growth for both energy and metals products at 16% and 42% growth respectively. Importantly, our overall Commodities portfolio has generated record revenue year-to-date in 2024, up 16% versus the first half last year to over $836 million, representing 34% of our clearing and transaction fees revenue in the first half of the year. Turning to our financials, total ADV across the complex increased 13% from Q2 last year, including record Treasury ADV of 8.2 million contracts or up 36%. Our US Treasuries set a new daily volume record of 34.4 million contracts during the quarter on May 28th. The continuing high levels of issuance and deficit financing are tailwinds even in the absence of Fed rate changes. Also, Foreign Exchange second quarter ADV grew 20% versus Q2 last year. In addition to our impressive quarterly volume results, we continue to provide unmatched, and Id say it again, unmatched capital efficiencies for our customers. Within interest rates alone, these efficiencies result in margin savings of nearly $20 billion per day for our clients through the unique combination of offsets within our rates futures and options franchise. Our one pot margining with CME cleared swaps and cross margin offsets versus cash treasuries, offers clients the efficiencies which no one else has the regulatory approval to provide. Coupled with the 13 million interest rate futures and options traded at our exchanges on a daily basis, the liquidity depth of book and capital savings in our interest rates complex is unparalleled. While we are pleased with our record results and our ability to consistently deliver quarterly earnings growth, we continue to innovate with an eye towards the long-term needs of our customers. Near the end of the quarter, we were particularly excited to announce a significant step forward in our partnership with Google Cloud. I have Ken Vroman in the room with me who will provide more detail during the Q&A period on the integration. We plan to build a new private Google Cloud region, and a co-location facility in Aurora, Illinois, designed to support global trading of our futures and options markets in the cloud with next-generation cloud technology, ultra-low latency networking and high-performance computing. This next generation platform will build on the benefits we provide our clients today through a broader range of connectivity options and faster product development. In addition to our state of the art trading infrastructure, our clients will also be able to utilize Googles artificial intelligence and data capabilities to help develop, test and implement trading strategies to manage their risk more efficiently. Finally, as we begin the second half of the year, looking at the uncertainty around the US political landscape with the disparity of opinions and policies, the need to mitigate and manage risk has never been more paramount. On top of that, the ongoing uncertainty in the Middle East, coupled with the unrest between Russia and Ukraine are continuing issues with no end in sight, that markets need to manage. These are just a few of the geopolitical events that highlight the need for our risk management products. We look forward to working with our clients to make sure they have the most liquid and efficient markets to manage these issues, and all the others we encounter in this world. Ill now turn the call over to Lynne to review our Q2 financial results.
Lynne Fitzpatrick : Thanks Terry and thank you all for joining us this morning. CME Group delivered the strongest earnings in our history this quarter. Starting with the highest ever quarterly revenue at over $1.5 billion, up 13% from the second quarter in 2023. Quarterly revenue for our physical commodities asset classes grew 17% year-over-year and represented over one-third of clearing and transaction fees in the quarter at $444 million. Market data revenue of $175 million increased 7% from the same quarter last year and other revenue increased over 35% to $107 million. Continued strong cost discipline led to adjusted expenses of $474 million for the quarter and $388 million excluding license fees. Our adjusted operating margin was 69.1%, up from 66.8% in the same period last year. CME Group had an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.1%. Driven by the robust demand for our risk management products, we delivered the highest quarterly adjusted net income and earnings per share in our history at $932 million and $2.56 per share both up 11% from the second quarter last year. This represents an adjusted net income margin for the quarter of 61%. Capital expenditures for the second quarter were approximately $17 million and cash at the end of the period was approximately $2 billion. CME Group paid dividends during the quarter of $419 million, and we have returned over $25 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends since implementing the variable dividend policy in early 2012. A consistent, higher level of demand for our products continued in the second quarter, evidenced by 52% of our trading days being above 25 million contracts in the first half of this year, compared to 34% in the first half of 2023. In addition, four of the first six months this year set all time volume records including all three months this quarter. We are very proud of the team for their efforts to efficiently run the business, driving earnings growth for our shareholders, while also focusing on the future and providing our clients with the risk management products and capital efficiencies they need as our industry continues to evolve. Wed now like to open the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Patrick Moley with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Patrick Moley: Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So I think it was the first time today that you disclosed that aggregate amount of daily margin savings of $20 billion. Can you maybe just elaborate or provide a breakout of how that splits between the buckets or the margin buckets, cross-margining, portfolio margining? And then could you also maybe just help investors understand how that compares to what the competitor is offering and what type of moat that provides you when we think about your customers potentially looking elsewhere. Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Patrick. Thank you for your question. Sunil Cutinho is going to answer the first part, as Suzanne Sprague is out sick today. So Suzanne -- or Sunil as you know, headed up our Clearinghouse for many, many years, who is very informed on that question. I will answer the latter part of that question as it relates to the competitor and what they offer, because it will be a short one. But go ahead, Sunil.
Sunil Cutinho: You know, the same clients trade both futures, options, swaps, and cash products. So the rough split is around $12 billion for futures and options, $7 billion for swaps with futures and options, and then $1 billion including the cash.
Terrence Duffy: Patrick, if you're referring to a competitor such as people who have announced they're going to compete with us, their efficiencies are exactly zero. They don't have any futures business so they can't have any efficiencies to-date. So I don't know what you want me to do, speculate on what you think they are going to get or not get, but the answer to your question, they have zero efficiencies. Sunil?
Sunil Cutinho: The only other, an additional thing I would add is our competition cannot provide any efficiencies relative to options either.
Terrence Duffy: Correct.
Sunil Cutinho: It's very unique to see [anything] (ph).
Patrick Moley: Okay great and maybe just one on the pricing increases you announced at the beginning of the year. I think you said you expected market data revenues to increase by 3% to 5% and then 1.5% to 2% bump in futures revenues. Could you maybe just update us on how you're feeling about, how you're tracking towards that? And, with half the year behind us, you have a sense of where you could maybe come in directionally within those ranges. Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Patrick. Lynne?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah, so thanks, Patrick. So far in the first half, we are very consistent with the guidance. So we said 1.5% to 2% on the clearing and transaction fees, 3% to 5% on the various data products, and then getting to a total revenue impact of somewhere between 2.5% to 3%. And I would say that we're tracking very well on each of those line items through the first half.
Patrick Moley: Okay, great. Thanks for that. I'll hop back in the queue.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Budish with Barclays. Your line is open.
Benjamin Budish: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking the question. Maybe just following up on Patrick's first question, can you give us an update on where you are with the DTCC cross-margining program? How are efficiencies looking there versus what you've kind of been signaling and where are you in the process of getting to where you think you'll be getting to.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Ben. Again, I'm going to turn it to Sunil with that answer. Sunil?
Sunil Cutinho: We have 10 clearing participants taking advantage of it. We have a few more in the pipeline that will be onboarded shortly. And as I mentioned before, we have grown to about $1 billion in savings and we'll continue to grow that. We are also working on trying to provide efficiencies all the way to indirect participants, but that would require an approval with the RESI.
Terrence Duffy: So the savings then has gone up exponentially since we last reported out last quarter. So that number hitting a high watermark of near $1 billion is a record for us.
Benjamin Budish: Okay, that's very helpful. And maybe just a follow-up on the energy side. You published a white paper recently talking about the increasing use of WTI and setting the price of Brent and how you were seeing, I think an increasing amount of WTI trading happening during European hours. Could you just unpack that a little bit? Are you seeing new customers joining the platform? Is it taking share from existing customers that may have been previously trading on other exchanges? Any other color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Ben. Derek.
Derek Sammann : Yeah, thanks, Ben. As you heard Terry mention at the top of the call, we set a record revenue this year for the first half in the commodity side. Energy is a big part of that. Our overall energy volumes are up 16% this year to 2.4 million contracts. We've also seen our [open interest] (ph) grow 20% as well. When you look at our WTI business, as we've said with record amounts of US Crude oil out in the market, both in production side and export side, that's creating net new exposures for non-US customers on the WTI side. When you look at where those growth is coming from in our WTI complex, we actually see that our energy volume across EMEA is up 53%. So European volumes from European customers up 53% this year. Just on the WTI future side, that's up 42% from European customer base. So as we expected, as physical US oil hits the global market, we are expecting to see customers that were not directly exposed to US crude oil imports in Europe, now using WTI products to manage that risk. We're seeing that most acutely on the option side as well where WTI options is up 23% this year. As it relates to kind of the share and where that's coming from, we are seeing net new customer growth on the WTI side in Europe, but we're also seeing shares between our WTI and the competitors WTI basically flat, going back seven months now to December of last year. And actually in options, we are seeing our share increase to 89% and 86%. So we are growing in absolute terms, we're growing in relative terms, and we continue to see that growing.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Derek. Thanks, Ben.
Benjamin Budish: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Simon Clinch with Redburn Atlantic. Your line is open.
Simon Clinch: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could circle back to the process of competition here. And I was wondering if you could expand on the levers you would consider pulling. And what kind of signals you would be looking to as you respond to competitive FX going forward? Just maybe you can reference how that's been done historically because this has always been a competitive environment. Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Simon, is your question is what we are going to do if they actually launch and what are we going to do if they actually get business? I'm confused what you're asking.
Simon Clinch: No, it is more a case of what would you be looking for? And in terms of what they might do and how you might think about responding to those signals. Not that a will necessarily happen, but --.
Terrence Duffy: I made it perfectly clear on the last call that we have done a number of things over the last eight years to 10 years to put ourselves in the strongest position possible. I could not cite the numbers of $20 billion if we didn't make the investments we have made over a long period of time to create the efficiencies for our client base. And that is something that is unparalleled as I've said, in the industry. We are in a very strong position today. So to walk away from a potential $20 billion of margin savings on a daily basis to go to an unproven model seems to be a bit of a fiduciary stretch for people to direct business in that venue. So were in a strong position today to compete with anybody, including the announced competitors. And so this is something that we've always been prepared for. We always are preferred -- prepared for. And I do believe competition always makes everybody better. So I take everything seriously. And that's the reason why we've made the investments we have for our clients along the way. That's what we've done and that is what we'll continue to do. First part of this question -- those are an additional steps. I have to wait and see what they are going to offer here. Let me be clear. There is no approval for anybody to list in the United States, foreign sovereign debt and clear that US foreign sovereign debt in another legal jurisdiction outside of the United States. There is $27 trillion of outstanding debt in treasuries that the US Treasury in the United States government depends on to run this country, under the rules of the United States, not under the rules of the United Kingdom or the Bank of England. So we will wait and see how that proceeds if that offering goes anywhere. I think there is a lot of concern about giving up jurisdiction to a nation the size of Great Britain with some of the track records they've had with LME and some of the other issues they've gone forward with. So we will have to wait and see Simon. So I don't want to put the cart in front of the horse, but I think there is a long way to go before that's even been decided what you can and cannot do. That's why the efficiencies are zero, and they'll stay zero.
Simon Clinch: I appreciate that. Thanks very much Terry. Just as a follow-up question. Just going back to the pricing dynamics in futures and options. Could you just expand on what's really going on from a mix perspective from -- in RPC, particularly in rates? I just noticed that we are back to sort of year-on-year declines and despite what should ultimately be a positive mix shift towards the long-term rates within that franchise. And I'm just trying to piece that together. Thanks.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: I'll take the price increase. So Simon, you are looking at the year-over-year rate RPC in total. That's your question.
Simon Clinch: Yes and the [inside the] (ph) and impact from rates as well with.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. So if you look at rates on a year-over-year basis, they were up 14% volume-wise. So you are going to see some pressure -- downward pressure from the increased volume tiering. You also have a higher contribution of treasuries, which is a positive but you do have higher members this quarter, and you do have a decrease in some of the block volume that we saw last year. So there is a number of factors at play there. I would say the most impactful is probably that a 14% uplift in volume, which is going to have that downward pressure on the RPC, but still a strong revenue growth number for the rates complex, given that volume growth.
Simon Clinch: Okay, that's very useful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dan Fannon: Thanks, good morning. Was hoping Lynne, just to talk about expenses for a bit. First half run rate is tracking well below the guidance, typical seasonality of that building in the second half. So hoping you could flush out a bit of what you are spending on? And then also the new colocation facility that you announced in partnership with Google, just thinking about that in terms of what that means from an expense and/or investment perspective and versus the guidance that you've kind of talked about in terms of that Google partnership over time?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Sure, Dan. Happy to. So yes the guidance, were still comfortable with the full year guidance that would imply about a $60 million increase in the back half of the year versus what we saw in the first half, there is a few things to keep in mind. You mentioned the typical uplift in our marketing and event spend in the fourth quarter, that is going to continue, but you also have other items where we are spending more on things like some retail marketing as we are supporting some new brokers that are coming into that space. Another piece of that increase is going to be around the Google migration. So some of the cloud consumption you will see increases in our technology line item. You are starting to see that in the past few quarters, you will continue to see that as we go through the balance of the year. As we move more applications into the cloud, you will see more of that consumption spend. Remember the offset is we are spending less on CapEx, and you are seeing that come out of depreciation as well. The other things to keep in mind are some of the project-based work on things like the treasury clearing project that we've announced and the balance of that increase is going to be in compensation. So we remain comfortable with that increase, and it is a number of factors beyond just the typical marketing spend in the fourth quarter that we've seen in the past.
Terrence Duffy: Jim, do you want to talk more about the market and the second part [you] (ph)?
Adam Minick: You mean, Ken?
Terrence Duffy: Ken, I'm sorry.
Kendal Vroman: Yes. Maybe -- thanks, Terry. This is Ken Vroman. Maybe just a little bit of context on what's next with respect to Google. We are very excited about what we announced and Terry alluded to this a one-of-a-kind purpose-built for CME facility that will provide scale and resiliency to our customer base. At the same time, allowing markets to operate in the cloud, not next to the cloud, in the cloud. And we think there is an innovative amount of engineering that went into delivering ultra-low latency capabilities in the cloud that will allow our customers to take advantage of that for both scale, efficiency, new products and new services. So with respect to that, we are very excited about that. We've extended our relationship with Google that goes out as far as 2037 to ensure that we have plenty of time to burn in this capability. So for next for us, we are in a process. We are now reaching out and working with our customers to drive that iteration and make sure that we get the technology and the ecosystem correct as we build the facility out in Aurora. At the same time, in parallel to that and related to some of the things Lynne's talking about, we are migrating our core business, our regular non-ultra-low latency business to the cloud, we received approval from the CFTC to run clearing in the cloud. We expect to be running cycles shortly in the cloud with respect to our business and other non ultra-low latency applications will go there. We are about two-thirds of the way through that migration and continue to make great progress with respect to it.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: And just to finish, Dan on the expense piece of that, it doesn't have an impact on the current guidance, and we will layer in any impact in the out years, as we give the guidance going forward. So no impact yet on our financial guidance from the Co-lo facility.
Dan Fannon: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Terrence Duffy : Thanks Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Owen Lau: Hi, good morning. And thank you for taking my question. So it's a broad question and go back to Terry's comment about the upcoming election. I know you have many different asset classes, but I'm interested to hear more about how does the upcoming election and potential change in administration could impact CME over the next 12 months to 24 months. Is it mainly because of volatility? Or there is some potential secular trend that we may not fully appreciate? Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Owen again, this is speculation. So we have to be very careful here. Depending on who assumes the White House, is it the same policies that we've seen over the last several years? Or is it a new administration with President Trump coming back in and putting his agenda in place. You know what his agenda is, is for less regulation, less taxes, things of that nature, more security for the country, more domestic pay attention to more domestic issues to try to eliminate those. So the question will be what does that have to do with markets. I think regardless of who sits in the White House, the uncertainty as I said in my opening comments, is there and markets are going to need to manage that risk because no matter what people say on the campaign trail and what they do once they assume office are normally two different things. And if you look at history that will -- you'll find that to be a fact. It is very difficult to follow through with some of the rhetoric that you say on the campaign trail. So markets get very skittish one way or another, get excited one day, not so excited as the next is President Trump going to sit on the Fed or make fun of the Fed like you did prior, the -- to tried to get them to take rates down? Or does the Fed stay independent like he has which I think hes done a great job of doing. So there is a lot out there about pressure in rhetoric. So we are going to have to wait and see. We've had a man. If he does have a change of administration, had four years in the office. And if he does reassume that office, I think he will have a whole new cabinet and obviously a new cabinet with new people around him that could the advice might be completely different than the first four. And if, in fact the current Vice President assumes the office, we know where the administration has been. And so I don't think there is any surprises there. So that's the best way I can look at it, and say that, I think overall, the volatility issue with the markets because the US is the dog that wags the tail around the world is going to be very important. We saw what happened in France, a little a bit of a surprise. We saw what happened in the UK, a little bit of a surprise, markets need to pay attention to this because it has long-term effects on it. So again, we've got to get rid of the rhetoric, see who wins and then we'll move forward, but that's how the markets seem to manage it. Lynne?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. And Owen I would just add that regardless of that dynamic, we are seeing a lot of this volatility play-through in our markets today. So we talked about the records in the quarter, the fact that all six asset of the classes were up in both volume and open interest. If you look on a year-to-date basis, we have that same trend. So July has continued to be strong, running 20% ahead of last July, trending towards an all-time record if these levels hold and we are continuing to see that year-to-date across all six asset classes, the volumes are up and the open interest is up, and that's something that's fairly unusual. Typically it won't be such a broad-based use of our product, but we are seeing that people need this risk management in this current environment across all of the offerings that we have.
Owen Lau: Got it. That's helpful. And then my follow-up about -- maybe about the stock. I mean the company continues to have record quarter, but the stock has been under pressure this year because of the interest rate and competition narrative. Do we change how you approach your capital allocation priority and acquisition strategy if the situation persists or not at all? Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: I think we got your question. It came through a little bit scrambled. But your question was about, I think capital return. And then your question was the pressure on the market? Is it due to announced competition? Or is it due to Fed policy. Is that fair?
Owen Lau: I would say the stock has been under pressure even though you continue to achieve record quarter, because of the company's narrative. How does that dynamic change -- how you approach your capital allocation priority. I think that's the question. Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Okay. So Lynne is going to go head start, and then I'll jump in.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. So certainly, we have seen the disconnect between the record performance and the stock price. And certainly we continue to do what we can on the performance side to help that equation. On the capital return policy, it's something that we consistently look at. It is something we are undergoing a new review on again. It is something that we do periodically as good stewards of the capital to make sure we're returning that capital to shareholders in the most effective manner. So we'll be continuing to go through that process. And should anything change, we'll certainly communicate with both shareholders and the analyst community.
Owen Lau: Got it. Thanks.
Terrence Duffy : Thanks Owen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Allen with Citi. Your line is open.
Chris Allen: Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to talk through some of the structural growth opportunities, specifically in energy around natural gas, expect there to be a material impact from AI-driven data center demand on natural gas over the next, call it, five years to 10 years. I wonder if you could help us frame out the opportunities you see it what potential impact you could see on volumes? And any color just on whether data centers currently hedge energy exposure? And if not any thoughts on why?
Terrence Duffy: So before Derek answers on the natural gas, which we have a good story to talk about with natural gas and he will so. Are you suggesting that because of AI and the compute that it will take to run AI that natural gas will be more in favor or out of favor? I'm trying to understand your question. Is that your question?
Chris Allen: Yes. Our energy team here has done work around the incremental demand -- energy demand from data centers driven by AI. And 50% is expected to be filled by natural gas, a pretty material increase. So I see it as a positive catalyst. Just wondering how you guys are framing that out.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you. I just want to make sure we understood your question.
Derek Sammann : Yes. Chris, I think that they don't disagree with the premise that theres going to be increased demand for natural gas and AI. But frankly, that's just the energy transition story. So I mean, you're just seeing natgas replace all other, I mean we're seeing coal reduced eliminated. We are seeing not a real adoption of nuclear. So natural gas is that solution. We are already seeing that in the record results in our natural gas business now. When you look at the year we put up already this year, we set multiple records on a year-to-date basis and quarterly basis for both futures and options with natgas up 29%, more important natgas options up 54%. This is a global story as much as a domestic story because we are seeing our fastest growth in our Henry Hub Compact coming from outside the US. So when you look at the EMEA business growth right now, we are seeing our 2024 year-to-date consumption of Henry Hub, up 78% year-on-year. We're setting records in terms of participation, globalization and options are a big part of that as well. So we see this as a broader story, not limited to energy being consumed by AI, but natgas being not just a transition fuel, but a fuel for future. And that is a position that we are in -- we're 80% market share of that natural gas futures business, and we've increased our shared of Henry Hub options business as well to about 69%. So we feel good about that. We agree with the premise that we'll see natural gas be a bigger source of energy consumption over time, and we like our global position in Henry Hub there.
Terrence Duffy: And Chris, just to follow up on that. I think you guys are right. The question is to Derek's point, I don't know if I would just use AI as your story. When you look at the grid system in the United States of America, the grids are down significantly and to continue to power them up, which you know as well as anybody, the grids today are powered by nuclear and fossil fuels and a handful of what they would call green energy, but that's 2% or 3%. So natural gas needs to play a bigger role because we are running out of power in parts of the world today. We don't have the -- so not only computing AI, how about lighting our homes and powering our country. So there's a lot -- it's a lot bigger story than just AI, but we agree with your premise.
Chris Allen: Thanks. And just for a follow-up, wanted to dig a little bit on dealer relationships. I'm just wondering what areas there are ways to improve relationships with dealers. I would imagine price is always going to be top of their list. But I'm just wondering what other areas would dealers be asking for in terms of rooms for improvement in how they view the CME?
Terrence Duffy: I think that the relationships are good Chris and maybe you heard something I didn't. But we worked very closely with them. I work with not only the CEOs of all the dealers, but up and down the street with the people who run the FCMs, as does my team. And I think the way the relationships are always enhanced is by giving them return for their trading. And when you can invest over the years, like I hate to keep Harper on this, but give them basically $20 billion of savings on a daily basis in the capital-constrained world, you got to imagine that crosses a lot of bridges for them and makes them very pleased with what we are doing. So I think the relationships are good. The dealer community does have a tendency to turn over a little bit more than the exchange community. So we are constantly working to bolster those relationships. But I don't see them as fractured in any way, shape or form. And I think that the guy that's out there promoting his 10 friends is trying to promote that there is a fracture in there because of pricing and other things. What you got to remember, and I think Chris, you're smart enough to understand this, that the smallest cost of any transaction is the transaction cost. The spreads are what really affected the dealers and affected participants, and they know that. So the cost is not the issue. We bring a lot of value to it, and that $20 billion goes a long way on a daily basis.
Chris Allen: Thanks guys.
Terrence Duffy: Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Your line is open. Craig your line is open. You need to unmute yourself.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hi, good morning. Can you guys hear me okay?
Terrence Duffy: Yes, Craig. Go ahead. We got you now.
Craig Siegenthaler: All right. Perfect. Good morning everyone. So we had a follow-up on the rates capital efficiency topic. So in the quarter, you held a call and disclosed that the capital efficiency of cross-margining CME futures with CME interest rate swaps was 20% to 25% less than CME future to future clearing. But given that your rate swaps business is heavily skewed towards Latin America would it that actually reduce the capital efficiency versus a business that was mostly SOFR-based?
Terrence Duffy: I'm not sure we're calling you on, Craig. We didn't say that. So -- that is not true, and we are happy to have a follow-up as Sunil can walk you through it right now, but we did not say that.
Sunil Cutinho: We have deep and rich liquidity across all of our rates products. You are rightfully pointing out that we have significant market share in Latin American currencies, but our dollar market is very strong. And were the only clearing house that provides capital efficiencies between futures, options, cash and swaps or dollar rate. So the growth has been very strong. The capital efficiencies in and of themselves are a function of the structure of the portfolio and the open interest. And as Lynne pointed out, the open interest has grown as well.
Terrence Duffy: So Craig, I think what we were probably pointing out, maybe what you've heard is we are dominant in some of those Latin American rates swaps business clearing, but if you look at the swaps clearing against our future portfolio today, I assure you if anybody was giving up on portfolio margining, they would move their swaps to CME to get those offsets today. So everybody that's trying to achieve offsets is to bring this business to CME and that's the reason we got the $20 billion. So I think we were pointing out the dominance we have in the Latin American nations of their swaps clearing out. Is that fair, Sunil?
Sunil Cutinho: That's fair. And then the most important metric here is we have over 3,300 large open interest holders. So they are ones who are carrying inventory every day. And as Terry pointed out, they have to fund those positions every day. So this $20 billion in capital efficiencies is material.
Terrence Duffy: And that's an important number, Craig and for the rest of the call, that 3,300 large open interest holders, they direct where they their trade to go because they are the ones driving the benefits of the $20 billion. So that's a lot of people to convince, it is not convincing 10 people, two of which are proprietary trading firms.
Craig Siegenthaler: Got it. I guess our worry was that CME may not have enough SOFR initial margin balance to provide total savings and that the portfolio margin benefit between US rates futures and last in interest rate swaps might not be as efficient as US rate futures to US rate swaps. So I don't know if you can provide any kind of high-level commentary efficiency between the two, but that would be helpful.
Terrence Duffy: All right. Tim?
Tim McCourt: Hi, Craig. Yes, I think what's interesting -- I think what you are trying to get at is there is various permutations and calculations of how those capital efficiencies can be extracted across the various product types. I think what the main takeaway should think about SOFR is right now, we have 100% of the SOFR open interest across futures and options. So we are the only ones who can actually afford that as a mechanic or a part of the calculation to unlock that saving. So SOFR could be used against OIS swaps on the cleared swap -- side that can be used against treasury futures. SOFR futures can be used against, SOFR options and with the improvements we made in January that can now be used against cash positions at FICC with the enhanced gross margin. So the real takeaway here is not necessarily just a mathematical result. You have to look at the gravity of the risk pool that is here at CME with the large open interest holders, the growing open records across the rate complex, those are the more important things because that was the cornerstone of how clients access the capital efficiencies, not just the individual computation by any sort of one possible trade combination.
Terrence Duffy: Does that help -- does that give more color for you Craig?
Craig Siegenthaler: No, that's helpful. Thank you guys.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW. Your line is open.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good morning. Maybe just a follow-up on the cloud announcement. I'm just wondering if you could expand a bit on how that might work in practice in terms of clients potentially migrating towards a Google infrastructure as a service offering versus utilizing a self-managed infrastructure. And more specifically, I'm wondering if rolling out the new co-location facility and matching engine and the subsequent client migration will have any material impact, whether positive or negative on CME's connectivity, co-location or low latency data feed revenue?
Terrence Duffy: I'm going to let Ken answer that for you Kyle, but I'm going to make one comment because I think it's important. We listen to our clients who use that facility. And one of their main concerns when we announced this deal in 2021 of where that cloud could potentially be where would that data center be? How disruptive would it be? We've announced that, that cloud data facility is across the street. So there is no disruption from the client perspective. So we heard them loud and clear and we worked with our partners at Google for them to build a one-of-a-kind bespoke facility for CME's clients. Ken, I'll turn it to you.
Kendal Vroman: Yes. One of the things just to build on that, a number of us were around for this, but when Globex was first developed, it wasn't as a replacement for the floor. It was put alongside the floor to enable new strategies, new business models, new products and services. We think about this as the migration to cloud very similarly. We allowed our customers to choose and migrate over time. So today, as we move forward with the cloud, our customers, because of what Terry said, because of the location, they will have the ability to choose. They can continue to do what they do today and manage their own gear or they can migrate into the Google managed solution and take advantage of the various capabilities there. But ultimately, it was important for us to allow the migration to happen based on the pull of the value proposition, not us pushing it in a certain direction. So the facility out there in Aurora allows it to leverage the infrastructure they have today, leverage the infrastructure we are building for tomorrow and that migration will happen in a seamless manner because of that. And so we can be both intentional and careful with our customer interest as we do that. And again, as I said earlier we are in a process now where we are iterating on a daily basis with our customers' input to make sure that we get all that right.
Terrence Duffy: So let me just clarify one thing my colleague said because it is important, Globex was not a floor product. Globex was a product -- that was an electronic product that was distributed outside of the trading floor, so it's not a floor-based product. Just want to make sure that, that's clear for all the lawyers that are listening.
Kyle Voigt: Just to clarify one point there, though -- but when the migration does happen or that pull does happen for those clients and they elect to migrate to the Google infrastructure. From a CME revenue perspective, is that a net positive or net negative or net neutral when you look at the connectivity colo and kind of low latency data feed revenue bucket?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. Kyle, there is a lot of moving pieces in that at this point. So once we get closer to that, we probably will have more guidance, but there is going to be a number of ways that you can access the facility. There's going to be a number of ways that you can excess data, so there's going to be potentially new streams changes to existing streams. It is just too early to comment on that at this point.
Kyle Voigt: Okay. And then just if I could just follow up on the discussion around just competition. Obviously, we saw the announcements on the bank and market maker partners from FMX in 2Q. But I guess my question is more so on the client side. CME has a large sales force, you are in constant communication with your end-users of your futures products. I'm just wondering, at this point, if your sales team has been fielding more or any questions from kind of the end users, hedge funds, CTAs, asset managers, other buy-side firms about this FMX platform or any of the value proposition?
Terrence Duffy: Yes. So Julie, you want to -- I'll let Julie Winkler, our Chief Commercial Officer, who deals with most of the end user clients, I want the rest of us answer that.
Julie Winkler: Yes. No, thanks for the question. And certainly this has been a great opportunity for our sales force to continue to engage with our customers, which is part of what we're doing each and every day. Our rates business is just continuing to demonstrate strength and resilience. This 15% surge in volume and record treasury futures ADV, it's giving us a lot to talk about with our customers. And the feedback, we are -- a key part of what we do is listen to our customers. And as Terry pointed out earlier, transaction fees are one very small piece of the value proposition that is being offered. And so what we are really trying to do is make sure we understand the dynamics of what they are hearing but also being very focused on highlighting the key aspects of our value proposition, which is our deep liquidity, the capital efficiencies that we talked a lot about on this call today and making sure that across our offering, both with BrokerTech and with our treasury futures complex as well as SOFR futures and options that people are well aware of all of those dynamics that we have, and that has been the focus of our conversation. So we are not assessing or hearing anything that's from those constituents that you spoke to earlier that would concern us that people are extremely happy and have shown that with their trading volume on our exchange over the past quarter.
Terrence Duffy: In the calls that I feel that are call me Kyle, have been more of the business side of what we can do more together to continue to create these efficiencies. Those are the calls that I'm feeling, I'm not feeling anything about any other offering. So they are calling me about more efficiencies. Talking more about Basel III. What does that mean for the bottom-line? How can we work together to continue to build their business and CME's business together. That's the calls that I'm talking to from the real business rating community.
Kyle Voigt: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Cyprus with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Michael Cyprys: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to ask on the rates franchise as the Fed begins to cut rates expected in a couple of months. Just how do you anticipate that impacting the types of instruments that customers will trade as well as the level of activity. And then specifically, how might it impact the capture rate if investors for example maybe extend duration or even shift from options to future? Just how do we think about any sort of impact to the capture? Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Michael. Tim?
Tim McCourt: Yes. Thanks, Michael. I think what's interesting is when we look at the backdrop that our rate conflict continues to serve the needs of our clients in, as Terry said, the uncertainty is only increasing over the both near-term and long-term horizon. So the one thing that is important is that we have all those tools at CME to trade, whether you want to use SOFR on the short end of the curve or the treasury complex on the long-end of the curve. We've already seen a tremendous amount of difference of expressions or reviews on what the Fed will do by the end of the year. We've gone from expecting six rate cuts across 2024 to maybe one now sort of the market is pricing maybe two by the end of the year, and we are well positioned to take advantage of that from both a product innovation perspective, where we've introduced things like T-bills on the short end of the curve. We are continuing to invest and add expiries to our SOFR complex and the option side. We are also continuing, as Terry said to figure out ways to unlock additional capital efficiencies around that. And how that sort of manifests into the capture rate or the RPC for the complex, that's tough to predict. As Lynne said earlier, the mix between [stories and lectures] (ph) is one element of the impact on RPC. It also is a function of what is being done on Globex versus ExPIT or in the block trade, also as well as member and non-members. So the fact that we have a very diversified healthy and robust community of traders as Sunil and Terry said earlier, over -- with a recent large open interest holder record of 3,370 large traders in that complex, that complex is growing. So we also need to factor in the growth rate of additional non-members coming online, additional increase in [biocide] (ph) participation, asset managers, insurance companies, all of these participants coming in. It is hard to forecast that it is important just to note that there is a difference, but it is more than just the volume itself, if the member, non-member and participant mix that will also increase or impact the RPC going forward.
Michael Cyprys: Great. And just a follow-up. Yes. Can you guys hear me?
Terrence Duffy: Yes. Go ahead, Michael.
Michael Cyprys: Just a follow-up question, Terry to your point on the phone calls you're getting from customers asking for more efficiencies. Just curious how you are thinking about that, where there might be opportunities to bolster efficiencies for customers in the near-term and also the longer term, what steps might be able to take there? And are there any ways for maybe any strategic actions to help with that? Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Well, I'll be careful talking about strategic action, but there are some conversations going on as it relates to that, how we could be more strategic. I think when you look at what Sunil pointed out earlier with $1 billion with the offsets against FICC, which is growing exponentially, bringing in new -- bringing in more and more clients into that is something that is very exciting for them. These banks, these dealers need to continually look at ways to free up some of their balance sheet, so they can continue on with their other activities. And this is just another way of continuing to do it. So our conversations are more focused on that. There are some strategic conversations going on with some of the dealer communities that I've had and with other entities. So I think it is around efficiencies. Let me be clear about that. They are mostly dealing with efficiencies and what we can or cannot do together. So it is a pretty exciting time for the marketplace and we'll have more to report as we continue to have conversations. But at the moment, that's where I can go with Michael.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alex Blostein: Hi, everybody. Good morning thanks for the question as well. One slightly bigger picture question around the firm's kind of longer-term revenue growth algorithm that I was hoping to get your thoughts on. So -- over the years, CME rigs pricing across various parts of the business by call it, low single digits, maybe 2% to 3%. And as you think and kind of thinking forward, whether it is due to competition or feedback you are getting from the market, is that sort of 2% to 3% still reasonable? And what part of the model do you think pricing increases can become more challenged? And kind of how are you thinking about offsetting that? Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: So first of all Alex, we look at price increases all the time and how we do them and we don't believe in just raising prices because you can strategy. We do it because of value-add strategy. And I think that's what's long-term and more lasting for our shareholders. So working with our market participants bringing them value strategically, we are thinking about different opportunities, different risk management tools. I can't emphasize enough what this Google AI can do for our clients going into test environments about what they can do to enhance their own books, as it relates to risk and other opportunities for them that nobody else will be able to effectuate in such a quick way. This is an exciting time for our market participants. So we look at those value-added proposals that we have with all of our clients across the spectrum, we don't just raise prices because of inflation or because you [cant] (ph) strategy. That's a bad strategy in my mind. So that's not what we do. We do it because of value. I'll let Lynne comment further.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. I think Terry covered it. I mean it's always a bottoms-up approach. It's market by market, looking at customer health, market health, and where we've created value. So I think that strategy is still intact and it's something that we'll continue to do as we think about making any changes.
Alex Blostein : Okay, thanks.
Lynne Fitzpatrick : Thank you Alex.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks good morning  thanks for taking my question. Maybe just back on the Google Cloud. Maybe just if you can talk about the timing of when the new platform will become available? And any early expectations about how much faster it could be versus Globex and views on what portion of the client base would be migrating on that over time? And maybe when you think -- most people would migrate over to that new platform if it was superior.
Terrence Duffy: Great question Brian and there is some information that we don't have fully baked yet. I'm going to let Ken give you as much as he possibly can right now to give you some color as it relates to the transition into the cloud as we move forward.
Kendal Vroman: Brian, as you can imagine, we are actually building a physical building now. So that takes a little bit of time. And one of the things that's nice is that there is capability in Dallas. So you also heard us announce that our disaster recovery site will be in Dallas. And we will have our customers up in testing and playing around in that environment in early 2026. What we said about the longer time frame is more about making sure our customers and our ecosystem is prepared. And so we tend to talk that when we have more specifics about bringing the market migration online, we are going to give 18 months' notice at a minimum in order -- before we start migrating our markets. So that's really what we've said about timing. And then as it relates to which customers will take advantage of which venue and how long that will take. Those are very early days in that process. And as I said before, we are providing choice and optionality to our customers. And as we get further iterating with them and they understand the value proposition and the things that are available and their ability to do, they will make individual decisions about their business models and what makes the most sense for them. So I think it would be premature to speculate on who's going to do what. But I will say that we are very excited about the engineering that has gone into this capability. We think it is innovative. We think it is differentiating and we think it will be enabling for our customers. And so we are excited about that, but a little too soon to give specifics.
Terrence Duffy: And just to add on to what Ken said Brian, when you referenced the latency or the speed to how you set it. As I've said since 2021, we will not go into the cloud, if in fact, Google does not put forth a platform that is as good or faster than what we have today, and that has not changed one bit. So we still have to make sure we see that platform before that ultimate decision can be made. We think they will get there, but the exciting part is what Ken said and the functionality associated with that speed. I don't know where markets are ultimately going to go on the speed. We're pretty much at that point right now where it's kind of hard to continually to make it any faster than it is. But what I think is impressive and important is the distribution, the functionality and the tools associated with Google Cloud that others will not be able to replicate.
Brian Bedell: That's great color. And maybe I could just follow up with Lynne on the collateral balances in terms of the rates that you are paying and the spreads you are getting exiting the second quarter coming into third quarter, both on the non-op line and the other fee line?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. So for the second quarter cash balances averaged $73 billion and the non-cash balances averaged $161 billion. Both of those fairly similar to what we saw in Q1. So far in July, we've seen the total collateral is down a bit and we've seen both of those lines come down a little bit. So, so far in July, the average cash balance is $69 billion, and the average non-cash is $159 billion.
Brian Bedell: And the rates that you are paying out on this?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: It was 36 basis points on the cash was our portion. And then we are paying out fee on the non-cash is 10 basis points, rather 36 basis points on the cash, 10 on the non-cash.
Brian Bedell: Okay. Too early to say when the Fed cuts where you might go to at this stage? Or do you think you might be able to maintain the spread?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. It is a bit early to say, but I would keep in mind that the spread that we are actually charging it's 25 basis points less than the IORB rate, and it is been at that level since last June. So it stayed at a consistent level since the IORB was at 165, if that's helpful.
Brian Bedell: Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks Brian.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. And thanks for taking the question. I wanted to dig into CME's treasury clearing plans. Can you give us a more detailed picture of what you're planning to offer, what needs to be built out still and when it might be ready for launch? And are there any regulatory approvals that you'll need to get this up and running?
Terrence Duffy: Yes, yes and yes there Ken. A treasury clearing proposal we've announced, we are working with the SEC now. I did a call with the Chair and staff with -- my staff again on Friday, we feel very confident that all the information will be in the SEC by mid-September and then it will be in the hands of the SEC. They do need to go through, to deem it complete and approve and they have an approval process which is public. So you'll see that, Ken. As far as our plans, what products -- I'm assuming what you're asking, will launch?
Ken Worthington: Please.
Terrence Duffy: Yes. And I'll let Tim go ahead and reference that. But again, I think we are really focused on getting our approval and getting the structure of the new clearing facility up and going. And I think what's even more important is, I've said this publicly before, and I will say it again, that the FICC offering today is a dominant offering. They are the incumbent. We don't know where the world is going to be come 2026, when the mandate kicks into place. So we will be prepared and ready if, in fact we need to. But at the moment, I got to be honest with you. When you just take your savings with FICC up to $1 billion in a very short period of time with those offsets, that's a very powerful tool to offer your clients today. So again, we'll be prepared, but I don't want to be dismissive of my colleagues over at DTCC and the FICC offering because they've done a good job, and we'll see how they progress as long as side-by-side with us. Tim?
Tim McCourt: Yes. Thanks, Terry. Again, just to reinforce, Terry is absolutely right. We have a long-standing partnership with FICC that unlocks a tremendous amount of savings to  [for our] (ph) clients and market participants. And when we are looking at our offering that we will be building, part of it is to satisfy the mandate both with respect to the US active treasuries as well as repo clearing. But when we are engaging with clients, we want to make sure that we are looking at this from a complementary fashion, how can we work with market participants to not only bring the service to market, but in a way that deals with some of the issues presented whether it's on done away trade or how is it additive to some of the activity and services are providing. It's also important when we look at it, we know notice and partnership with our clients is going to be of the utmost important as we look to bring the solution to market. As Terry said, we are working towards the approval time line for this year, and we are looking to be ready to test in the second half of next year, such that we can meet the January '26 deadline for US Actives and the June '26 deadline for Repo. Stay tuned for that, but that's the broad strokes we've provided for [that] (ph).
Terrence Duffy: Thanks Tim.
Ken Worthington: Okay, great. Thank you. Yes. And just on the Google facility, do you have a dollar cost of the investment? Like is this all being paid for by you? Is it be paying for Google? And what's sort of the payback you would expect on your investment?
Terrence Duffy: Are you referring to the facility itself Ken? Are you referring to the commercial arrangements we have at Google, what are you referring to?
Ken Worthington: The facility itself, the new announcement, I guess today with the co-location facility in Illinois.
Terrence Duffy: Yes. Yes. I want to make sure we're fair on that, Lynne.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. So we won't own the facility and we won't be building it. So there will be some costs associated down the road for our usage, but it's not a build that we are undertaking.
Terrence Duffy: They are paying for the building to put it more clear.
Ken Worthington: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Eli Abboud: Good morning. This is Eli Abboud from Craigs team. Thanks for taking the question. You onboarded the -- yes, can you hear me?
Terrence Duffy: Yes. Go ahead, Eli.
Eli Abboud: Okay. You onboarded a couple of large retail brokers earlier this year. Can you share any details around the incremental volume you're seeing from these clients? I know you said some records in certain micro contracts this quarter. To what extent would you attribute this to these new clients?
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Eli. It's a great question. I'll let Julie and then if Derrick wants to jump on as well with some of the contracts, but Julie.
Julie Winkler: Yes. I mean -- thanks for the question Eli. Certainly, Q2 was a really strong quarter for our retail business. We saw growth in both number of retail participants as well as revenue. Those are -- this growth was really kind of driven by a few factors. One of them was the one that you mentioned, and that is the focus that we've had on these new to futures channel partners that are distributing CME futures for the first time. We saw a lot of strong client interest in our dollar-denominated equity index offerings and also just the fact that we have a very diverse product offering and a really strong quarter for metals as well as options. So as we looked at the new brokers that are offering our products, really what we've seen is the support from both our marketing and an education partnerships, they have delivered a number of significant new clients in Q2, they are experiencing that success with our educational content that they are able to deliver on their website and also have told us about the strong customer engagement that they are seeing. So we'd say definitely early success, and we believe that, that is promising for the future growth and really sets a blueprint for some additional brokers that we hope to bring online in the second part of this year. In terms of the second one and the APAC retail clients, again I think this is one where there seems to be a lot of interest in dollar-denominated Equity Index complex, which we are extremely strong. So that resulted in a big uptake over 20% in our mini and micro NASDAQ suites. And this is where we were able to outpace our competitors in terms of ETFs and other products out there. This is even with low volatility. So I think it speaks to the power of our complex, as well as the investments that CME has made in long-term access to that intellectual property. And then just the last point, when volatility is up where gold futures prices were at record levels, we saw some really great results, Id say, in metals activity among our retail client base. Revenue there up significantly in Q2, and as well as some good penetration, I would say, in getting brokers, particularly internationally, having options access for the first time ever to our retail clients. So I think it was a combination of all of those factors that is certainly setting us up in a strong way for future growth. So we are excited about those new brokers that we brought on and also the additional ones that we expect to come online this year.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Julie. Derek, do you want to wrap it up.
Derek Sammann : Yes. Just very quickly on the gold side as Julie touched on, we saw significant growth in participation on the gold market this year. When you look at our Q2 volume in metals overall at 42%, retail in the second quarter is at 70%. This is a function of having the right product size for the right participants in the right risk appetite. So when we look at that growth, we saw records with both micro copper, micro silver and micro gold, and we saw as prices pushed up, we have the right products for those customers. So this is a function of serving customer needs for intermediaries and users, and that's led to a growth not just in the volume but open interest and a broad main set of market participants as well.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks Derek, thanks Julie. Thanks Eli.
Eli Abboud: Thanks. If I could squeeze in a follow-up. You mentioned you'll be giving clients access to Google's AI capabilities. I was just wondering if you could give us any more details on what use cases you are envisioning? And which market participants you would be targeting? Is this for your buy side, FCMs, market makers?
Terrence Duffy: Yes. We'll be careful on disclosing what market participants we always are on that more -- but Ken can give a little bit more color as it relates to that.
Kendal Vroman: Yes. I think AI is just one piece of it. Certainly, we are focused on data and analytics capabilities. And as AI relates to that, I think some of the things that will be working with our customers on and unveiling over the coming years will be very interesting to them and hopefully enable both their risk management and their trading strategies. So Beyond that, I think it'd be a little bit premature to talk about too much more depth about which clients would do what with AI, is they are all figuring it out on their own, in their own ways, frankly. Okay, Eli.
Eli Abboud: Got it. Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you. All right.
Operator: Thank you. And we have no further questions at this time. I'd like to hand the call back to management for closing remarks.
Terrence Duffy: Well, we want to thank you all for joining us for todays call. Were very thrilled about our record results. We are going to continue to work hard to bring efficiencies to the marketplace and bring value to our shareholders. So thank you very much for joining us. We look forward to following up with you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the CME Group First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 I'll now turn the conference over to Adam Minick. Please go ahead. 
Adam Minick: Good morning, and I hope you're all doing well today. We released our executive commentary earlier this morning, which provides extensive details on the first quarter 2024, which we will be discussing on this call. I'll start with the safe harbor language, and then I'll turn it over to Terry.
 Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statement.
 Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with the SEC which are on our website. Lastly on the final page of the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I'll turn the call over to Terry. 
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Adam, and thank you all for joining us this morning. I'm going to make a few brief comments about the quarter and the overall environment. Following that, Lynne will provide an overview of our first quarter financial results. In addition to Lynne, we have other members of our management team present to answer questions after the prepared remarks. 
 Our performance in the first quarter was strong evidence of the ever-growing need for risk management globally. First quarter average daily volume of 26.4 million contracts was the third highest quarterly ADV in CME Group's history. The only higher quarters were first quarter 2020 at the onset of the pandemic and the first quarter last year, which was impacted by the significant bank turmoil in March and created the much tougher comparison for March 2024.
 Despite no specific macro event or change in Federal Reserve rates occurring in Q1, we had the highest January ADV to date, up 16% year-over-year, and a February that included the highest monthly interest rate ADV in our history of 17.2 million contracts, or up 6%. We achieved quarterly ADV records for both treasuries of 7.8 million contracts, and the overall options of 5.9 million contracts. Both equity index and energy options reached all-time high levels. 
 Our non-U.S. ADV also reached a record level of 7.4 million contracts. This is driven largely by 38% growth in energy, 29% in ag products, and 7% in metals. In total, we delivered 14% ADV growth across our physical commodity products to 4.7 million average daily volume, which included 16% year-over-year growth for both energy and ag products. This strong first quarter activity across our business lines helped generate record-adjusted quarterly financial results, which Lynne will detail in just a moment. 
 Activity so far in April has continued to build on many of these trends. Following the strong first quarter of our physical commodity asset classes, they are up 26% to date in April as of April 22. Metals ADV specifically is up 76%, and the complex reached its highest daily volume in history at 1.7 million contracts on April 12. 
 On the financials side of the business, the CPI released on April 10 was a great example of how important every data point is for the market to adjust positions to manage risk. We reached nearly 44 million contracts traded that day, and the wide range of views around the health of the global economy and the nuance related to interpreting the many different economic indicators continues. As a result of the strong market dynamics, year-to-date through April 22, our ADV is up 4%, including year-over-year growth in all 6 of our asset classes.  
 CME Group continues to provide deep liquid markets across global benchmarks to deliver the most operational and capital efficiencies to market participants. CME Group's multi-asset class offering is in higher demand today than ever. I'm now going to turn the call over to Lynne to review our financial results. 
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Terry, and thank you for joining us this morning. During the first quarter, CME generated nearly $1.5 billion in revenue, up 3% from a very strong first quarter in 2023. Within the physical commodities asset classes, quarterly revenue was up 14% year-over-year and represented approximately 1/3 of clearing and transaction fees in the quarter. Market Data revenue reached a record level, up 6% to $175 million. Other revenue increased 37% to $104 million, largely due to the increased noncash collateral fee implemented in January. 
 Continued strong cost discipline led to adjusted expenses of $462 million for the quarter and $374 million, excluding license fees. Our adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 68.9%, up from 68.2% in the same period last year. CME Group had an adjusted effective tax rate of 23%. Driven by the strong demand for our risk management products, we delivered the highest quarterly adjusted net income and earnings per share in our history at $911 million and $2.50 per share, respectively, both up 3% from the first quarter last year. This represents an adjusted net income margin for the quarter of over 61%. 
 Capital expenditures for the first quarter were approximately $16 million and cash at the end of the period was approximately $1.7 billion. CME Group paid dividends during the quarter of approximately $2.3 billion, and we have returned nearly $25 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends since implementing the variable dividend policy in early 2012. We're very proud to deliver the best adjusted quarterly earnings in our history and are pleased to see this strong start continue into the second quarter.  
 Year-to-date through April 22, 42, or more than half, of our trading days have been over 25 million contracts versus 28 days last year demonstrating more consistent, higher demand for our products. At CME Group, we continue to focus on providing the risk management products needed by our clients and driving earnings growth for our shareholders. We'd now like to open up the call for your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question in the queue is from Chris Allen with Citi. 
Christopher Allen: I wanted to focus on the U.S. Treasury complex record activity in the quarter. Obviously, there was a lot of chatter out there where maybe somewhere peak rate activity does not seem to be the case. But maybe how you're thinking about the U.S. Treasury complex? What's driving it? Any color on the impact from the CME DTCC cross margining? And then also U.S. Treasury clearing, which you applied to clear cash U.S. Treasury. How are you thinking about that from a structural impact perspective, but also if there's any revenue opportunities around that? Sorry for the multipart question. 
Terrence Duffy: No problem, Chris. Again, we'll unpack that a little bit, and I'm going to ask Tim probably Suzanne and myself, will all kind of answer the 3 different parts of it. So let's just talk about -- I think first part of your question was around is it the peak activity around treasuries? I think that would be really difficult to draw that conclusion in lieu what's going on fundamentally around the world and in the United States.  
 So I just don't see anybody can draw a conclusion that this is the peak of that activity. Activity should generate more if, in fact, the Fed does cut so that would generate more activity. It doesn't need to just go up in order to generate activity, as you know, Chris. So I would say that a far away of saying that we are not near a peak as it relates to activity in the treasury market. As far as the DTCC and the clearing, I'll let Tim and Suzanne respond to that, respectively. 
Suzanne Sprague: Yes. Thank you very much, Terry, and thank you for the question. We do continue seeing increased participations in the cross margin program between ourselves and the fixed income clearing corporations. Some of those clearing members are seeing upwards of 75% to 80% in margin savings. And that's in addition to the portfolio margining program that we offer within CME between our interest rate futures, options and swaps, which in the first quarter of 2024, continued delivering average daily savings of about $7 billion.  
 So holistically, those capital efficiency solutions, I think, have been a great story for market participants in achieving record savings over time and continued consistent savings for the first quarter of this year. 
Terrence Duffy: Tim, do you have anything to add? 
Tim McCourt: Chris, I think maybe just one thing to add on the treasury complex is when we look at the long-term growth of that complex, the volume and open interest continue to grow with the stock of outstanding treasuries. And over the last 10 years, the stock of that treasury has roughly doubled. And when we look out the congressional budget office also is forecasting it to double over the next 10 years.  
 So when we look to where the total net issuance is currently occurring in Q1, while it was little changed from Q4 in terms of the net issuance, it was much more coupon heavy than previous quarters, and when we look at the treasury ramps up the notes and bonds to issue the finance these growing budget deficits, that plays very well into the complex of the products that we offer.  
 And as Terry said in his remarks, furthering the growth that we've seen where the treasury complex had a record Q1 of 7.8 million contracts across futures and options and we expect the general issuance backdrop to continue to be a tailwind for that [indiscernible]. 
Terrence Duffy: And Chris, let me just add to one thing that I was going to say at the beginning. But on the treasury complex to say that as it peaked, you know and everybody on the call knows that the different amount of opinions that's out there is related to what the Fed is going to do or not do is all over the map. And everybody has been absolutely for the most part wrong. So you had anywhere from 6 rate cuts predicted 6 months ago coming into '24 to 3 that was advertised by the Fed.  
 Now people are going anywhere between 0, none and somewhere in between that. I have no idea what's going to happen, but there's a big difference of opinions out there, which had also generated a tremendous amount of activity. One of the things we don't talk about, and we haven't talked about since SVB failed, was their duration risk. And I'm not suggesting others are going to fall into this. But the longer that rates are higher, you have to think that others are watching this and need to make sure they manage that risk on duration. 
 So I think that's an equation that most people that are sitting on these treasuries was not put accounting for, say, just as little as 3 to 6 months ago. 
Christopher Allen: Appreciate the color. Anything on U.S. Treasury clearing? 
Terrence Duffy: On the U.S. Treasury clearing, I will say that we -- I made the announcement that we are going to file an application, as it relates to this. We are in the very early stages of completing that application it will -- I think we've said publicly that we'll probably look in sometime in the fourth quarter before we can have that being viewed by the SEC, and then we'll go from there. But again, I think from our standpoint, the mandate doesn't kick in until sometime in '26 and we'll be prepared either way to go forward with it if it's in the best interest of CME and its participants. 
Operator: The next question in the queue is from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. 
Daniel Fannon: I was hoping to get a little more color on some of the activity in the commodities and metals markets. Maybe talk about the health of the customer, given the robust increase in volumes, has there been any change in position limits or other things that might potentially curtail some of the activity that's been happening? 
Terrence Duffy: Derek? 
Derek Sammann: Yes, I think it's -- we've seen a really spectacular rise in our metals activity. And then, as you know, our metals activity is made both with the precious metal side and the base metal side. Q1 was a little bit quiet. Volumes up for the first quarter were 4%. What you've seen is a significant move and change in expectations around the role that gold is playing in the market. I think a lot of us scratched our heads over the last few years about why gold was sort of stuck below [ $2,000. ]
 We saw a significant run-up in participation and growth, and we've actually seen very healthy activity and participation across each of our client segments. When you look at kind of the spread of activity in that market, it's a market that has very healthy participation across not just the commercial participants but buy side as well. And you've seen that activity increase and accelerate.  
 In Q1, we saw really nice growth on the base metal side of the business, up 15%. There's a lot of questions there about global growth, questions around China and electrification generally of the grid globally that's typically really good for markets like copper and aluminum, where we're seeing records in the early stages of our aluminum growth there. So when you look at the growth of the activity, we see it healthy across client segments, we're seeing significant growth across regions and our options business, as Terry said earlier, set records, not just for options, but the full complex in April.  
 So very happy with the client growth, very happy with the product growth across asset classes and across regions as well. 
Terrence Duffy: And Dan, let me just add to what Derek said because I think it's really important. We talked a moment ago in our prepared remarks about how all 6 asset classes are achieving the levels that they are doing. I've talked to several people just recently as the metals run-up has happened, who I thought never traded metals anymore because of the price action, but are back in the marketplace now. So you asked, I think specifically about the customer is the customer healthy, I don't know how you phrased it, but I will tell you that it's amazing, and this is a story that we've been telling for 22 years is when one asset class might quiet down, they go to another one. 
 We're seeing a big divergence into these metals from people that used to participate that have gone other places. That's really fascinating for us to continue to see. But the bigger part of the picture is all 6 asset classes are humming along. So I think it's really healthy for a client across CME. 
Operator: The next question, the queue is from Patrick Moley with Piper Sandler. 
Patrick Moley: So Terry, for a few quarters now, you've expressed an openness to potential M&A as an avenue of future growth. So we're just hoping to get your updated thoughts on M&A and kind of the areas and asset classes that you're focused on when it comes to potential M&A opportunities. 
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Patrick. I don't know if I've been open to discussing that. I think that I have said that with CME is in a strong position, if, in fact, the right transaction was to come along, and made sense for our shareholders and our clients. And so I'm not out looking for particular deals. I just said that we are in a strong position to do so if it were to arise.  
 And again, that mindset has not changed. One of the things that we are obviously excited about is what I just said, all 6 asset classes is going at the same time that may open up different opportunities as it relates to some potential M&A activity if we see something. But again, we're not out shopping at the moment or anything, but we are always open to looking at something that's of value to our clients and shareholders. And what was the other part of your question, Patrick? 
Patrick Moley: No, you hit on all of them. That was great. 
Operator: The next question in the queue is from Alex Kramm with UBS. 
Alex Kramm: Just a quick one on market data. You pointed out some kind of like onetime-ish episodic revenues here. I think one was audit, and I get that but the other one was on derived data, and that was a bigger number. So maybe you can just remind us why that comes with sometimes episodic revenue. But then bigger picture, I think a few years ago, derived data was a big new initiative.  
 And we would hope that there's maybe a little bit more of a stable revenue source at this point. So maybe you can just give us an update where we stand in particular, as it also pertains to what you're doing with Google on the market data side. 
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Alex. I'll turn it over to Julie Winkler and I don't know if Sunil wants to chime in as it relates [indiscernible] Julie. 
Julie Winkler: Yes. Thanks for the question, Alex. I mean the data services business, obviously, in general, had a great quarter, $175 million revenue, up another 6%. This is on the back of a record year from last year. And the key growth part of that is certainly with our professional subscriber revenue. That is our core revenue base that is coming and delivering over 80% of that revenue.  
 As it relates back to those more episodic and sporadic revenues last quarter, right? Certainly, we've talked a lot about the unpredictable nature of the audit. And if you think about derived that there's 2 pieces of derived data revenue that typically an annual component of that as well as a variable component. And so there were some true-ups that we saw, it does bring up, I'd say, consistent revenue and these are contracts that are up for renewal.  
 So I think we do see some -- certainly some repeatability with the subscription and the nature of those agreements but because of those 2 different components. There is some spikes to them occasionally, and we did see that happen in this particular quarter. And I'd say as it relates back to commercialization more broadly, definitely continuing to work with Google in our initiatives there. We've been very clear for the onset that our data business is a priority as we think about trying to deliver our data in new ways and new solutions with them.  
 And that work has tied throughout the quarter. And so I think in one particular example, right, we've talked about the transaction cost analysis and TCA work. That is in production today and is being used by our business teams and with our clients to make better business decisions, the broker tech [indiscernible] change that we're having in the 7-year coming up just a couple of weeks with specifically developed as a result of being able to leverage this tool.  
 So we're working to be able to share that directly with clients. But for now, I think that is a good example of the innovation that we're driving with our partners at Google. Over to Sunil. 
Sunil Cutinho: The only thing I'll add is we have plans to add more data sets [indiscernible] more data sets available as risk management becomes a priority, as Terry has pointed out. So we'll be working with our clients on stress scenarios, historical scenarios, so they could use that [indiscernible]. 
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Julie. Thanks, Sunil. Thanks, Alex.
 Craig, we have you listed as the next speaker. Are you there? Any of us or any out there, can hear us. We're having a little trouble hearing the other side come in. So we're not hearing anything. [Technical Difficulty] Bear with us for one second to see... 
Operator: Craig line is open. 
Craig Siegenthaler: Terry, can you hear me? 
Terrence Duffy: I can now Craig. Thank you. I apologize for the delay. 
Craig Siegenthaler: No worries. I was trying before, but nobody could hear me. So listen, guys, I know you planned to launch credit futures in June. There is an attractive capital efficiency component here with the margin offsets, especially against the rate product. How do you size up the TAM for this new segment? And how quickly do you expect volumes to ramp just given your conversations with key participants? 
Terrence Duffy: Yes. Good question, Craig. And I don't know if we can answer it fully because we haven't got the contract out yet, but that's always the multimillion dollar question, as I say. But let me turn it over to Tim to talk a little bit about the market and the potential opportunity and what it might mean for not only for the credit market, but for markets that are correlated associated with it that she merely has today. Tim. 
Tim McCourt: Great. Thanks. And Craig, I really appreciate the question. Ourselves and our clients are excited about the launch of credit futures on June 17, which will be index futures on the Bloomberg corporate bond indices and I think CME is uniquely positioned given our strength both in the interest rate and equity complex. Credit tends to be at a nice intersection of those other asset classes, but also offers a unique distinct market where when you look at the recent growth in credit markets, that has an addressable market of about 90 billion average daily volume in terms of notional across the fixed income ETFs, the CDX, the cash bond. 
 And even the underlying market is becoming more and more electronic. So we think that the velocity of this market will continue, the needs to hedge this market will continue as people become increasingly aware of managing their credit risk and to your point, Craig, we expect to offer margin efficiencies, introducing capital efficiencies to enable our clients to manage their risk is something that is tried and true here at CME and early indications, which are always subject to change, we think there will be a 70% margin offset between the U.S. Treasury futures and the investment-grade credit future and 50% offsets against our E-mini equity benchmarks for high yield. 
 Lack of the margin efficiencies in prior products and prior offerings is something that we believe and what we're hearing from customers was a key hurdle for some of the other offerings to become successful. So to Terry's point, while we can't necessarily predict the future, we are optimistic, we're hearing great things from clients given our ability to offer offsets against our asset classes in the base F&O fund and our unique leadership positions in the price formation of the associated asset classes, we certainly like to see what we can do with that coming June when this contract goes [indiscernible]. 
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Tim. Thanks, Craig, for the question. Appreciate it. 
Operator: Our next question is from Kyle Voigt with KBW. 
Kyle Voigt: Maybe a question for Lynne. I noticed that $750 million of debt moved into the short-term bucket this quarter due to the expiration coming in early in 2025. You're below your historical target leverage level of 1x. And I think you could even issue $1 billion of additional debt from current levels and still be below that threshold. I guess, would you consider increasing gross debt levels with upcoming refinancing to include that cash as part of the annual variable next year? 
 Or should we think about the debt simply being refinanced at current levels? And sorry to squeeze the second part of this question in, but could you also remind us how you think about maximum leverage in a -- if the right M&A opportunity were to present itself? 
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. Thanks, Kyle. So we do have our next maturity coming up in March of 2025. So it's certainly something we will be looking at over the course of this year. As you know, we don't have a strong need for debt financing, but we do try and keep some bonds out in the market just to keep our name in front of the investors and keep that credit work fresh. 
 So we'll certainly be evaluating our approach for those bonds as we go through the course of the year. Certainly rates are higher now than when we did that issuance. So we will take that into account, but we haven't made any decisions on level of refinancing or how we will do that at this point. In terms of the maximum target for M&A, we do value our strong investment-grade rating. So that's where we came out with that 1x target. Certainly, there is flex up in an M&A context, given the fact that we do generate a lot of cash and would be able to pay down that debt relatively quickly. 
 I think it would all depend on the circumstance and the transaction if we were to execute how far we would go on the leverage. So I don't have an exact target for you, but it's something that we do try and balance the use of debt and equity in our transactions as you've seen historically. 
Operator: Our next question Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. 
Brian Bedell: Maybe just come back to the treasury futures complex. To what extent is the portfolio margining in agreement with D2C contributing to the strong volume growth? Or is it just more of a side share relative to the other market dynamics? And then from the -- I appreciate it's very early [indiscernible] for this treasury dynamic but would that potentially change the gross margining agreement with DTC? 
 And if I could just squeeze in one more. I didn't see the revenue for EBS and BrokerTec for quarterly summary. I don't know if you can comment on those for 1Q. 
Terrence Duffy: Yes. Brian, we're going to have to kind of win this one a little bit because I think we heard about every third word that you said for some reason. I don't know what's going on in the line, but you kind of tapped out a few different times there. So can I just break this down? You asked about our treasury business, and you asked about DTCC and the offsets. Is that correct? And you asked about -- just give me the headline of the other things. 
Brian Bedell: Yes. Yes. Maybe this is clear. I was on my headset. Basically the contribution from the portfolio margining in your treasury volumes. Just to sort of categorically is it really helping? Or is it really more of the market dynamics? And then the back to the treasury clearing question, maybe it's early days, but does your application complicate things with the DTC agreement? 
Terrence Duffy: That's the part I missed. That's the part I missed. We got it. So I'm going to let -- I'm going to take your last question. But the first couple, I'm going to have Suzanne  Sprague, who heads up our clearing and risk, deal with those. Suzanne? 
Suzanne Sprague: Yes. Thanks very much for the question. So just on the participation in the existing programs, we have seen some new clearing members take direct membership to be able to take advantage of the cross margin program that is currently in place for health accounts between ourselves and the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation. I think it's hard to quantify how much of that would be new activity versus activity that may have been cleared as clients through existing clearing numbers prior to that. 
 Tim McCourt may be able to chime in a little bit on his thoughts there about the growth in that activity. But generally, our focus with the DTCC continues to be growing the participation in that program as well as extending that program to customers. So it's something that we've been working very closely as partners on and it's still important to us and thinking about the clearing mandate and bringing to market more efficiencies for those end clients that could be impacted by the current mandate as well. 
Terrence Duffy: Okay. Tim, you have anything to add? 
Tim McCourt: I think I mean, I'll talk about the relationship with DTCC. I think the one thing I would add is when we looked at the additive value of the CME one-pot portfolio margin where we have the futures against -- the futures and options against the swaps, is that has grown significantly over the years while it's hard to exactly draw a strict relationship that, as Suzanne said, those margin savings have grown to $7 billion to $8 billion last year per day, about $7 billion per day this year. 
 Along that, our interest rate complex has doubled in sort of volume and open interest. And that is the testament to believe if we focus on unlocking capital efficiencies for our clients, enabling them to more efficiently manage their risk, we would expect any further capital savings to have similar effects, but hard to say sort of what that coefficient of growth might be but we think it is a tailwind for our complex and the more we can do to unlock those savings, the better we will do on the transaction side for futures, options and [indiscernible] at CME. 
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Tim. I think that's really important. And let me just add, Brian, that on the relationship with DTCC as it relates to our treasury and clearing application, I have spoken to those folks before I said anything publicly about this. And what I also said publicly when we announced this is I do believe that DTCC has the most efficient offering in clearing of these products today. 
 We didn't create the mandate that's coming at us in 2026. We have an obligation, as I've told my friends at DTCC that we have to go through with this application. We don't know what's going to happen in 2026 when the mandate kicks in, what the market structure is going to look like? Is it going to change? It couldn't be the same? But I can't wait until 2026 to file an application. So that's why we're doing it now. 
 We are being prepared. And if we are going to use it, we'll use it and if it's not necessary because the better offering comes out of DTCC, with the efficiencies for the clients, we will stay with DTCC. So that's really where we stand on the relationship and the application if that makes sense to you. 
Brian Bedell: It's a great answer. 
Lynne Fitzpatrick: And then Brian, you just asked on the data point on the cash market -- yes. The total trading revenue for the quarter was $69 million, similar to Q4 and the total revenue from cash markets, including data and some of the connectivity was also consistent with Q4 at $92 million. 
Brian Bedell: Right. Okay. And between EBS and BrokerTec were similar to Q4? 
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. So if you break that out, BrokerTec was at $38 million in line with Q4 and EBS was at 31. That's just creating [indiscernible]. 
Operator: Our next question now is from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. 
Alexander Blostein: Question on the energy markets for you guys again. Definitely good to see momentum in overall volumes picking up here in April and over the course of the first quarter, but it looks like the market share trends between you guys and ICE and WTI continue to kind of move a little bit more towards ICE or those share gains have been relatively sticky. 
 You gave us a bit of an update, I think, last quarter on like the underlying composition of the mix kind of what's been driving that. So hoping you can update that and give us a sense of whether or not you're seeing any shift in the kind of underlying producers, consumers, more kind of core user base there. And if CME's working on anything to kind of call some of the market share back. 
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Alex. And let me just touch on the first point on the first quarter, especially as it relates to energy on the market share. The market share did not shift from Q3 into -- or Q4 into Q1 as it relates to market share. So I'm -- they're not continuing to supposedly take market share. 
 And again, the way we count market share is all of our different products that we have, including our Gulf Coast contracts that we did not maybe point out is clearly over the last several years, so I don't see the market share that you're referring to in Q1. As it relates to the other part of your question, I'm going to ask Derek to answer. 
Derek Sammann: Yes. Appreciate the question, Alex. So as Terry mentioned at the top of the call, the breadth and the scale, the diversity of the franchise here is, I think, yielding benefits for shareholders and certainly providing multiple ways that customers use us to manage risk. Energy delivered strong results in the first quarter this year, up 16%. When you look at the significant participants of where that business is growing, we saw the fastest growth of our biostatic commercial customers, and we saw record options level at the overall level as well. 
 When you look at energy being a key contributor to our non-U.S. growth, our non-U.S. growth in energy was up 38% this year as well as our record options volume up almost 60% and that's helping to drive a strong RPC of a little over $1.33 in the energy business. When you look at the core benchmark products, and I'll come back to the point Terry just made, when you compare our WTI contracts to ICE WTI contracts, our market share in Q1 was flat with Q4 about 74%. 
 When you look at our WTI options against ICE WTI options, we actually saw an increase in market share to 89% from 86%. So where we compete directly with ICE, we are either maintaining or growing that market share. So but let me talk a little bit about what's actually going on. When the U.S. is actually producing and exporting crude oil at record levels, follow that physical flow. And what does that mean? That means we have new and record amounts of non-U.S. customers that have exposure to U.S. crude and also Henry Hub to the same degree. 
 So that's an increasing set of customer participants that we have not seen before, which is why when you look at where the growth is happening, in our WTI complex, particularly, we're seeing our non-U.S. WTI growth of up 30% and our commercial customer is up 21%. So the very customers, whether it's the buy side or the commercial customers that are looking for that open interest and looking for the best exposure for the energy markets are coming to [indiscernible] WTI to manage that risk. 
 The other parts of the franchise that Terry talked about, our WTI franchise isn't just our WTI futures and options. It's our grades contracts, which continues to grow. We actually just exceeded our open interest in our grades contracts exceeding 600,000 contracts that's up almost 50% year-on-year to a new record. And Alex, that's important because 80% of that open interest holding is with commercial customers to have exposure to the global export market out of the U.S. and into Europe and Asia. 
 So when we think about that growth in the client segments and the regional growth, it's reflective of the physical flows going out into the rest of the world. Pivoting over to the benchmark Henry Hub side of the market, I'll say similar things to what Terry just talked about. When we look at our Henry Hub franchise, compare that to ICE's Henry Hub franchise, you actually see that not only have we set a record total Henry Hub volume for futures and options in first quarter of this year, but we've also hit records of underlying options as well. 
 From a competitive perspective, we actually grew our market share to 81% versus 80% last year, and that's up from 77% in 2022. And our options business was actually up as well. I think we're up at 66% market share, up from 59% market share last year. So we want to be clear, and I think Terry laid this out well, in the markets where we have competitive dynamics, where we have our Henry Hub contracts against listed elsewhere, our WTI contracts against listed elsewhere. We're maintaining stable share and we're growing the OI. So with that, I'll pass it back to you. 
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Derek. Again, Alex, hopefully that gives you some clarity. 
Operator: Our next question now from Ken Worthington with JPMC. 
Kenneth Worthington: I wanted to extend the competitive landscape question to rates, FMX is launching later this summer, do you see merits to the FMX value proposition? If so, which customer segments might FMX be best positioned to pursue and given that all have tried to compete with CME and rates in the past and have failed, what would you need to see to conclude that FMX might be different? 
Terrence Duffy: Ken, let me answer this in this way. First of all, I have sat here for 22 years as the Chairman and CEO of this company since we went public, and I've seen nothing but competition in my entire career. So this is no different. I take every single bit of competition seriously as I'm sure others do about CME as we continue to move our business forward. 
 We have about as much information as everybody else does and what their offering is, which is 0. I don't know what their offering is. And I won't say that the party, but Tim just referenced our one pop margining that saves an additional $7 billion to $8 billion a day. We also have an additional offset with FICC, which we just got approved which we have multiple clients using today that are exceeding 80% efficiencies using that service that we offer today. So we think we have a really strong offering going forward against whoever wants to compete in this product or any of our other asset classes. 
 So we feel like we're in a good position. We believe that capital efficiencies are the name of the game and you have to have them. And if you want to just do a me-too strategy, then people will do that. It's a very attractive business. I get it. But again, I think you have to have the capital efficiencies. It's hard to walk away from $7 billion to $8 billion a day in efficiencies, and it's hard to walk away from an additional 80 plus percent that they are receiving associated with FICC now and our new offering that we just accomplished in the last several months. So I think that's very powerful, and that's all I'll say about what they're doing. 
Operator: Our next question from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. 
Kwun Sum Lau: So just a quick one on the expense guidance. First quarter adjusted expense was lower than our expectation but you maintained the full year guidance. Is there any investment that you paused in the first quarter that you expect to incur over the next few quarters? Or there is some conservatism picking here? 
Julie Winkler: Thanks, Owen, for the question. So we do have some project-based work that we do expect to ramp up over the course of the year for things like the Google migration, securities clearing that we've mentioned on the call previously. You'll also see a ramp-up in terms of the consumption. So in the technology line as we're moving more into the cloud, we will see that grow over the course of the year. 
 So we do see some of those items growing as we move forward. And then we do typically see that higher spend related to marketing events in the fourth quarter. So there wasn't a particular pause. I just think it's timing on some of these project-based spend that we still expect to come through in the course of the year, making us comfortable with our guidance. 
Operator: Our next question from Michael Cyprys Morgan Stanley. 
Michael Cyprys: Just wanted to ask a question on the cash rate, BrokerTec business and interest rate swaps. Both of those have seen a bit more limited growth. I was just hoping you could unpack some of the drivers moving pieces there that you're seeing maybe you could touch upon the competitive landscape, how you see that evolving? And what sort of potential uplift could we see to the BrokerTec business and interest rate swaps business from the cross margining benefits that you have noted here on the call? 
 And then maybe you could speak to some other initiatives that can help accelerate growth as you look out over the next year or two. 
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Michael. I'm going to ask Tim to start, and I might join in as well and see where he goes. Tim. 
Tim McCourt: Great. Thanks, Terry. Thanks, Michael. Certainly, when we look at our BrokerTec business, volatility has come in since the start of the year and that tends to favor the internalization of flow with less being sent to our club. And that's what we've seen in Q1. So not necessarily surprising in that regard. 
 We still do get some of the risk layoff and the risk recycling into the club. So given the backdrop, not surprising where we are, but it's important to note that when we look at the U.S. Active club, that's only one part of the story for BrokerTec. U.S. repo had a strong quarter where that year-to-date ADV is just about $300 billion per day. That's up 5% year-over-year. And also the value prop of the BrokerTec platform remains extraordinary. 
 It's important that we focus on the totality of the risk management capabilities, myself and the team look forward to engaging with all of you in the other parts of our business to better understand and showcase things like repo and BrokerTec quote, which is now up to an impressive $45 billion to $50 billion per day. When we look at the interest rate swap business here at CME, still having a very strong quarter here in Q1, so seeing all sort of near record levels in the major 3 Latin American currencies that we clear. That is a growth story, but it's really important to Terry's earlier comments, these are all pieces of how we approach the totality of managing risk for the interest rate complex and the needs of our clients. 
 These things go together. It's important that when we look at what we've been able to achieve in OTC markets, what we've been able to do in providing continued risk management for BrokerTec, that's alongside record futurization in the treasury complex where our futures and options at CME remain the leading center of price discovery and risk management. 
 The treasury future is now at a record 113% of the cash market in terms of the value being traded every day. So you really have to look at all of the pieces of the puzzle together to understand the breadth of the offering here at CME... 
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Tim. You said what I was going to say. So that was very good. Not all, but I didn't have all. Michael, hopefully, that addressed your question as it relates to BrokerTec and what we're doing and where we look at from the percentages with others. 
Operator: Our next question now is from Simon Clinch with Redburn Atlantic. 
Simon Alistair Clinch: I mean most of my questions have been answered already, but I was wondering if you could just walk through sort of where we are in the long-term progress with the Google Cloud migration. And I'm curious as to -- if you could talk about the sort of innovations that you are coming up within partnership with Google to sort of deal with the back-end aims of that migration in terms of moving the rest of the business to the cloud, dealing with your co-location clients and things like that. So it's quite longer-term stuff, but interesting numbers. 
Terrence Duffy: So I'm going to turn it to Sunil, Simon, but on the back end of your question, we are obviously and I've said this from the beginning, we will wait until the work is completed. I'm assuming in the back end, you're referring to the markets going into the cloud. Is that where you were going? 
Simon Alistair Clinch: Yes, that's right. 
Terrence Duffy: So again, that is yet to be finalized and the data centers are yet to be finalized. We're working on all those things. But again, as I've said from the very beginning of this transaction, I will not put CME's markets into the cloud or any other platform unless it's better than, more efficient than what CME offers today to its clients. 
 So -- and when we get that, we'll make that final decision. But we have not seen that product yet. So it's -- they're working on it. And Sunil and his team are working on it. So we can't answer the back part of that question just yet. But Sunil can answer the beginning part. 
Sunil Cutinho: I'll answer 2 aspects of that question. One is related to migration of the nonmarket workloads. And there, we are making very good progress. We intend to migrate our clearing regulatory services and business intelligence services this year subject to regulatory approval, of course. And then the second aspect of it is the data platform. We spoke a little bit about it. What we've done is we stood up our data platform. 
 We have over 26 petabytes of rich historical information that includes our market data, instantaneous order book. So this information will be available for monetization in the future. We are adding to it risk information as we are migrating our clearing workloads and the risk information will be risk scenarios. And I spoke to that later as far as monetization of those in future cycles. 
Terrence Duffy: Does that answer your question, Simon? Okay. I think we lost Simon. But Simon, thank you very much for your question. 
Operator: Our next question is from Benjamin Budish with Barclays. 
Benjamin Budish: Maybe just following up on the last point on the market data side. Can you maybe talk about how you think about the longer-term growth potential of that offering? So it sounds like there's plenty of other opportunities to kind of increasingly add value to the package there. What about in terms of the client base? How do you think about the penetration of potential subscribers versus opportunities to kind of enhance what you're adding? 
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Ben. Good question. I'll turn it over to Ms. Winkler for a response. 
Julie Winkler: I think I will start where Sunil was talking. I mean I think as it relates to being able to have our consolidated data sets for cloud [indiscernible]. So as we think about easing onboarding to those tools and [indiscernible] to analytics, able to offer these guys. These are new opportunities that we otherwise did not have. And I think the ability to really facilitate access to customers more data. We're seeing a lot of interest in customers as well [indiscernible], more explainability or market model and this supports our business. 
 We're here to manage risk and our ability to be able to provide them data and insight much faster, we believe we match to help our data business, but also be additive to [indiscernible].  We continue to see strong demand on the professional subscriber side, drive data, as we talked about earlier, putting those onetime activity aside from [indiscernible] Q1 and we're still seeing strong plan and that is really a product [indiscernible] benchmark and that price discovery that we're [indiscernible].
 I'd say the participation regionally has also been extremely strong. And I think, selectively, we [indiscernible] just we have to continue to provide data set offering and to access to it but how are we leveraging our [indiscernible] that more attractive as part of the package? We had record cross-sell across [indiscernible] last couple of years to really making sure we are selling data and those services alongside our existing relatable products [indiscernible]. 
Operator: We now have a question from Alex Kramm with UBS. 
Alex Kramm: Just I wanted to pop back in for a model cleanup. Can you just, unless I missed it, give us an update on cash and noncash collateral rates you've realized, et cetera, stuff that I often ask anyways? 
Sunil Cutinho: Lynne? 
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Sure, Alex. So for the quarter, we averaged U.S. cash balances of about $76 billion, and we earned about 36 basis points on that cash. On the noncash, the average balances for the quarter were about $159 billion, earning 10 basis points. 
Alex Kramm: Any update how that's trending? I think cash seems to be trending a little bit softer, but maybe a quick update. I know it's only been 3 weeks. 
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. So far in April, our average U.S. dollar cash balance is about $73 billion and the noncash is averaging $160 billion -- $163 billion, so similar to what we saw in Q4 -- Q1, excuse me. 
Operator: Our next question from Eli Abboud with Bank of America. 
Elias Abboud: This is Eli Abboud from Craig's team. Given the prospect of new competition, I was hoping you could speak to the size of your network and interest rate futures. And maybe more specifically, how many unique firms are providing liquidity in rates futures on a daily basis? And when you look at the top handful of market makers, what proportion of liquidity provision are they accounting for? 
Terrence Duffy: Yes. Thanks, Eli. We don't -- I let Tim go ahead and answer it, and I'll jump in as well. 
Tim McCourt: Yes. Thanks, Eli. As you can understand, we don't comment on the number of exact firms providing liquidity in a given market or at a given time or who's in what provision program or what certain subset of participants might be doing. The anonymity of the cloud is an important part of the efficacy and efficiency of risk transfer and price discovery process here at CME but what I can tell you is that our network is strong for interest rate futures. 
 And to your question, while liquidity providers are an important part of this ecosystem, they are not the only part. We have a mix of customers percentage with different trading and risk management needs that leads to the efficient transfer of risk when the market and our participants needed most. If we look to the growing and record-setting ADVs in our complex or treasury futures and options, as Terry said, almost nearly 8 million contracts per day, we have record daily open interest levels in our combined futures complex -- sorry, combined rate futures complex of over 33 million large open interest holders topped a new record of 3,300 large traders just earlier this month. 
 And again, the capital efficiencies we've talked about at length on this call. When you combine all of these things, it's fair to say our network is immensely strong global in nature and is vital to allow our participants to continue to manage their risk. 
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Tim. Thanks, Eli. I appreciate your question. 
Operator: Our next question from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. 
Brian Bedell: My name is on the cash collateral, but I will squeeze one more in on rates, if I can. The basis trading, just if you want to -- if you can comment on your view on how that component of trading may continue to progress through the year. Clearly, there's a lot of value in the arbitrage process there. And of course, Tradeweb has made an acquisition of a systematic trade rates in. 
 Do you see that as expanding the activity in basis trading or the other way around? 
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Brian. Tim, do you want to continue? 
Tim McCourt: Sure, Brian. I think certainly, when we look at the basis trading, it's a trade that has persisted in the market now for several years. When we look at the combination of trading futures alongside cash, that's certainly something CME is uniquely positioned in our ability to help facilitate that. But it is important to note that basis trading does change some of the characteristics of how participants may be trading or the size they may be trading in and the different modalities they use. 
 So it's important for us to make sure we're working with all of the participants, whether they're banks, hedge funds, market makers or even other providers such as Tradeweb that you mentioned, they're all connecting to see me on the future side of the transaction so that's something that when we combine these assets together for BrokerTec and CME, that's a very hard thing for the marketplace to replicate. 
 So it's an important trade. It's continuing, and it's something with the rate environment we're in, we do expect it to continue, but hard to say if it will continue to grow or shrink from here. The important part is when clients need to manage that risk, we have both tools here at CME for them to be able to keep up. 
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Tim. Thanks, Brian. Appreciate the question. 
Operator: Our next question from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. 
Kwun Sum Lau: I know it's not material to your financials, but it's getting much attention recently. If the [ SEC ] were to defer security, how would CME respond to it? 
Terrence Duffy: Yes. Thanks, Owen. On the crypto, Tim? 
Tim McCourt: Thanks, Owen. It's certainly something that we've heard customers talk about markets whether or not either will become security. However, it's important to note our primary regulator, the CFTC as said unequivocally that either is a commodity. Based on that clarity, we have listed this product for years under the [ CDC's ] exclusive jurisdiction. The SEC did not have [indiscernible] when we listed the contract, but that will be the path we take forward until we learn otherwise with respect to our other futures and options here at CME Group. 
Terrence Duffy: But the way you asked your question is correct. This is not that material to CME. We are in this asset class, but we are not all in on this asset class. I think that's important. We're in the [indiscernible]. 
Operator: Our last question today from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. 
Michael Cyprys: I wanted to circle back on the Google Cloud migration and your migration of clearing services and market data to the cloud. Just curious how you think about new services that you could provide customers over time as well as new revenue monetization opportunities over time. And if you look out 5 to 10 years, I guess how do you see the evolution of your business as more of it over time will be moving to the cloud? 
Sunil Cutinho: I will answer the capabilities and then Julie Winkler will talk a little bit about the commercialization of them. So what we've done over the last 2 years is we've made margin calculation services available on the cloud. There are 2 types. One is your current margin calculation that was the first to be released following that we allowed clients to actually calculate historical calculations. Now we are allowing our clients to actually compute margin intraday so as you can see, we are progressing to give clients increased visibility into risk in a highly scalable way in far more real time. 
 The next thing we are going to introduce for our clients is optimization. We've talked a lot about portfolio margining. We've talked a lot about portfolio margining with multiple risk pools. Optimization is the ability to give clients the tools to move positions between these risk pools to get the best margin treatment. And we are speaking in that way. We're one of the clearing houses that provide fee services. So we are making that available on Google Cloud as well towards the end of this year as we migrate [indiscernible] Following that, we are releasing a few APIs to some of our services that can be accessed by our clients, our FedWatch API, which gives clients ability to participate in Fed actions that in our markets is now available. We have clients taking advantage of that. So I'm going to forward that now to Julie to talk a little bit about [indiscernible]... 
Julie Winkler: I mean I think Sunil touched on a few of the items that we have in process. There's certainly a distribution component to this, right? We have an extremely large market data distribution network today and being able to offer our data in the cloud gives us another avenue to do that. And it also allows us to do different data packaging than what we do today. 
 Our -- we can provide much more customization. For example, with the offering that we have today been live for a number of years [indiscernible] with Google. Customers can come to us if they just want say crypto data as one particular example. So it's a lot more flexibility, I would say, in the data packaging and the offering and the distribution. It allows us to also package that data in a way that it's much more consumable to our clients. 
 And we're working with our technology piece also find ways where we can create cloud environments where customers are taking the data for many different sources. So can we create, say, secure environments where they can bring in CME data and use it alongside their existing data, and we believe there's some commercialization opportunities among that as well. 
 And as I mentioned earlier, if you think about analytics and APIs, there will be commercial opportunities there. Some of that building on analytics that we already offer, but also how we're going to look to build new things that is going to take a little bit of time. And so I think I would think about that more of a slow burn as we set up those commercialization opportunities. 
 And ultimately, right, it's about how we have this data reinforce both the [indiscernible] that we're providing to our customers and also our transaction-based businesses. 
Terrence Duffy: Lynne, do you want to add? 
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. Just one thing to add there, Michael. How we commercialize these opportunities is still to be determined. These may be tools that we want to get in the hands of as many people as we can because they might lead to more growth and trading opportunities and just overall scalability of access to our market. So we could see benefits of this coming through trading and clearing fees. We could see specific products that we want to monetize through subscription-type fees. But that's to be determined where you will see that incremental revenue. 
Terrence Duffy: Michael that gives you some clarity [indiscernible]. 
Operator: This is the operator. I apologize for the technical difficulties experienced. Thank you very much for your patience. Now I'll hand it back to management for closing remarks. 
Terrence Duffy: Thank you. I appreciate that. And let me just say, I appreciate everybody that participated in today's call and those that can't, we look forward to continually communicating with you. I want to say one thing before we close, I think it's really interesting to look at CME. We've talked about all 6 of our asset class being up in Q1. That is a great sign. We've got a question about the health of the client. 
 I think that points to the health of the client and the expansion of the client and Julie Winkler and her sales team are out there creating new [indiscernible] and people are managing the risk. And we're saying that because open interest year-to-date is also up across all 6 asset classes. This is exactly what we've been talking about over the last 1.5 years as we talk about risk and needing to manage that risk. They're doing it across the board and new participants are coming in. That's a very expected [indiscernible] CME group. That being said, I want to thank each and every one of you for participating again today, and be safe. 
Operator: As we are concluded, again, thank you for your participation. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-14 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the CME Group Fourth Quarter and Year End 2023 Earnings Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Adam Minick. Please go ahead.
Adam Minick: Good morning, and I hope you are all doing well today. We released our executive commentary earlier today, which provides extensive details on the fourth quarter and full year of 2023 which we will be discussing on this call. I will start with the safe harbor language, then I'll turn it over to Terry. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statement. Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Lastly, on the final page of the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, Ill turn the call over to Terry.
Terry Duffy: Thank you, Adam. And as Adam said, thank you all for joining us this morning. Im going start by giving a little color on the broader environment. Following that, Lynne will provide an overview of our financial results and our 2024 guidance. In addition to Lynne, we have other members of our management team here to answer questions after the prepared remarks. 2023 was the best year in CME Group's history with a record average daily volume of 24.4 million contracts, up 5% from 2022. This growth was led by records in both agriculture and interest rate products, which for the year were up 17% and 16%, respectively. Options average daily volume across all asset classes also set a record with ADV of 5.1 million contracts, up 23% versus last year. Lastly, our non-US average daily volume increased to a record 6.8 million contracts. Last year, I referred to 2023 as a new age of uncertainty. And that uncertainty extended throughout the year. We experienced continued inflation, rising cost of capital, increasing geopolitical tensions and shifting perceptions around the Fed's interest rate policy. All of these factors contributed to our customers' growing need for risk management, capital efficiencies and demand for our products. Following the very strong performance of our business in 2022 and 2023, we have seen the speculation that our interest rate business could face headwinds based on the expectation that the Fed will start to lower interest rates this year. In my 40-plus years in the industry, I've observed that regardless of whether rates are going up or down, our volumes are typically higher during periods when the change of rates is uncertain as is the case today. I've never seen such a disparity in opinions on what the Fed may or may not do, and I believe that is a tailwind for CME Group and our rates products. I mentioned earlier that our interest rate volume was up 16% in 2023 with four Fed rate hikes during the first half of the year, building off record volume levels of 2022. In contrast to the view that a rising rate environment is optimal for our interest rate complex, our volume actually grew and accelerated since the Fed stopped raising rates in July of last year. In the six months from August of 23 through January of 24, our rates volume is up 24% year-over-year. I would also like to comment on the dynamics in the crude oil marketplace. Following the Russian/Ukraine war and other geopolitical factors that influenced the price of energy, WTI or West Texas Intermediate has become even more relevant to our customers in Europe and Asia and cemented its position as a primary reference price for crude oil globally. As the primary market for WTI trading, we continue to generate growth and expanded end user client participation through developing and investing in new contracts such as CME Group's Argus Gulf Coast contract. In a very short period of time, these contracts have generated significant commercial participation with current open interest over 500,000 contracts. As indicated by the open interest, it's clear that the commercial participants prefer CME Group's Argus Gulf Coast contract. We continue to remain focused on the growth of these contracts along with creating capital and technological efficiencies in the entire suite of CME Group's energy complex. This anchors CME Group as the global leader in West Texas Intermediate. Moving into 2024, we continue to see a wide range of views as it relates to the health of the global economy, whether it's inflation, unemployment or monetary policy. Also, there are ongoing geopolitical tensions and supply chain disruptions continuing in certain parts of the world. Additionally, we're approaching political elections in over 60 countries this year. The uncertainty of those elections and the policies that could come from that are basically unknown to all, which only leads to market participants continue to manage risk. All that being said, 2024 is still very much the age of uncertainty and our products remain critical risk management tools for our clients. We have seen this reflected in our strong start to 2024, where we delivered our highest January average daily volume in our history of 25.2 million, which is up 16% relative to last year. With that being said, I'm going to turn the call over to Lynne and we look forward to taking your questions.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Terry. In addition to the volume records Terry discussed, we delivered record financial results in 2023. Our revenue of $5.6 billion grew 11% compared to 2022. Our annual adjusted expenses, excluding license fees, were approximately $1.526 billion including $56 million related to our cloud migration. In aggregate, our adjusted operating expenses were $9 million below our annual guidance. Our adjusted operating margins for the year expanded to 66.9%, up over 200 basis points from 2022. We delivered $3.4 billion in adjusted net income, resulting in 17% earnings per share growth for the year. During the fourth quarter, CME Group generated more than $1.4 billion in revenue, a 19% increase from Q4 2022 with average daily volume up 17%. Market data revenue grew 9% from last year to $167 million. Expenses were very carefully managed and on an adjusted basis, were $490 million for the quarter and $393 million, excluding license fees and $16 million in cloud migration costs. CME Group had an adjusted effective tax rate of 21.7%, which resulted in adjusted net income of $865 million. Our adjusted EPS was $2.37, up 23% from the fourth quarter last year, and represented our tenth consecutive quarter of double digits earnings growth. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were approximately $23 million and cash at the end of the year was $3.1 billion. CME Group declared over $3.5 billion of dividends during 2023, including the annual variable dividend of $1.9 billion which was paid in January. Turning to 2024 guidance, we expect total adjusted operating expenses, excluding license fees but including cloud migration expenses, to be approximately $1.585 billion. Total capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances are expected to be approximately $85 million, and the adjusted effective tax rate should come in between 23% and 24%. Finally, in November, we announced transaction fee adjustments, which became effective February 1st. Assuming similar trading patterns as 2023, the fee adjustments would increase futures and options transaction revenue approximately 1.5% to 2%. Taken in aggregate with the fee changes for market data and non-cash collateral which took effect January 1st, the fee adjustments would increase total revenue by approximately 2.5% to 3% on similar activity to 2023. In summary, we are very proud of the results we were able to deliver as a firm this year, driving 11% revenue growth and 17% adjusted earnings growth from our previous record year of 2022. We'd now like to open up the call for your questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. Maybe, Lynne, just to start on expenses, can you talk about what the areas are for investment in 2024, and how that might be different than what we saw last where dollars went last year? And then also just on the Google partnership, can you update us on the progress there and maybe what you are expecting in terms of contribution as we think about 2024 and 2025 from that relationship?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Okay, sure. I'll start on the investment piece. So if you look at the guidance, we are expecting expenses to increase by $60 million year-over-year. That is inclusive of the migration spend. So of that $60 million, about $15 million is an increase in the migration expense. As a reminder, we do expect to have incremental migration expenses this year and next year before we get to cash breakeven and ultimately cash flow positive. The remaining $45 million in increase is related to core expense growth and that's in the 3% range, very similar to what we've seen historically. In terms of Google, I'll let some of my
Terry Duffy: Dan, Sunil and Julie will.
Sunil Cutinho: In terms of progress on Google migration, we intend on making substantial progress with migrating, clearing, business information systems and market regulatory systems to the cloud platform. Some of these regulated workloads are of course subject to have no objection approval from regulators, but we intend on making significant progress even on the data side. I'll now hand over to my colleague, Julie Winkler, who will talk about data and data product.
Julie Winkler: Thanks for the question, Dan. On the client side with Google, we've really been focused on areas that we believe are going to enhance our clients' abilities to really engage in our market and utilize these offerings. The technology with Google Cloud is something that we're able to leverage. And so our -- we've been really focused on where we can enhance our data service business. Things like performing the trade execution analytics that we've talked about, which is something very unique in terms of our ability to use proprietary data and benchmarking. And we expect to be rolling that out here in 2024. And also a lot of interest from our clients around supporting them to help them better manage their risk. And so looking at how we do that both with data and analytics that we are providing with them. So we're on track. We've continued to roll out a number of new data services products throughout the year. And as Sunil pointed out, the speed and velocity at which we're able to deliver has certainly increased now that our core data is in the cloud.
Dan Fannon: Great. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Dan.
Adam Minick: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Hey, good morning, everyone. Just wanted to come back to the pricing comments you made at the end of your prepared remarks there. I think 1.5% to 2% on the future side. I think that's kind of back to pre-inflation or high inflation environment, maybe even on the lower side. So can you maybe just talk about how you thought about the price increase this year? Seems like inflation is still somewhat elevated, but then obviously curious if -- to what degree client feedback, competitive dynamics are impacting that, if at all? Thank you.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Sure, Alex. Thanks. I think we look at it in several pieces. One is the clearing and transaction fee, which did increase in the 1.5% to 2% range, but keep in mind, we do think about the different levers of pricing and how they impact different parts of our customer base. So we did increase the collateral fees this year, going from 7 basis points to 10 basis points, and we did increase the market data fees as well. So in aggregate, the total fee change will result in about 2.5% to 3% in total increase in revenue. We want to make sure we're taking that balanced approach because different fee changes, like the transaction fees will impact certain segments, whereas collateral fees will impact different segments. We're always looking to balance that impact and make sure we're not overly burdening one part of our customer base.
Alex Kramm: Fair enough. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Owen Lau: Good morning, and thank you for taking my question. So CME and DTCC just launched the enhanced cross-moduling arrangement. Could you please talk about the initial feedback from your clients, and please remind us the implication to your clients and to CME longer term about this initiative? Thanks a lot.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Owen. I'm going to turn it to my colleague, Suzanne Sprague, the President of our Clearinghouse and heads up our Clearing and Risk, and she can give you some fairly good color as it relates to the DTCC arrangement.
Suzanne Sprague: Yeah, thanks, Terry, and thanks for the question. Although it is early days of the program since the launch just a few weeks ago, we do have eight clearing members that are live with the program, and some portfolios are already seeing consistent savings of 75% to 80%. So we're happy with the uptake of the program that we've seen so far, although it is early days and we continue engaging with those clearing members to increase the onboarding and the efficiencies that they're able to achieve through their portfolio savings.
Terry Duffy: And Owen, I think just to add to what Suzanne said, as you know, and others on the line know, over the last year or so, our former colleague that headed up their business, Sean Tully, talked about the efficiencies that would go along with getting us into the offsets with DTCC and in the ranges of anywhere from 40% to 80%. And so Suzanne's numbers of 75% to 80% are on the high end of what we were originally looking for. So this is a very exciting opportunity for us and more importantly, our client base.
Owen Lau: Very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Ken Worthington with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning, and thanks for taking the question. I wanted to dig further into your comments, Terry, on energy and market share and sort of business shifts in that market. You call that Argus as sort of a preferred crude contract. I was hoping to get more color on crude more broadly and also what you're seeing in gas. So for crude, what are you seeing in terms of share and participation? And to what degree is the addition of Midland to the Brent marker altering behavior? And in natural gas, it seems like options in globalization seem to be the story here. Was hoping you could provide some perspective.
Terry Duffy: Sure, Ken. There's a little bit to unpack there. So I'm going to take part of it. I'm going to take some of it and ask Mr. Sammann to comment on the gas and the back part of your energy question. But when we talk about our Argus contract, we're talking about a contract that is based out of the same region that there's a competitive contract trading as well. We're just pointing out that our contract is very much attracted by the large commercial participation with the reflection of over 0.5 million open positions compared to others in the same region that have the same risk characterizations as ours. So we think that's a very much a net positive for us. As far as market share goes, Ken, being around a long time, like unfortunately I said earlier, when you look at markets that are in a 10 month range of less than $10 a barrel in energy, you will see shifts in behavior shifts of percentage points here or there going back and forth, depending on what's going on, on any given day. So that doesn't surprise us. We've seen that historically since we acquired the New York Mercantile Exchange. So, those are things I'm not surprised by in this low-vol environment. So, that being said, let me -- if that gives you an understanding of what we're talking about in the Midland area and also about the percent changes going back and forth in low-vol times, and then I'll ask Derek to comment on the gas and the options as well, I think was the other part of the question.
Derek Sammann: Yeah, thank you. Let me take a step back a little bit, and I think it's important to note that our WTI franchise is bigger than just our CL contract. So, I want to point out a couple of ways that we continue to invest in, innovate, and grow our overall WTI portfolio in this range-bound and quiet volatility market. Terry mentioned one of those, which is the crude grades contracts, and that's a growth story with a significant participation from the commercial end user base, and that's reflective of WTI now being part of the Brent assessment, and that just means it further cements WTI as a global benchmark. Secondly, we continue to expand our WTI options franchise. We added -- expanded weekly expirations Mondays and Wednesdays. That's driving 35% growth in our crude and refined options business so far this year. Third, we continue to invest in our micro contracts. We have ADV over 100,000 contracts, 50,000 unique traders in that market, and the products overall have been a great entry point for new clients acquisition. A lot of these customers have never traded an energy contract before, so we continue to onboard new clients through that. So, all these products in our broader WTI portfolio reinforce WTI as the main benchmark globally, and it contributes strongly to the overall energy franchise growth we've seen into 2024, with overall energy up 21% and our options growth particularly up 87%.
Terry Duffy: Yes.
Derek Sammann: Pivoting over to natural gas, Ken, you're right. It's a significant story, and I think when you look at the fact that the US has now become a significant, both producer and exporter of natural gas, that really has positioned Henry Hub as a central benchmark globally for LNG as natural gas continues to be consumed globally. When you look at that business over the course of last year, you've seen significant growth. Globalization, you're absolutely right, when you continue to see the growth that we've seen in 2023, we saw our European nat gas volumes up almost 50%, and we're seeing that business up almost 100% so far in the first six to seven weeks of 2024. When you look at both the commercial participation, natural gas was up 30% with our commercial participants last year. It's up 50% so far this year, and the buy-side clients was up 50% last year and 80% this year. So, it's a global story. It's a story that's being adopted by buy-side and commercial participants, and it's a global story for us. I think the last piece of that is the central role that options continues to play in markets as volatile as we have seen in natural gas. Options are the optimal tool for the way customers interact with this business. So, when we look at our nat gas options, this has set a record last year of over 150,000 contracts, up over 40%, and the vast proportion of that was on screen. And 2024 has started extremely strong with almost 300,000 contracts so far a day, and nat gas options up over 100%. So, overall, it's a globalized story. It's one where we continue to engage and one that's real to our story.
Terry Duffy: Ken, hopefully that gives you a little bit of color on the energy markets in the Gulf Coast and other places.
Ken Worthington: That was excellent. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Next question is coming from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks. Thanks for taking my question. If I could just ask a two-parter, just one on a -- little bit of a clarification on the market data price increase that's coming into that 2.5% to 3%. If I back out the collateral increase from [7% to 10%] (ph), it looks like the market data increase is maybe less than the increase for the RPC. I just wanted to gauge that. And then just secondarily, maybe just if you can talk about the development of incremental trading volume from the [DTC] (ph) arrangement, just your views on to what extent that capacity increase for the clients will make its way into more trading volume and the rates come up.
Terry Duffy: Okay. Thanks, Brian. Lynne will touch on the data as the market data pricing changes that you referenced. And then I'll have Tim McCourt and probably myself touch a little bit on the trading volume as it relates to DTCC and the arrangement associated with it. Lynne?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah. So the pricing changes that went into market data were in the range of 3% to 5% across the majority of our data products. The total impact is going to come down to the subscriber count, the customer and product mix, just like we see on the transaction side. But most of the products went up in that 3% to 5% range.
Terry Duffy: Does that get to your question on the data, Brian?
Brian Bedell: Yes, that answers that. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Okay, so on the trade volume question that you had is relates to the DTCC arrangement, is that the second part?
Brian Bedell: Yes. In terms of your expectations for volume improvement, given the capacity improvement from the client base that's trading and rate interest.
Terry Duffy: We're always cautious on expectations, but let me go ahead and have Tim start a little bit with the client base on how they're reacting to it. And I think you got a little bit of a flavor for it on the previous answer that Ms. Sprague gave as it relates to the clients that are using it already getting the 75% to 80% efficiencies with their margin portfolios. But Tim, let me turn to you for some comment.
Tim McCourt: Thanks, Terry, and thanks, Brian. As Terry said, it's very difficult, almost impossible to forecast the impact on trading volumes going forward. But if we look back over the years, increasing capital savings and delivering capital efficiencies to clients has been a strong tailwind for our business in terms of increasing the ability of our clients to manage risk at CME by unlocking those capital efficiencies. And if we look at an analog, perhaps, is when we look at the portfolio margin savings or our futures and options conflicts against the cleared interest rate swap business, that has grown over the last several years to about $7 billion to $8 billion of savings per day. And we've seen commensurate growth in volume NOIs. Hard to draw a strict relationship, but tried and true is increasing capital efficiencies, increase the ability of our clients to efficiently manage their risk, provide enormous volume benefits in terms of the offsets available, and we'll continue to watch it developing, but hard to give an exact number at this point in time.
Terry Duffy: And Brian, the only thing I would add to that, you have to look at what we talked about earlier today, and you see the entire 2023, especially going into the end of Q3 and the beginning of Q4 of 2023. We saw the record open interest in our treasury complex across the curve, which is very encouraging for us. So, from our standpoint, owning a cash platform and owning the largest listed business in the world, this is very exciting for us. We've talked all along about futurization of products. You're seeing that more and more every single day, the electronification of different products. And with the growth in our rates business going into last year, I think was just another example that with the record open interest in trade coming into our treasury complex. So, from the growth, it's hard to say what the growth is coming from or what's driving it, but by owning both platforms, we get the benefits either way, and we saw the benefits really materialize on the future side in 2023, especially in Q4.
Brian Bedell: That's great perspective. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Benjamin Budish with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Budish: Hi. Good morning, and thanks for taking the question. Terry, in your prepared remarks, you talked about expanding end-user client participation. I was wondering if you could expand upon that a little bit, both in the energy complex. And on the rate side -- on the rate side, are you seeing sort of more activity from your existing client base? Are you seeing more participation from maybe new institutions that are increasingly engaging in the sort of risk management behavior? Yeah, thank you.
Terry Duffy: Yeah, thanks, Benjamin. And I'll start with the rates just for a minute, and my colleagues can jump in if they'd like, especially Julie Winkler, who's in charge of our new client acquisition. But on the rate side, I think a lot of it goes to what I just said on the futurization of the marketplace and people trading more and more futures contracts versus maybe particular other venues. And that's an ebb and flow situation. So I'm not saying it's going to continue at the pace it continued in '23, and I'm not saying it's not either, though. So I like the way the trajectory is. And I think a lot of the clients, when you look at what happened with the duration risk through 2023 for a lot of different participants, they are now looking at using the marketplace, which are most deep liquid markets, which are ours, to mitigate and manage that risk. So I think we're seeing it from them. As you know, the direct clients, we can see, but some of them are coming through our major banks, so we don't know exactly who the client is to the person or the entity. But you can definitely see that people are looking at the fundamentals that are going on around the world and using our marketplace to use it. So I think that's part of the new clients. On the energy side, I think when you look at the new clients, I think you'd have to be exceptionally excited by the commercial energy participants that Derek referenced, especially in the Gulf Coast contracts. We're looking at close to 80 different commercial participants that are trading in those Argus contracts that we referenced earlier. So that's a growth for us on the energy side. So this is all part of it. So we're not just looking at retail or other proprietary trading. We're looking at true commercial participation, which is a reflection of the health of anyone's marketplace. So I think that's what's really exciting for us as we look at the new clients coming into our marketplace. And I'll ask my colleague, Ms. Winkler, to make some further comments.
Julie Winkler: Yeah. I think Terry is absolutely right. And the two segments that I would just hone in on, Benjamin, that we saw particularly double-digit growth from last year was really the buy side and the commodities, or sorry, the commercial segment as well. And so when we look at that, we saw really strong ADV from asset managers, again, double-digit, the [semi-buy] (ph) side clients that really are looking at our products because of the regulatory environment, the liquidity, and also the capital efficiencies that we offer. And so the products that I'd say they were most interested in and what we saw, almost half of that growth was coming from interest rates with all of the volatility and movement that we saw last year, but also a lot of interest in our commodity suite. So hedge funds, managed funds that are really looking at CME's agricultural portfolio, and also more esoteric products, things that we offer like milk and lumber, because they're looking to diversify the risk profiles and also access those uncorrelated markets. And so it's another sign of our really diverse product portfolio, meeting customer needs. On the commercial side, double-digit growth, both in terms of revenue and ADV last year. And that was really as they were looking to hedge their physical positions, manage that risk exposure, saw good uptake in some of our new industrial metals, the energy companies that we talked about before. And I think this trend speaks to the transparency, the efficiencies, and the well-regulated futures markets that we offer. And then internationally, I think, particularly in Europe, on the short-term interest rate side, we saw some really strong performance and also interest across our commodities and FX suite. So I think we have a lot to build on as we look into 2024, but very strong performance in those areas last year.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Julie. And, Benjamin, let me end on this note as it relates to that. I think it's really important and we don't state it enough. As it relates to our rates business, especially, you look at some of the largest participants who I referenced earlier, between their activity in swaps and futures, and futures is a critically important point here, they're saving roughly $7 billion to $8 billion a day in margin efficiencies where they could deploy that capital in other activities, whether it's trading other parts of their business. That's hard to replicate. And that's a benefit to the largest clients in the world that can use that money to be deployed elsewhere. So that has grown substantially since 2015. So that's been a big growth driver for us over the last 8.5 to nine years as well.
Benjamin Budish: All right, great. Thank you for all the color.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Hey, everybody. Good morning. Thanks for the question. I was hoping we could dig into the equity business a little more and specifically just talk about the competitive dynamics between you guys and Cboe's contracts. We've seen the divergence and kind of volumes in market share for a couple of quarters now. So just curious to hear what you're seeing with respect to underlying clients and what you have in the works to narrow that gap. Thanks.
Terry Duffy: Yeah, it's a good question, Alex. I'll turn it over to Mr. McCourt. He'll start and I'm going to jump in as well, and maybe Ms. Winkler also. So go ahead, Tim.
Tim McCourt: Thanks, Alex. I think before we get to the market share point, it's important to note that equity options on futures here at CME had a record 2023 doing over 1.4 million contracts and had consecutive record months in Q4 as we headed into the end of the year. And also important to note here in January on the recent activity up over 1.5 million contracts per day. So our equity option franchise at CME is continuing to grow, but there are certainly dynamics in the marketplace around the same day expiring or zero DTE options that are changing the dynamics. But it's important to know that it is a growth versus growth story. Here at CME, our same day expiring options on the S&P 500 E-mini future are up 70% in Q4 2023 versus 2022. But it's also interesting to note they only make up about 26% of our volume in Q4 of 2023. And our open interest is up between 20% to 24% outside of zero DTE when we look over 2023 and 2024. So it's a very strong growth story here at CME. It's not only a zero DTE story. And when we look at the relative participation of our market, it is important to note that we have gained share since the low that we observed over the summer at the peak of some of the zero DTE trading, trading picking up several percentage points of share back. It's also important to note when we look at our global offering nearly 24 hours a day, we remain the leader across the globe, particularly in non-US trading hours, where that relationship is practically inverted against SPX and E-mini options remain the product of choice for those investors outside the US and outside of the normal US trading day. So you really have to look at all the facets of our business which continue to grow and continue to serve a vital part of risk management for our clients and the marketplace.
Terry Duffy: And I think just to add to what my colleague said, Alex, I think it's really important that we, when he references the risk management of these, we're a risk management institution and we're looking at massive amounts of open interest that have portfolio margin associated with them that cannot be replicated at other entities, so we -- to the degree we can. So we are really excited about our equity franchise. We do recognize, so we're not saying we don't recognize the growth that has been in zero DTEs. As you know, our zero DTEs expire into futures and theirs expire into cash. That has been a difference that it seems that the retail participants seem to like a little bit more than the professional participant. So we are obviously looking at different things as this continues to evolve.
Alex Blostein: Very helpful. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Kyle Voigt with KBW. Please go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Hi. Good morning. So last week you announced that you'll be rolling out US Corporate Bond Index futures this summer. I think other venues have attempted to launch credit index futures in the past, and it historically has proven difficult for those products to gain sufficient adoption. Just wondering if you could go into some detail about why you think the time is right for this product, why your effort may be different here, and then also provide some color on customer demand that you're seeing for the product as well?
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Kyle. Tim?
Tim McCourt: Thanks, Terry. Thanks, Kyle. Great question. We're pleased to announce earlier this month that we entered into the IPO arrangement with Bloomberg to offer futures on their corporate bond futures for both high yield and investment grade with futures coming online summer of 2024. Still all the details are coming, but it's important to note, I think when we look at credit, is in this market with the increasing rate environment and the increasing dynamics and relationships diverging between equities and rates market, Introducing credit products to the market makes complete sense to offer another tool to our clients to manage the risk as it manifests in all parts of their portfolio, whether it be equity, rates, or single name credit. I think it's also interesting to note is that when we look at this universe in general and partner with Bloomberg, we are also tapping into a well-established ecosystem around these indices around other exchange traded products and structured products that are available. So this is a very welcome tool for clients. We've heard overwhelming feedback over the last several months during the validation process that this will be additive. It will help them in other parts of the credit market. And we're looking forward to bringing these products to market, work with our participants to make sure that they continue to grow. And I would just encourage you to stay tuned for more details as we approach this.
Terry Duffy: And so Kyle, let me make a few more points on this. I think you said it in your question, timing. Timing is everything as it relates to certain products and certain product launches. So I don't think a lot of people would have believed that the short end of the curve was going to continue to be the attraction point for as long as it has been to date. We listed a T-Bill contract where someone would say, well, geez, we haven't had that since 1980 or 1981. Why did you bring that back out? Well, the cost for us to do that is very de minimis. And we can get these contracts out there quickly. And if people need to manage risk, even if it's small at that current period of time, it's a good thing for CME. So I think when you look at the corporate bond market, timing is everything. And we're not trying to nail the timing perfectly, but we want to make sure that these products are available if in fact people need to manage their risk more closely today than they did when others [prior] (ph) listed these contracts. So you never know and again, these are not big lifts for CME. We can continue to do it, but we also have other value-added propositions that some others don't when we list new contracts.
Kyle Voigt: Great. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask on post-trade services, the JV that you have with S&P, OSTTRA. It's been nearly three years since the OSTTRA JV was created. I was hoping you could speak to the growth that you've seen, how well penetrated is the offering today, and speak to where you see some of the biggest growth opportunities ahead in post-trade services and some of the steps you guys are taking to accelerate growth? And then also, if you could touch on the competitive backdrop, that would just be interesting to hear. Some others are looking to take share in processing and risk management.
Terry Duffy: It's a great question, Michael. We haven't talked too much about that. So I appreciate the opportunity to discuss it real quick on the call. I'm going to turn it to Lynne, but I'm going to make a few comments as it relates to it as well because I think it goes into the strategy we originally acquired NEX in the cash markets and also the post-trade services that came with it and what our thought process was. So I'll save those comments and I'll let Lynne go first.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah. So, thanks Mike. I think one of the things that we've been excited about is the JV that we were able to establish with originally IHS and now S&P. It was bringing together additional assets in the space to bring scale to that joint venture. So being able to cover multiple asset classes from FX, interest rates, credit, being able to have the services span across that back office of the customer base has been really important and is a good foundation to grow from. So, I think we've been excited about the prospects there. There certainly are always competitors in that space and people looking at that space. It's one that continues to need improvement in terms of where banks are looking for efficiencies. We've talked a lot about capital efficiencies. This is an area where it is important to the customers to have that service and have consistent approach there. So I think it's one where we continue to look for opportunities to expand the reach of that joint venture now that it's a trusted provider across a lot of the major asset classes.
Terry Duffy: I have nothing more to add than that because I think Lynne summed it up. That's where I was going to go with the benefits of once we acquired the business, getting focused on the cash markets to complement our futures markets was something we're really excited about with NEX. And then when you look at the post-trade services and now having the JV, I think that was nothing but a bonus for us to be able to do that with IHS and then ultimately with our partner at S&P Global. So I think Lynne summed it up quite well.
Michael Cyprys: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Simon Clinch with Redburn Atlantic. Please go ahead.
Simon Clinch: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. There's quite a bit been written about the hedge fund basis trade recently and I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about, I guess how you think that that particular trade has scaled, how it's impacted your business, and what you would expect if or when it starts to unwind as the Fed shifts from QT to QE at some point? Just Some thoughts on that would be really useful. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Simon. Tim?
Tim McCourt: Great. Thanks, Simon. As we've talked about over the last several months, the basis trade remains an important part of keeping these markets in line and the efficient transfer of risk between the related markets of cash and futures. It's something that gets a lot of talk, I think, just given the increase in the size of that trade, but it's also important to remember when we look at how that trade is grown and the participants on that trade with respect to increasing the size over the last several months and years is, it is proportionate to the debt outstanding and the debt issuance of the market. So it's scaling in sort of a linear fashion to that. And it's important to put it in context. Just can't discreetly look at the size of the trade and compare it to something over a decade ago without the larger context of what's going on with respect to the debt [market issuance in the] (ph) treasury markets themselves. So it's something that remains efficient for the marketplace. It's an important part of the risk management tool. And something also important to remind folks in this discourse on this topic is that we do have our own margin and risk management system with respect to the treasury futures side that remains as it is regardless if you're trading against the basis or trading in outright. We have all our risk management in place. So I think it's just important for people to understand when they're looking at the basis trade to really understand the benefits it provides to the market and make sure we're accurately talking about the future side and the cash side. But I think it's something that will continue. And it's -- as similar to my other comments, very hard to speculate on what might happen in the event of an unwind or as we continue to move further into the QT cycle in the rates environment. That's something that, as Terry said in his opening remark, it's more important that in these uncertain times that we are here to help clients manage that risk and we'll do that regardless of what's happening in any of the one specific asset classes but it's something that we'll have to make sure we're continuing to serve our clients needs. That's what's important going forward rather than necessarily trying to quantify an impact from a volume perspective.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Jim. Thanks, Simon.
Simon Clinch: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Chris Allen with Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Allen: Yeah, good morning everyone. Thanks for the question. I wanted to ask on energy, which obviously globalization is having a positive impact here and I think longer term energy transition will be structural catalyst. Kind of curious how you're thinking about energy transition impacting other asset classes, namely whether there's an impact you see in ags and metals and then the growth opportunity moving forward?
Terry Duffy: You got it, Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yeah. So I think we've talked about this in the past. We're seeing the lines of distinction blurring between energy traders, ag traders and metal traders. So when you look at kind of the growth of the commodities portfolio, and Julie touched on this a little bit earlier, overall, the portfolio grew very strongly last year, metals up 15%, ags up 17%. So it's not just a function of crossing asset class lines, it's functionalizing adoption of our benchmarks as well. We're seeing our biggest grains traders move into energy. We're seeing our biggest energy producers move out into things like soybean oil and voluntary credit market. So that's the benefit of having a single platform, where we have been able to put up record volumes in participation in our commodities portfolio as a whole. Julie also referenced earlier the strong participation we've seen from buy-side and commercial customers across ags, energy and metals. We saw buy-side client growth last year, up 30%. Commercials across all energy, ags and metals were up 15%. So I think it's a story of making sure, Terry mentioned this point earlier, having the right products in the right market circumstances. We have the benchmarks. We have the liquidity, futures and options, leading technology, best-in-class capital efficiencies across these asset classes. And I think it's generated the results that we put forward.
Terry Duffy: Lynne? Thanks, Derek. Lynne?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: One part I just wanted to highlight that Derek said, we do have the customer bases and the network across these asset classes, so energy, ags, metals. And when those lines are blurring, we already have that network. So we're making sure that we have those products available for those customers to trade. As this transition develops, we can be that natural home for those customers that are already here at CME.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Chris.
Derek Sammann: Thanks, Chris.
Chris Allen: Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Good morning everyone. My question is on the November pricing schedule update. You didn't increase pricing on a rate. So we're curious to why you didn't touch rates.
Terry Duffy: Let me just touch on that a little bit, Craig, because I don't want you to read any more into it than where it's at. You've got to remember, we just came off of the biggest transition of a benchmark from LIBOR to SOFR. And we thought it was really important to let the market continue to mature, even though we've become the natural home for SOFR, I think we're just at 100% of the market. There's a handful -- is that fair? 99.9% of the market is now at CME. From my standpoint, as I look at the pricing with my team and I look at some of the rates businesses, I really believe it was important to let that benchmark continue to mature. And I didn't think it was appropriate to raise them on the mature products right now as we're going through a cycle where risk management continues to be critical. We had a great expansion, as I said earlier, from what I believe is a movement a little bit from cash into futures. And I don't want to ruin that momentum. I want to let it continue to flow. But again, it was basically around the maturity of the SOFR futures contract and the options associated with it. So that was really my thinking with my team when we did the pricing on the rates. Lynne?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah, the only thing I would add to that is keep in mind, Craig, because we were incenting the SOFR product over the last couple of years, as those have rolled off, we have had some pricing -- natural pricing increases as the incentives have rolled off. So they weren't necessarily on the exact pricing change, but they were related to those incentives that have rolled off over time as it's matured.
Terry Duffy: Does that give you a little color why we did it, Craig?
Craig Siegenthaler: No, that's perfect. Thank you, Terry.
Terry Duffy: Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you, sir.
Operator: And our next question is a follow-up question. It's coming from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Hey, hello again. I think we have a little bit extra time. Just a couple of modeling cleanup questions here. One, just to come back to the pricing question from Craig. Can you actually, from a modeling perspective, help us where we would see the biggest impact on RPC? I know we can probably look at your pricing schedule, but it's thousands of lines. And then I have another one after that.
Terry Duffy: Okay. Lynne?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah. It's fairly well spread. I would say equities in agriculture probably were a bit higher than some of the other asset classes, but it's fairly well spread with the exception of rates, which we just discussed.
Alex Kramm: Great. Thank you. And then my other one, I don't think anybody has asked yet, but can you just give us an update on balances in the Clearinghouse cash and then obviously non-cash collateral, the return you had, and then maybe related to that, when I look at some of the data that we track on that, it seems like the cash balances have been super consistent over the last one, two quarters. So just wondering if there's anything you would point to why we may have found a floor to those declines that we had seen in cash balances over the last couple years? Thanks.
Terry Duffy: I'm going to jump in before Lynne does and I'm going to ask Suzanne too also, you can go ahead. But I think what's interesting is, Alex, on that point we've seen some really massive fluctuations in that cash balances that go up and down in a very short period of time. I mean, I'm talking about days. So it's really hard to say if there's a floor on that or not or if there's a ceiling on that or not because it does fluctuate and I think after you saw some of the recent numbers as of yesterday, I think it caught some people offside a little bit and that we don't know what that means to our cash balance at the Fed or not. So I think it's quite fascinating what's going on right now and I think that's going to be a bit of a pattern this year. So I don't want to draw too much conclusions on where that balance is going to be at or not but it's really going to be hard for us to predict what our floor could possibly be on it. Go ahead, Lynne.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah and just to provide you a little more of the data, Alex. So for Q3 our average cash balances were $91 billion. In Q4, the average was $75 billion and we've seen that $75 billion continue in the early parts of Q1. The earnings on the cash balance was consistent with last quarter at about 36 basis points. On the non-cash side, in Q3 we were at $137 billion on average. In Q4, that went up to $153 billion. Just a reminder that was at 7 basis points in Q4 and increased to 10 basis points here in Q1. In the early part of Q1 through February 6, our average is $160 billion on that fee eligible non-cash.
Alex Kramm: Fantastic. Thanks for the follow-up.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: And our last question in queue is a follow-up. It's coming from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Owen Lau: Hi, thank you for taking my follow-up. So it has been more than one month after the launch of spot Bitcoin ETF. Could you please talk about how it has impacted CME Bitcoin futures and futures ETF? Do you think it's a net positive for CME? Just want to get your thoughts on this space. Thanks a lot.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, John. Tim can comment and I won't be able to help myself, I'll make a comment as well.
Tim McCourt: Thanks, Owen, for the question. Certainly we've seen finally the long awaited approval of the spot based ETFs on Bitcoin. And it's certainly a interesting and positive development for the ecosystem more broadly. We're hearing from customers, our futures remain a central tool for the market makers of that ETF for those who are looking to create or redeem against the futures instead of the cash process. So it's something that we've also seen strong growth both on open interest and in volume of our complex in response to the run-up that's also remained here into February. To put that in perspective, January was our best month ever in terms of average daily open interest, [tapping] (ph) four consecutive months of average daily open interest all-time highs, where the average daily open interest reached a record of almost 23,600 contracts, which is the equivalent of about $5.1 billion US dollars. But also on the volume side, the futures suite reached an all-time high of about 67,000 contracts or almost $6 billion per day in January and our micro suite for the crypto products grew four times, a four-fold increase in September, all in response to the market dynamics around the ramp to launch and the subsequent trading activity of the launch of spot Bitcoin ETF. We also remain the top Bitcoin futures exchange by open interest, and we expect this ecosystem to continue to grow as we see the interrelated products be adopted by the market and CME Bitcoin futures and our Bitcoin reference rate will remain at the center of price discovery for this continuing growing ecosystem.
Terry Duffy: And, Owen, the only thing I would add to that, we've heard for a lot of years, what does it mean when an ETF versus a future? Are they competitive in certain asset classes? All we have seen is the futures continue to grow as they list ETFs, as people need to do risk management, as other people are taking passive interest in some of these ETFs. So I think the ecosystem is good as it continues to grow. Tim just outlined some of the numbers. So I don't see this any different than some of the growth of our other products. I actually am very encouraged by this.
Owen Lau: Thanks a lot.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions. I'd like to turn it back over to management for closing remarks.
Terry Duffy: We want to thank you all very much for covering CME. We're excited by the quarter. We look forward to talking with you next quarter. We think it's going to be a busy year and look forward to answering any other questions you have for us on follow-ups as we go forward. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the CME Group Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, well conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Adam Minick. Please go ahead.
Adam Minick: Good morning. I hope you're all doing well today. We will be discussing CME Groups third quarter 2023 financial results. Ill start with the safe harbor language then Ill turn it over to Terry. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Lastly, on the final page of the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, Ill turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Adam, and thank you all for joining us this morning. We released our executive commentary earlier today, which provides details on the third quarter of 2023. I'll make a few brief comments on the quarter and current outlook, and Lynne will summarize our financial results. In addition to Lynne, we have other members of our management team present to answer questions after the prepared remarks. Turning to the most recent quarter, average daily volume of 22.3 million contracts was less than 1% off the record Q3 high set in Q3 2022 while our revenue grew 9% to $1.34 billion, which is the highest Q3 revenue in CME Group's history. As we've mentioned throughout this year, we are operating in an environment that unquestionably requires risk management. With so much uncertainty in the world we live in, we're continuing to work closely with our clients to help them navigate uncertainty and manage their risks. This is particularly true in the interest rate markets today. We see divergent market views around inflation, unemployment, monetary policy and ongoing geopolitical tensions, all impacting future interest rate expectations. Regardless of whether rates rise, fall or hold steady, the shape of the yield curve and interest rate views continue to shift, and our customers need to manage that risk. As a result, we have continued to see growth on top of the record year end 2022 for our interest rate business. This was our highest Q3 for our interest rates complex, up 6% from the same quarter last year. We saw particular strength in the treasury complex, which was up 16% in the quarter and is off to a strong start in Q4 as well. Completing the successful migration of Eurodollars to SOFR, we continue to list other products to complement our interest rate complex today. Our European short-term rate or ESTR contracts traded a record 10,000 contracts per day in September. Our newly listed treasury bill futures launched on October 2, and we have traded over 15,000 contracts in the first three weeks. This is one of the most successful launches of a raised product ever. Our broad product offering and focus on capital efficiencies such as the enhanced cost margining agreement with DTCC going live in January of 2024 continue to enhance the value proposition for our customers using our products to manage their interest rate exposure. On the commodity side, third quarter 2023 volume was up 15% in total and included the highest ever Q3 volume for our agricultural products. Our energy complex also performed well with volume increasing 16% from last year. We believe the current environment for this asset class will continue to bring new clients as well as existing ones to manage their exposure in our global benchmark. We believe the strong macroenvironment, combined with our diverse set of asset classes and strategic execution across our growth initiatives, positions us well for continued growth in 2023 and beyond. With that, I'll turn it over to Lynne to cover the third quarter financial results.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Terry. During the third quarter, CME generated $1.34 billion in revenue, up 9% compared with a strong third quarter of last year. Clearing and transaction fees and market data revenue each grew 9% versus Q3 2022. Expenses continue to be very carefully managed and on an adjusted basis, were $448 million for the quarter and $369 million excluding license fees, both lower than the second quarter this year. This quarter, our investment in the cloud migration was approximately $13 million. Our adjusted operating margin for the quarter expanded to 66.5%, up approximately 240 basis points compared with the same period last year. CME Group had an adjusted effective tax rate of 22.8%, which resulted in net income of $818 million and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.25, each up 14% from the third quarter last year. Of the $110 million increase in revenues versus last year, we were able to drive 90% to the bottom-line with adjusted net income up $99 million. As a result of the strong expense discipline throughout the firm, we are lowering our core expense guidance, excluding license fees to $1.475 billion, a $15 million decrease from our original guidance of $1.49 billion. We are maintaining our guidance of $60 million for our cloud migration expense for a total expense guidance of $1.535 billion excluding license fees. We continue to manage our capital expenditures effectively with an eye towards our move to the cloud. As a result, we are lowering our CapEx guidance to $85 million. For the quarter, our capital expenditures were approximately $18 million. CME paid out $2.8 billion of dividends so far this year and cash at the end of the quarter was approximately $2.5 billion. Our strong financial results this quarter continued to build on the strength achieved in the first half of the year. This quarter, we delivered our ninth consecutive quarter of double-digit adjusted earnings growth. Our global benchmarks, data and strong focus on innovation and execution continue to address the needs of our clients and deliver results for our shareholders. Please refer to the last page of our executive commentary for additional financial highlights and details. We'd now like to open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open now.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. Terry, a question for you on M&A. You've been vocal about your financial capacity to do additional transactions. I was hoping you could talk about kind of the scope and what you're looking at. And also, in the context of the current environment, why now? Have valuations come in? Are your competitors distracted with other deals or other tasks? So curious about the current backdrop of what you're thinking about and really the scope and what that may look like?
TerrenceDuffy: Yes. Thanks, Dan. I think that's the reason why people sometimes need to read the whole story and not just the headline because if you read the whole story, I haven't said anything different than what I've said for several years is, I was only stating facts to the point where our capacity is much greater than everybody else's because we've stayed very disciplined and very focused as it relates to our M&A transactions that we've done. I was only referring to our EBITDA being lower than one times compared to some of our competitors who were at multiples of that. When asked the question, if deals are to be offered, I made the reference to the comment that where else would you want to shop something but the CME? It doesn't mean that CME is interested, but that's all I was referencing. So my appetite for this hasn't changed a bit. We have not looked at anything that I -- to a point where I said, okay, we want to do a deal. I was only referencing what I've been saying for a number of years. And unfortunately, the headlines say what they're going to say. So there's not much more I can say about it than that, Dan. But again, nothing has changed from our discipline. And again, if I -- we see something and I said this publicly and I believe this, if we see something that benefits our users and benefits our shareholders, we will take a very strong look at it to build and grow this great company. That's all I was saying.
Dan Fannon: Great. Thank you.
TerrenceDuffy: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Patrick Moley with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Patrick Moley: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So Terry, I was hoping you can maybe just give us your updated thoughts on the outlook for volumes heading into year-end, just given some of the evolving yield curve dynamics we've seen in this kind of heightened geopolitical uncertainty. And then coming into this year, you talked a lot about how great the setup was for CME's business. So maybe if you could just talk about how that maybe compares now to -- or how it's played out relative to your expectations, and how it maybe compares to the setup we're now looking at heading into 2024? Thanks.
TerrenceDuffy: Yes. I think the good -- and thank you, Patrick. I appreciate it. I think it's really hard to predict the future, and I try to be careful. But the setups that we saw in 2022, which you're referring to and 2023 were something so glaring that you had to call it out because of the geopolitical events, what was going on with inflation where people were calling a transitory versus you sprinkle $3 trillion into the American public's hands, you know that it's not going to be transitory. So I was only sprinkling out the favorable events that we were seeing fundamentally that I thought was good for every single one of our asset classes. And it was actually very good for us. As you know, with a record year in 2022 and an amazing quarter this quarter in 2023 and as Lynne said, our ninth consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth. So those are all very impressive numbers. We will -- I don't think the setup has changed, Patrick, when you look at what's going on right now that's going to be much different for 2024. I think we're going to see a little bit of the same, but who knows. It's hard to predict what the volumes would be associated with that, but there is a massive amount of uncertainty out there. When we made comments like we did in 2022 and 2023, we also didn't have the unfortunate situation we're seeing in the Middle East today. So there's another added component going on to that. And then we also have other situations, as I said earlier as it relates to our energy complex, where people are looking for more production coming out of the U.S., and Derek can touch more about that throughout the Q&A. But again, I think that bodes well for CME's products. But I'll -- beyond that, I'll be careful what I say.
Patrick Moley: All right. Great color. Thank you.
TerrenceDuffy: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. Just quickly on the regulatory side, seems like the SEC is getting closer to mandating treasury clearing on the cash side. Obviously, you have your arrangement with DTCC now in place starting in January. So a good position there, I guess. But like more broadly, just wondering how you think treasury clearing would change the marketplace, both on the cash side and maybe even on the futures side, customer behavior, new customers? Anything -- I assume you have some thoughts on it. So anything would be helpful how market structure may change if that happens.
TerrenceDuffy: Yes. No, thank you very much. And it's a great question because it's a great unknown too, what's going on out there. And what is being proposed and what may happen is still being hammered out. I'm going to ask Suzanne Sprague, who is the President of My Clearing House, to give you some comments on the reg side of it. She's working closely with her team as they're watching this. And then I'm going to turn it over to Tim McCourt from an opportunity perspective, what he's seeing as it relates to the complex if, in fact, some of these things happen or even if they don't. So maybe we'll give you a little two-part answer here, Alex, if you don't mind.
Suzanne Sprague: Yes. Thanks, Terry. We do think generally the benefits of central clearing will bring the marketplace into a strong position for things like our cross margining program with the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation. So you are correct to put those dots together that it will potentially enable higher participation in that program. We do today have the program that's eligible for common clearing members. And so the enhancements will benefit those common clearing members within the program and therefore, increased activity through clearing of treasuries generally should translate to more eligible activity that could benefit from cross margining between CME and the Fixed Income Corporation. So we generally believe the benefits of central clearings plus those enhancements to the cross margin program will position us and the industry well for taking advantage of more capital efficiencies in this space. I'll turn it over to Tim McCourt to add anything else as well.
Tim McCourt: Sure. And thanks, Alex, for the question. I think when we think about the opportunity why we remain excited and very optimistic that the cross margin agreement is finally coming online in January of next year is because this is something that we've seen before in our other markets. When you unlock the capital efficiencies of related products, it significantly increases the risk management capabilities of the marketplace and can lead to increased trading velocity in the product. While as Terry said, it's hard to predict the future. If we look at some of the other areas we've unlocked capital historically, portfolio margining of futures versus swaps is probably a pretty good analog to look at, and that's been in place since 2012. And since that's been put in place, the average daily savings have grown from 1 billion in 2013 to a little over 7.5 billion today in 2023. And at that same time, our rates volume grew 109%, and open interest doubled in the complex. And our cash market participation went from about 54% over 100%. So certainly unlocking capital is beneficial to the volume and the velocity of the complex, and we're optimistic about what we can do once this comes online early next year.
TerrenceDuffy: Hopefully, that gives you a little color to your question, Alex.
Alex Kramm: Very good. Thank you guys.
TerrenceDuffy: I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Owen Lau: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So it's somehow related to the last question, but I think you talked about government budget deficit in the past leading to more treasury issuance, which could increase like more hedging activities. Could you please unpack a little bit more on that relationship? Are you saying when we see more treasury issuance that should like kind of induce higher trading activity? I think any more color would be helpful. Thanks.
TerrenceDuffy: Yes. Owen, it's Terry Duffy here. And one of the things that we have said historically and if you recall some of the comments that our former colleague, Mr. Sean Tully made over the years that when the Fed no longer is acquiring some of these treasuries that the demand for them will have to go somewhere else. The Fed does not hedge their treasury portfolio, as you know. The other people that acquire the issuances coming out from the government need to hedge those. So it's hard to predict what the issuance is going to be. But again, those -- the parties that will be taking the issuance if it's not the Fed are traditionally people that hedge those in our marketplace. So that should benefit CME. So Tim, maybe you want to add anything more to that?
Tim McCourt: Yes. Sure. Thanks, Owen. When we look at the net issuance of treasury securities, they increased significantly in Q3 compared to Q2, up almost 80%. And that's not surprising if you remember, this is really looking at the replenishment of the Treasury General Account, which means a record low of just under $50 billion prior to the debt ceiling. And at the end of September, that balance stood about $672 billion. Now it's important to Terry's point to look at where that debt is being issued. And comments made previously, a lot of the issuance is going into T-bills on the short end of the curve. That's what we saw in Q1, Q2, and that pattern has not changed here in Q3. So with respect to how that can impact our complex in treasuries, one would assume that if we look back over historical distributions of how the treasury has looked to issue debt, there's only so much that can go into the front end of the curve. It was perhaps a little bit below the historical norms the last several years where the treasury has taken advantage of the lower rates further out the curve. So one can reasonably conclude going forward, they would look further out the curve to be more in line with their traditional or historical allocation where that's where our complex at CME has all the historical products. As Terry noted, the growing treasury complex from both a volume and an OI perspective, we would expect that issuance further out the curve in the coupons and bonds to increase the velocity as the marketplace looks to digest that issuance, hedge the related trading activity of it. And with the introduction of our T-bills earlier this year that's off to a great start, we now also have tradable products across the entirety of the curve and even better suited for that risk management needs of the marketplace as they find ways to absorb this increasing debt being issued to the market.
Owen Lau: Got it. Thank you very much.
TerrenceDuffy: Thanks, Owen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks. I have a couple of questions. I'll get back in the queue for the second one. The first question I have is on just on the -- I guess there's some talk of more regulatory or potentially more regulatory scrutiny around basis trading within futures and treasuries. And just wanted to get your perspective on how you view any potential scrutiny there or the merits of that trade, and I don't know if you're able to potentially size the impact on volumes. I know it can be -- can change quite dramatically over cycles. So maybe it's tough to do, but just wanted to get a sense.
TerrenceDuffy: Yes. And Brian, it's Terry. I'm going to turn it over to Tim, but sometimes there's problems looking for solutions as they say or solutions looking for problems. And this is government at its finest trying to introduce new legislation where there is no problem with the basis trade is something that will continue to move as well as it should, and the basis trade is actually what keeps the markets in line. So we feel very strongly that this is going to continue to keep the market efficient. And the more you explain that to regulators to show them what kind of potential chaos you could introduce if, in fact, you have additional regulation that takes people out of that trade which widens the basis, they may not like that outcome. So let me turn it over to Tim to give you a little bit more color. But I would be cautious to draw the conclusion that any kind of pending regulation is coming down the pike in the time zone. Tim?
Tim McCourt: That's correct. I think the one thing I would add is that the existence of basis between cash and futures market is not an isolated phenom to the treasury market. We see this in almost all of our asset classes here at CME. And the fact that you can independently trade the basis as a standalone risk parameter is an important key element to keep these markets aligned and arbitrage-free. It's something that we've seen is vital to the marketplace for this purpose. And it's something that we also see remaining in this market. It's not surprising with rates traversing the range that they have that you're going to see different behavior of the basis that we have in previous decades when we've seen similar activity. And it's something that we engage with the market. And the one thing I would note is that it's also important that CME also has the ability to trade cash treasuries on BrokerTec and the futures, which is also both leading price discovery mechanism. So we are the natural home for this trade to take place, and we continue to work with the marketplace. Now we can increase the efficiency of this trade going forward and work even more closely with market participants to make sure we unlock the value that still exists between bringing the BrokerTec and our futures business together at CME.
TerrenceDuffy: Thank you, Brian.
Brian Bedell: Thanks, Tim. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kyle Voigt with KBW. Please go ahead. Your line is open now.
Kyle Voigt: Thanks. Maybe just a question on expenses. Good to see the lower expense guide today, but given the slightly higher kind of inflationary environment and still relatively tight labor market, just wondering if you could remind us how you think about steady-state organic expense growth on a medium-term basis for this business within the current macro backdrop? And then second part of that question, as we're approaching the end of the year here, can you also just remind us how the Google-related expenses are expected to unfold into 2024 versus 2023 level? So I think there was spend for the first four years, but just maybe give us an update on where you stand with that spend today and when that starts to wind down.
TerrenceDuffy: Thank you, Kyle. Lynne, do you want to address both of those issues?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes, sure. So overall expense guidance, if you look at our estimate for this year, that's up about 3.6% on our core expenses despite the inflationary environment. So I think what we've seen from us over the years is really tight expense discipline and expense control. We're always looking for ways to minimize the -- run the business expense to become more efficient so that we can have more of our expense base going through to growth initiatives and helping to grow the bottom-line. So I think we have a strong track record there. If you look back in history, it averaged between that 3% to 3.5% over the last several years. Certainly, as we look forward, we'll continue that same type of discipline, and we'll look to provide guidance as we get closer to year-end. On the Google front, we did guide that we would have four years of incremental cash costs in the range of $30 million per year on average. So our expense guidance for this year, this is our second year, is $60 million in expense, offset by $20 million in CapEx savings to get to a net $40 million. We had $30 million in net expenses last year. So we have two more years where we think there will be an incremental expense associated with the Google migration before we see -- start to see breakeven and ultimately cash flow positive.
Kyle Voigt: Great. Thank you very much.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Kyle.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Benjamin Budish with Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Benjamin Budish: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Terry, in your comments, you talked about the kind of uncertain rate environment and ongoing need for participants to manage risk. Earlier in the year, you talked about the opportunity with regional banks. But maybe just at a high level, how do you see that opportunity more broadly? Is it kind of new participants that haven't been on CME's platform before? Is it more involved hedging from existing participants? How do you see kind of like the medium term TAM coming from that environmental need that you see? Thanks.
TerrenceDuffy: Yes. I think it's hard for us to describe if it's the regional banks or the bigger banks hedging. I mean, Suzanne can help me with more color on that as who the exact participants are because they come in to one of the bigger banks anyway, even the smaller ones do. So we're not quite sure which one is laying off the risk.
Suzanne Sprague: Yes. I would agree with that. It's generally appealing, I would say, for both of those groups of folks to engage with us on an ongoing basis, especially now with the uncertainty in the rate environment to think through the offerings that we have from a capital efficiency standpoint as well as a general risk management standpoint for ensuring that there aren't additional micro or macro events that will, I guess, circulate in the industry SVB is one example of a lot of engagement that we've had leading up to and afterwards with clients about the way that we provide services and clearing solutions to allow people to manage risk as well as the product side. So, I think it is hard to specifically identify what portion of those participants might be new and existing, but we have been engaging pretty broadly in the marketplace around those events to make sure that the products and services as well as the way that the clearinghouse offers risk management services are accounted for and available for market participants more broadly to get ahead of any other events that might be circulating in the industry.
TerrenceDuffy: And just to add to that, Ben -- thank you, Suzanne, that's a great answer. But just to add to that, Ben, the duration risk that we saw take down SVB has not gone away. As we talked about earlier in our comments, the issuance that is coming out from the government seems quite large in order to run and pay our bills in this government, and the demand has been a little bit lighter. So in return, whether we like it or not, rates are continuing to be very stubborn regardless of what the Fed does or does not do. So I think that we're not suggesting there will be more duration risk. But what I am suggesting is that people are going to have to manage that. And so whether it's the biggest of banks or the mid-tier banks, the risk management associated with duration, not only is it not going away, in my opinion is increasing because of the fundamentals of the overall treasury market in general. So from our standpoint, we think that will lead to more people mitigating and managing risk through our treasury complex from all different sizes of the banking world. That useful Ben?
Benjamin Budish: No. That was great. Thank you so much.
TerrenceDuffy: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chris Allen with Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open now.
Chris Allen: Good morning, everyone. I was wondering if you could provide color on the average collateral balances for cash, non-cash in the quarter and then with respect to the yields and then where they stand at present?
Terrence Duffy: Lynne?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Sure, Chris. Happy to. So if you look at quarter three, the average cash balances were $91 billion. The yield on that averaged 36 basis points. For non-cash, we averaged $137 billion, yielding 7 basis points. If you look at October to-date, the cash balance has trended down. We're seeing average cash balances of $71 billion and a shift into the non-cash collateral, which is up to $152 billion. I would point out that on the non-cash collateral side, we did announce a fee change that takes effect in January where the charge on the non-cash collateral will be increasing from a blended 7 basis points up to 10 basis points. Just to give that a little sizing, if you apply that change to this quarter's average volume, that would have added $10 million to the revenue associated with the non-cash collateral, which rolls through other revenue.
Chris Allen: Great. Thanks. Get back in queue.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. As you go into year end, maybe could you talk about how you're thinking about price increases in data and trading for 2024, particularly in the context of the fairly sizable changes you made in 2023?
Terrence Duffy: Okay. Ken, thank you. I'm going to ask Lynne to start and then Julie Winkler, who heads up our data organization as our Chief Commercial Officer, will participate as well. So Lynne?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. So as you know, on the clearing and transaction fee side, we typically announce any changes there later in the year. It's typically around the late November timeframe. Our approach is the same as it's always been. It will be a bottoms-up approach, looking at all the different markets, looking at health of the market, the value we've created, the health of our customers and the total cost of trade, including not only clearing and transaction fees, market data fees, but also the cost of collateral and making sure that we don't do anything from a fee perspective that would impact volume or liquidity, given our high incremental margin. So as I mentioned, we have increased that non-cash collateral fee effective in January that runs through other revenue. And Julie has announced some market data fee changes, which take effect in January as well. Julie, do you want to walk through those?
Julie Winkler: Yes. I mean, Q3 was another record quarter of $167 million in data revenue, so up another 9% year-on-year. And I think the strong growth also is something that as we look into 2024, yes, there will be some fee adjustments, but we also are looking for continued new product development, active sales efforts, continued education and also our enforcement efforts. So it should be noted even in this quarter, we saw about $4.9 million in non-recurring revenue that was reflective of both those prior period activities from subscriber adjustments as well as that audit revenue that we sometimes talk about. And so similarly with the transactions business that Lynne just referenced, we're continually evaluating the pricing of these data offerings. We have a very large and diverse set of offerings. So it's difficult to really specify a specific increase to forecast for 2024. Many of our data products, however, will see price increases next year ranging from 3% to 5% kind of reflecting that price-to-value approach. However, again, this is dependent on both subscribers as well as that non-recurring revenue that occurs in most quarters. So I hope that's helpful.
Ken Worthington: That was great. Thank you very much.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alex Blostein: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the questions. I was hoping you can opine on some of the potential new competitive dynamics and developments and interest rate futures markets with FMX Futures potentially entering the space and partnering with LCH. Now we've seen this movie before, right, multiple times, and all these kind of attempts have been unsuccessful. So wonder whether or not this might feel different given LCH position as the largest pool of clearing in the swaps market. Maybe just a reminder of sort of the benefits that customers get by keeping everything in futures and the savings across the portfolio they can get versus the alternative of trying to kind of cross margin between futures and swaps? Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Alex. And I'm going to ask Tim and maybe so many of my other colleagues around the table to comment as well. But when we're looking at the FMX proposal, it's -- we haven't seen all their details. And I think it's really hard to comment on exactly what the competitive offering is going to be other than what you just referenced. I understand what you said. I think with the announcement of DTCC and the offsets that we are going to be able to supply to the users is going to be an extremely powerful benefit to the participants of the marketplace. And you also have to remember that FMX is coming from a position of zero futures trading today. And where we are sitting on, as Tim has referenced, record open interest in treasury complex listing new products and listing the benefits thereof. We are ready and able to compete with anybody. And competition is something that has made CME what it is today. But the benefits that we continue to work on, you've heard me say this for years that we are going to continue to look for capital efficiencies in each and every one of our asset classes. We are delivering on every one of those asset classes to deliver capital efficiencies. That does not go lost on the participants in a capital-intensive world. So when you're talking about new offerings with LSE and what they could potentially offer versus what we have, we think we have a massive compelling offering for our clients that saves them additional funds. So I like our position, and I think we are in a position of strength. Again, I think a lot of people, Alex, as you know very well, when the LIBOR was going away and everybody was going to convert from Eurodollars us to SOFR that people thought it was a jump ball. And we felt we were in a very strong position to transition 100% of that business into CME SOFR products, which we did because of efficiencies to everything we have to offer. And those go from the back office to my sales team right across the entire organization that creates those benefits. So I like our position. Again, I think you said it at the beginning of your question. We've seen this movie before. I don't want to quote you wrong, but I think that's what you said. And we will continue to take every party that wants to compete with us very seriously. But at the same breath, we think we have a very strong, powerful, compelling offering for our clients. Tim, do you want to add to that?
Tim McCourt: Sure. Thanks, Terry, and thanks, Alex. I think just to add a little more color on that picture is when we look at the gravity of the complex at CME, Terry's point is unmatched. And the one thing I want to further remind the marketplace about is you can unlock a tremendous amount of capital savings and efficiencies at CME today, and the marketplace is doing it. In addition to the $7.5 billion-plus margin savings from our portfolio marketing portfolio, let's look at some of the numbers with respect to the open interest. With record average daily open interest in our treasury complex of just under 19 million contracts for the third quarter, a record average daily open interest in our SOFR complex of about 11 million contracts and with a record large open interest holder population of 3,175 participants, that is an enormous amount of gravity that although LCH may be the leader with respect to their interest rate swap clearing offering, I like the gravity and the size of the complex that's going to be unmatched about the capital efficiency can tap into with CME, the sheer function of our position on the future side, which we expect to only be more and more important to the marketplace as we head into 2024.
Terrence Duffy: Hopefully, that gives you a little color on how we're thinking about it, Alex. But again, we take everything seriously and -- but I think, again, our offering, as Tim has said and I said, is very compelling.
Alex Blostein: Yes. Very helpful, guys. Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you. Good morning. Two-part question. Just following up on the capital efficiencies beyond the cross margining with DTCC. Just curious what other steps you might be able to take as you look out the next three years to further enhance that. And then the other part of the question is just around the regulators proposing new capital rules for banks that can make some bespoke off-exchange derivatives just more capital-intensive. Just curious of your take on that, where you see the biggest opportunity to bring derivatives from OTC to the exchange-traded marketplace.
Terrence Duffy: Michael, both really good questions. The latter one is we've dealt with in 2017. I'm assuming you're referring to the Basel III what's being proposed on the second part of your question.
Michael Cyprys: Yes.
Terrence Duffy: Okay. So on the first part, on the capital efficiencies, I'm going to turn it over again to Suzanne Sprague, and she can touch on both, but I'll give you my thought process on the Basel III as well.
Suzanne Sprague: Yes. Thanks, Terry. So we do look forward to extending the enhanced cross margin program to the client level. We have had quite a bit of conversations with ourselves and the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation as well as clients on the importance of continuing to broaden that program. So we don't have any timelines to commit to at this point in time, but it is a focus of ours jointly to be able to expand those enhancements to the end client level, which I think will help even more with things we've already covered on the treasury mandate and needing more capital efficiencies to address things like increased capital costs under the Basel proposal. I think, Terry, I'll hit at a high level the Basel proposal.
Terrence Duffy: Yes, let me just comment on the practicality, Michael, and I know that you've been there for a little while now at your firm and understand how this works. There is zero consensus amongst the regulators as it relates to some of these proposals in Basel III. Actually, there's really opposing views to that, which makes it very difficult to move something forward we have internally at a regulator not the same people supporting the proposal. The markets need to remain efficient. And I guess, again, another solution looking for a problem with Basel III, we have never had an issue under the margin that we're holding that needs to have a capital hit associated with it. We only think that would add to the lack of liquidity to the overall marketplace and make markets less efficient than they are today. And that's not healthy, especially as we laid out the fundamental places that we are in the world today and with the issuance coming forward. We need to manage this. There's risk in everything we do in this life, including the treasury issuance and who's using it or not. We think we have a very good platform, and we think that the rules that are in place right now makes sense for the users. And if you want to just continue to add capital charges to everything we do. I guess we can constrict it to zero, and we won't have any more risk in the system, but we won't have any economies around the world either. So I do think it gets to a certain point. Again, like I said earlier, this was proposed in 2017, and it was not agreed upon then, and so we'll see where this goes. We are meeting with people in Washington now. My Washington folks are trying to explain the detriment to such a proposal could bring to the overall marketplace.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thanks so much. I appreciate it.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hi. Good morning, everyone. So in the quarter, there was another instance of vertical integration between an exchange or actually secondly, a DCM and an FCM. So now, we have Coinbase MIAX with vertically integrated business model. So first, I want to get your perspective on what this means for the ecosystem. And then -- and also, CME already registered its FCM last year, I think partly in reaction to FTX's move. So what are your updated objectives for that business now?
Terrence Duffy: So Craig, again, I've been also talking a lot about market structure and how market structures always have a shelf life, and we don't know what the next one is going to look like, but we all need to be prepared for, and that's what CME will always do. We'll be prepared for anything that comes our way. That's one of the reasons we filed for the FCM application, not just because of FTX. But not to say you're wrong because that was part of the reasons why, but it was again around market structure. I think with these vertically integrated models that is being proposed such as MIAX and I think Coinbase is the other one you referenced, the conflict of interest question for the clients is huge. And it would be big for us, too, if we decided to go ahead and deploy an FCM. So we would have to be very careful about that ourselves. But the same breath, I think that if they're going to go down this integrated model, they need to write rules associated with. This was my entire complaint around FTX that they were trying to make existing rules fit for their business proposal. So if, in fact, we're going to have integrated models of what MIAX is proposing today and go into business in the United States, you need to write rules with them because the Commodity Exchange Act clearly states in the year 2000 that those rules were written with intermediaries in mind, not on a direct model. So no saying you couldn't have intermediaries in the direct model, but the rules are not clear on that. So I think there's a long way to go. I think one of the reasons they're not getting much attention today on that is because of their size, which I think is wrong to look at it that way. It shouldn't matter their size. Who's to say they can't get bigger tomorrow, who's to say we can't do something different tomorrow as well. So I think there needs to always be rules and the rules of the road need to be applied so people understand that we do not need situations like 2008 and other ones that we could all describe because of people trying to advance businesses that they think is in their best interest without having the public's interest at heart. So again, we've always been a neutral facilitator of risk management. We will continue to do so. We like the intermediary model and again, but we don't know what the future is going to hold. But I do -- I am very concerned about some of these existing platforms. And the government needs to look at them and write rules for them if, in fact, they're going to allow them to stay in business.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Terry.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Andrew Bond with Rosenblatt Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Bond: Thanks. Hi. Good morning One for Derek on the energy business. So energy markets, particularly natural gas markets, have experienced some structural shifts benefiting North American markets following the Russian invasion of Ukraine. More recently with the geopolitical events in the Middle East, are you seeing more of a continuation of these dynamics? And can you talk about the potential longer term impact of the geopolitical events of late on your markets?
Terrence Duffy: Andrew, thank you. We appreciate it. And Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. Yes, I think this is kind of proof positive of what we've been talking about for the last couple of years that structurally, the U.S. is an incredibly strong position, given the position we have, both in crude oil as well as natural gas. As you know, we're currently exporting record amounts of oil from the U.S. at 4.6 million barrels a day. We're also exporting record levels of natural gas while based on Henry Hub pricing record levels from our U.S. capacity point of view. So as we've talked about, that structurally positions CME's WTI franchise as kind of the leader in that space and certainly positions WTI as a global benchmark as the U.S. continues to export the marginal barrel outside the U.S. with challenges everywhere else. Natural gas, as you pointed out, has been a really, really strong point for the energy franchise overall. When you look at what's going on from an uncertainty point of view, options continue to be a significant proportion of our customers' client behavior. So we like our position in both natural gas and crude oil, when you look at the volume and growth of the both futures and options, strong in Q3. More importantly, we continue to see that strength in October with our energy options up 81% overall, energy up 26% in October. So really strong year this year, continuing really strong year into Q4. And the position that we have as the swing producer, both in natural gas and crude oil, I think, positions us well long term in what we think is a potentially multigenerational energy shift.
Andrew Bond: Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Hello, again. Just a quick one on the interest rate business again. You guys, Terry mentioned the LIBOR, SOFR transition. Obviously, that's now behind us and successful. But just maybe looking back on that, I think early on, there were some concerns that SOFR would not be the best replacement for Eurodollar and that maybe it won't meet certain trading strategies. So now that we're sitting here, I don't know, six months after the real cutoff, is the marketplace different at all? Are you seeing certain strategies not being applied anymore? And is that still room for innovation for you or SOFR, Eurodollar basically now the same thing as it always was? Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: So I'm going to let Tim answer as well, Alex. But I will say the following that the reason why people believe that SOFR might not be as good as your Eurodollar is because of pure uncertainty. When you know a certain way for so many decades of how you're going to price short-term interest rates and all of a sudden, the governments say you have to change them, it's the uncertainty of the marketplace for starters. As far as it goes to the strategies, I think Tim already outlined the open interest in trade and SOFR. So you would have to say the answer to question number two, are people not doing certain strategies is no. So question number three is are -- is there opportunity for people, I think was the last thing you had asked for the SOFR versus what was not in the LIBOR, and I'll turn that to Tim.
Tim McCourt: Yes. Thanks, Terry, and thanks, Alex, for the question. I think what's interesting is when we see several months after the transition, we look at the SOFR complex at CME year-to-date through Q3, I believe we're already about 14% above the best year in Eurodollar previously. And we still have a whole quarter to go, which is exciting. So certainly adopted, certainly being integrated. We're seeing similar strategies with respect to the various option strategies, the futures, the outrights, the spread. So we're really pleased with how the ecosystem is coming along. But the one thing I would add is we also have new additional short-term interest rate products that can be spread against SOFR. When we look at the introductions of T-bills, and as Terry said in his opening comments with respect to us leading and taking really strong roots in the ESTR market overseas, these are all new things that are additive to the ecosystem that didn't exist when Eurodollars are around. So very optimistic for the future and further buttressed by our efforts on the CME term SOFR front with respect to licensing and the IP and the gravity that we're lending to that complex. These are all great things that continue to position not only SOFR, but the rest of our rates complex, given the interrelatedness and the spread strategies that exist as we head into next year.
Alex Kramm: Excellent. Good to hear. Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks for taking my follow-up. It's on RPC. Just some of the drivers in the third quarter that you mentioned were member mix and product mix. I think that was mostly on the product mix side between asset classes. I was wondering if you could comment a little bit about were there any outliers within the asset classes that significantly impacted the RPC? And then it looks like geography-wise or non-U.S. was actually up a little bit sequentially, and I thought that was -- usually it's typically the higher RPC. So maybe just some comments on that. And then also just on options versus futures if you can remind us on the differentials there. I think, Derek, you mentioned the options volumes in energy, in particular, were up nicely in October?
Terrence Duffy: Yes, Brian, two parts to your question. So I'm going to ask Lynne to comment on the RPC and then ask Derek to comment on the international business, which you're correct, does carry a higher RPC than the traditional -- some of the stuff here in the U.S., but go ahead, Lynne.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. So if you look at the overall RPC of $0.707 versus the prior quarter of $0.724, so down $0.017. The drivers for that were really lower proportion coming from commodities products was about 18% this quarter, down from about 19.5% last quarter. We did also see a slight increase in member mix and the contribution from micros overall. In terms of the specific asset classes, I wouldn't call anything out as unusual per se. I would just point you to if you look at the year-over-year basis, on very similar volume, we saw a 12% uplift on RPC. That's driven by a couple of things. You do have a lower proportion coming from micro. You have an increase in the commodities as we've seen that rebound in this year, and you are seeing the impact of that pricing change rolling through.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Lynne. Derek, do you want to talk a little bit about the non-U.S. business as it relates to the RPC?
Derek Sammann: Yes. Thanks, Brian. We've seen some continued really strong growth and building on the back of what was a record 2022 for non-U.S. business. We're building on that. Again, our Q3 international volume was up 7% this year, and that was led by some of the higher RPC products. Our ag non-U.S. business is up 32%, energy up 30%, rates were up 16%, metals up 10%. Also, what you saw and I think you might have mentioned this, our non-U.S. options continues to grow extremely strongly as well. So our non-U.S. options volumes up 31% and while the overall options is up 21%. So a good strong story within a good strong story. So we saw EMEA be a particular standout there relative to the volumes. And I think we're -- the efforts we put in the place, boots on the ground, you heard us talk about the investment we're making in the majority of our sales force now being outside the U.S. is accelerating both our new clients acquisition opportunities as well as reinforcing and cross-selling into our existing customer base. So our non-U.S. business continues to be a source of strength and new client growth for us. And I think we'll see that we're on track for another record year for that side of the business across asset classes, and we like our position going into 2024.
Terrence Duffy: So just to sum that up Brian, because I think, it's a really important question. Not a particular asset class where there's degradation in the RPC so much. It was more the mix of member versus non. And then we have some of these really outlier, not outliers, but some higher rate RPCs and some of the energies as Lynne referenced. And it's a very sensitive tool. So that can move it a little bit, and that's what you saw.
Brian Bedell: That's great. And then just can you remind us on the RPC of options versus futures in general?
Terrence Duffy: Yes.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. So the total RPC for options this quarter were $0.658.
Brian Bedell: Got it. Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much for that really complete answer. Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Owen Lau: Thank you for taking my follow-up question. I think CME recently launched the WTI Crude Oil Monday and Wednesday Weekly options. I'm just wondering how much incremental opportunity and demand for these kind of 0DTE products, not just in energy but in the whole CME platform? Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Owen. Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yes. So on the weekly stuff, yes, we have had really great success across the entire franchise of launching additional points on the maturity curve. We've recently launched Mondays and Wednesdays in energy, particularly in WTI. We've actually set a number of records there. We had an old day record ADV about 43,000 contracts on the first of September. And that was after the addition of the Mondays and Wednesdays, we set a single day record on the same day of about 15,000 contracts. When you look at that opportunity for us, we've talked about this before, certainly in a world with as much risk as we see on any given day on any particular asset class, adding additional maturity points and a granular levels of risk management have proven to be successful. We sort of -- we plumbed that path with equities. We've incrementally rolled out asset classes. And I think over time, we found our customers have adopted those more broadly. Those are additive to the OI pool. Those have created more opportunities for spreading across maturities, but I would also note that our record options growth is accelerating, not just on the front end of the curve but across the entire maturity curve. So we're seeing growth there where the short-dated pieces are additive to the growth, but it's actually being led by farther out across the curve. So we see those as additional tools and nice additive pieces of growth, but not the primary source of growth.
Owen Lau: Got it. Thank you very much.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Owen. Thank you, Derek.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is a last question from -- a follow-up from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Elias Abboud: Hi. This is Eli from Craig's team. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if...
Terrence Duffy: Can you speak up just a little bit, Eli? I think it was Eli, not Craig on the phone.
Elias Abboud: Yes. This is Eli from Craig's team. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could give us a sense of the potential impact of approval of the spot crypto ETFs on your crypto complex. What proportion of volumes in the -- futures-based ETF managers contribute to that complex today? And if we see like a migration from the future-based vehicles to spot, would that threaten the viability of that complex?
Terrence Duffy: Yes. Good question, Eli. Thank you. Tim?
Tim McCourt: Thanks, Eli. Thanks, Terry. Certainly, a pressing question, given the recent moves that we've seen in Bitcoin. I think one thing to note is that before we dive into the nuances of the ETF, we've also seen tremendous volume in OI growth here in the third quarter for our crypto complex. Just this week, we saw over 130,000 contracts trade, worth about $7.6 billion. That's our largest day in the crypto complex since the wake of the FTX collapse in a little over a year ago. So when we saw also a record OI in our Bitcoin futures over 20,000 contracts, which is equivalent to more than 100,000 Bitcoin. And this really speaks to the fact that we are an institutional-grade offering for the crypto community. So it is not surprising that we're the underlying for a lot of the futures-based ETFs, which has done phenomenally well in terms of serving the marketplace to date. Certainly, there's a belief that some of the uploading of price to almost 35,000, 36,000 we've seen this week is on the belief of spot-based ETF approvals. I'm not necessarily here to comment on whether that's going to happen. But what I can tell you is that we do see the introduction of additional structured products, whether it be spot or other underlying base in the crypto community will be additive to our complex at CME on two fronts. One, these markets are highly interrelated, where futures will not only be the underlying for some of these products, they will also be the hedge mechanism for market makers as well as market participants looking to hedge their digital or ETF-based holdings. And the second thing to always keep in mind is we also have the CME CF Bitcoin reference rate, which is the underlying for a lot of these ETFs coming to market. So not only will be additive to our futures-based volume as we've seen in other asset classes such as equity, it's also to keep in mind as these products take root and grow in the market, there will be additional revenue generation opportunities from the licensing front as a function of AUM and derived license fees here at CME as the IP owner of the underlying index.
Elias Abboud: Got it. Thanks guys.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Eli.
Operator: Thank you. And there are no further questions. I'll turn it back over to management for closing remarks.
Terrence Duffy: I want to thank you all very much. Excellent questions today. We appreciate it very much and we wish you a good day, and everybody stay safe. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a good day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the CME Group Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. During this presentation, participants are in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] It's my pleasure to turn the conference over to Adam Minick. Please go ahead.
Adam Minick: Good morning. I hope you're all doing well today. We will be discussing CME Group's second quarter 2023 financial results. I'll start with the Safe Harbor language, then I'll turn it over to Terry. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Lastly, on the final page of the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I'll turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you, Adam; and thank you all for joining us this morning. As Adam said, we released our executive commentary earlier today, which provides details on the second quarter of 2023. I will make a few brief comments on the quarter and current outlook, and Lynne will summarize our financial results. In addition to Lynne, we have other members of our management team present to answer questions after the prepared remarks. As we mentioned last quarter, 2023 is setting up to be an extremely favorable backdrop for risk management. The continued geopolitical uncertainty, and the increasing cost of capital for businesses, are just a couple of the things that have helped us deliver our financial results for the quarter. The benefit of CME Group's diverse product portfolio, spanning six asset classes was on display. ADV across our commodities asset classes increased 20%, with 34% growth in Agricultural products, 27% growth in Metals and 9% in Energy. Interest rates, average daily volume of 11.3 million was up 6% for the quarter and is up 11% compared with the first half of 2022. Despite a substantial decline in equity market volatility, our equity class delivered average daily volume of 6.2 million contracts during Q2. Our non-U.S. ADV was 6.3 million contracts for the quarter, including double-digit year-over-year growth in Ags, Metals and Energy. Options, again, played a critical role in Q2, with ADV growth of 20% to 4.7 million contracts including the highest quarterly Agricultural options ADV on record, up 32% from Q2 last year. Our product innovation in this area has driven strong growth with new participants and more product choice to more precisely match risk, as clients continue to look for ways to protect their portfolios in these uncertain times. As it relates to our rates market, expectations of short-term rate changes up or down and a divergent economic data continue to drive risk management. As we saw with the recent resolution of the debt ceiling, the treasury bill issuance increased dramatically. Over time, we expect that more coupon issuance and ongoing debt financing will contribute to greater hedging needs for years to come. On the commodities side, exports are increasing the demand for risk management using our benchmark, agriculture and energy products. With this favorable backdrop, we will continue to focus on opportunities to accelerate growth, including our recent announcement with DTCC to increase cross margining opportunities for the treasury markets. Additionally, our ongoing focus on product innovation and data services continues to enhance trading opportunities for our clients. We believe the strong underlying environment combined with our strategic execution across growth initiatives positions us for accelerated growth in coming years. With that, I'll turn the call over to Lynne for the second quarter financial results.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Terry. During the quarter, CME Group generated $1.4 billion in revenue, up about 10% compared with a strong second quarter last year. Clearing and transaction fees grew over 9%, while market data revenue increased 8% versus Q2 2022. Expenses on an adjusted basis were $452 million for the quarter and flat versus the first quarter at $374 million, excluding license fees. This quarter, our investment in our cloud migration was approximately $15 million. Our adjusted operating margin for the quarter expanded to 66.8%, up over 250 basis points compared to the same period last year. CME Group had an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.3%, which resulted in adjusted net income of $836 million, driving diluted earnings per share of $2.30, both up 17% from the second quarter last year. In addition to our expanding margins, the strength of our operating model was evident this quarter as we delivered an increase of approximately $120 million in both revenue and adjusted net income compared to last year. Capital expenditures were approximately $22 million and CME Group paid dividends during the quarter of $400 million. Our ending cash balance was approximately $2 billion. As you can see with the current results, the entire team at CME Group is focused on growing the business. We have delivered double-digit adjusted earnings growth in each of the last eight quarters. Although, it is challenging to predict volumes or market conditions over the short term, when you look at the last five, seven or 10-year period we have grown our earnings by a compound annual growth rate of 10% to 12% per year despite multiple periods of zero interest rate policy and the impacts of the pandemic on the global economy. As Terry mentioned, we are in a favorable environment for risk management and were taking a number of actions designed to accelerate our growth going forward through customer expansion, new product and service innovation and enhancing capital efficiencies. Given this, our goal as a management team is to deliver growth in the coming decade above these historical averages. Terry, Ill hand the call back to you.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you, Lynne. We are very pleased with the continued strong financial performance of the company. Before I open the call for questions, Id like to ask Tim McCourt and Derek Sammann to comment briefly on the recent trends that were seeing in short-dated options products. And Ill go to Tim, first. Tim?
Tim McCourt: Thanks, Terry. We are very pleased with the performance of our equity options on futures, which year-to-date drove 1.3 million contracts per day. Short-dated options, including zero days to expiry or zero DTE options remain a strong driver of our multi-year growth. Volume in our same day expiring options is up 33% from last year and up 220% since 2021 and now make up 27% of our equity options volume. Its important to also know, we are seeing volume and open interest growing across the entire maturity curve. Year-to-date equity options are up 6% compared to a record year in 2022 with particular strength in Nasdaq options and Russell 2000 options both up double-digits. This strong growth story further demonstrates the value customers continue to derive from trading products on the most important equity indices at CME Group. And while short-dated options have been largely an equities story to date, were beginning to see expansion to other parts of the portfolio, which Derek will talk to you now.
Derek Sammann: Thanks, Tim. As weve discussed in recent quarters, options have become a bigger part of global customers risk management and trading strategies. Year-to-date, average daily volume in our Options franchise across all asset classes is up 26% driven by Interest Rates, Metals and Equities and our non-U.S. options business is up 33% through June. Within this larger growth story, we have seen growing demand for weekly options expirations across all asset classes, with weekly options volume up 21% year-to-date and growing to 26% of total options trading. In addition to equities, commodities traders have similarly embraced shorter-dated expirations which allow our global customers to hedge specific event risks, such as crop reports and OPEC meetings. Agricultural weekly options were up 168% in the second quarter, which contributed to a record quarter for agricultural options overall. In Energy, our WTI weekly options grew 126% versus second quarter last year, while our gold weekly options are up 33% year-over-year. The strength of our options franchise allows CME Group to uniquely deliver significant capital and operational efficiencies and meets our customers need for short-dated options to help them most effectively manage risk across their entire portfolio. And with that, we can now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Benjamin Budish with Barclays. Please go ahead, sir.
Benjamin Budish: Hi, there. Thanks so much for taking the question. I wanted to go back to a comment that you made Lynne in your prepared remarks, just about sort of positioning the business to kind of grow faster than the historical average over the next decade. If you could maybe unpack that a little bit, what are sort of like the key elements that you see, is it sort of a global increase in just need to manage risk, is it more customers, is it sort of increasing RPC, more volatility? How do you kind of think about what that looks like over the next decade as you indicated?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Sure. I'll start and like, a number of my colleagues will want to jump in here. I think the growth story is one that we've been talking about for a while, a number of the levers that we look at is that new customer expansion, is that international growth, new product innovation has been certainly a big focus, looking at the OTC alternative products, as well as looking at capital efficiencies. So, I don't know, Julie, if you want to comment on a few of those initiatives that are underway.
Julie Winkler: Yeah. I mean, the -- certainly the cross-margin initiative is one that our clients are quite excited about and one that we have talked about for a number of years delivering that is going to be an important thing. Capital efficiencies continues to be at the top of their list and a very important thing in order to deploy more capital and do more trading at CME Group. I think the macroeconomic environment is quite positive across a number of our asset classes. And feedback from our clients is that they are using our markets to hedge those growing risk, as well as a need -- and seen that the increased Treasury issuance on the horizon that's going to mean more hedging from broker dealers as well. Buy-side, again, I think across the segments, we're sensing quite a bit of positivity. And as we continue to roll out more products, the options that Derek and Tim talked about earlier also is another highlight that we're giving our clients a lot of different instruments to be able to express, therefore the expectations about the marketplace and we feel we're very well-positioned from our team being able to support them globally. And that is certainly part of the international growth that we have commented on and believe it still suits us quite well for the future. We also feel real good about our data services business delivering the 8% growth and the number of new products, services, and analytics that the team is working hard to deliver, in some cases, things that we had not previously rolled out to our customer based on our data. So, all of those things give us a positive outlook for the future.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Julie; and thanks, Lynne. Ben, hopefully, that gave you some color on what we're thinking here to exchange (ph).
Benjamin Budish: Yeah. Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. I guess a little bit of a follow-up on that. Just you've had good volumes in the first half of the year, but the investor comments and concerns continues around -- continues to be about sustainability of that and potentially the worst or I'm sorry, the best being behind you. So as you think about kind of all the growth opportunities you see and you highlighted already, maybe pick the one or two that you could -- that you would highlight here in the short-term. And then maybe expand a bit upon the DTCC partnership and what we should think about in terms of how that gets rolled out and maybe the timing and the potential implications of that agreement.
Terrence Duffy: So, Dan, thank you for your question. You got a couple of questions in there. So the DTCC, we did put out the release with the DTCC just a couple of weeks back and we're hoping -- we're waiting on regulatory approval, which we are expecting and hopefully, we will have that implemented going into the first quarter of 2024. We feel fairly confident about that now. So, otherwise, we wouldn't have put out the release. So, we are looking at that. And again, I think you recall going back many quarters, a couple of years back when Sean Tully gave you some figures and about what he expected as far as the efficiencies, what that agreement could mean once we acquired NEX, which we thought we'd be somewhere today around 20% and we thought that we could be 70%-plus, we still feel very confident that that is going to be the case once this gets fully implemented and put forward. So, that's the DTCC question. The other question was on a couple of drivers for the business, I think is what you asked on the out years. And I'll ask Tim to make a couple of comments as it relates to his business and Derek as well.
Derek Sammann: Sure. Thanks, Terry. As Terry mentioned in the opening remarks, there certainly are continued periods of uncertainty in front of us, which will provide a continued tailwind for CME as we continue to offer risk management solutions for our clients. I think drilling down a little bit, if we think about some of the various asset classes, if we look at the rates complex, where we successfully completed the transition from LIBOR to SOFR, that's not the end of the journey, but it's really the beginning of what's in front of us. To Julie's comments, if you think about coupling that with the macroeconomic backdrop on a tightening and the resolution of the debt ceiling, we're only in the early days of seeing some of those drivers factor into their risk management needs of our client. And what I mean by that is, if we look at the recent Treasury issuance, most of the analysts were expecting $1.2 trillion to be issued now from June and year end. Most of that issuance is going to T-Bills at present, instead of coupons. We look at the product offering CME at present, that is not something that we currently offer with respect to the risk management or accessing the T-Bills market. So as that issuance moves from T-Bills to coupons, that will be buttressing our treasury complex, both within our futures and options as well as BrokerTec. I think then, when you also look at the uncertainty in the rates market, with the FOMC meeting today, there's over a 99% chance of another 25 basis point increase. But if you look further out, they're expected to be somewhat range bound for the rest of the year, with possibly one more 25 basis point increase in 2023. But then, you're seeing the Fed [indiscernible] as CME predict a 51% chance of a reduction before March of 2024. So sort of this consensus view that rates to go up, stay the same or go down is going to be a tremendous backdrop for our clients' need to manage that uncertainty and have all the products to do so at CME across the various asset classes across futures, options, swaps and the cash market.
Terrence Duffy: So let me make a couple of comments too, Dan, because I think it's an important question that you asked. And it's really tough for us to predict the future. But as you recall, at the beginning of 2022, I said it was going to be in a very exciting year because a lot of things are setting up in favor of risk management. We think this is exactly the environment that we've been talking about for several years that we see going out for several more to come. So that's why we're really excited about some of these out years, some of the things that Tim just referenced. Risk management cannot be neglected for one moment for any businesses. We have multiple examples of failure, whether it's in small bank failures and others that continue to not manage risk that are going to be, we think, potentially have to manage that risk if they're going to stay in business. There's a whole host of factors that are coming to fruition that we think are a tailwind for CME Group. I'm going to let Derek make a few comments on his asset classes that, I think, this is an important question, not only that you're asking, but for all the analysts and investors to listen to. Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yeah. I think that we've already heard from Terry on the options and commodities growth. Just a couple of data points that I think underscore the breadths and the scale of the options growth. Not only is our non-U.S. options growing faster than our U.S. options, options are growing faster than the franchise overall. But also if you look at the first half year volumes, every single asset class with our client segment, with the exception of banks, is up. This business is up 24% year-to-date. And what's most important is, our buy-side client volume and options is up 38% year-to-date. So it speaks to the breadth and the scale and I think, the attractiveness of our option solutions across the entire customer range. So this is not led by one asset cost, not led by one client segment. So it's really grown in scale across a lot of client segments. And then on the commodity side, you heard Terry talk a lot about the benchmark status of our products. We have built long and hard into expanding our portfolio of products. If you look at what we've done in our energy franchise, building out the crude grades contracts to both defend but also expand the success and the validity of our WTI market with that crude grades contract. We set an all-time record of open interest in over 500,000 contracts, open interest in those products. So as the world evolves, this has been a multiyear story of expansion of our benchmarks serving our clients as the world globalizes. In some cases, the world fragments. We have products for each of those scenarios. So that's what we do. We solve client need and we fill in ports of their portfolio that they need risk management and we become their solution provider.
Terrence Duffy: And as we said, Dan, we can't predict volumes. But as I said in my prepared remarks earlier, when you're looking at the largest asset class, the U.S. equity markets and equity markets around the world in basically a zero-vol environment right now and we still traded at 6.2 million contracts a day. I think that goes to show you what can happen even when there's no vol. When people say, where are the future volumes are? I think we're just kind of giving you an example, where we see there at even in low-vol situation.
Dan Fannon: Great. Thats helpful. Thank you very much.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Coming up next, we have a question from the line of Kyle Voight with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Kyle Voigt: Hi. Good morning. Maybe a question for Terry. I mean, since early last year, you sounded more open to executing on M&A if the right opportunity presented itself. I guess given M&A announcements we're seeing from some of your peers domestically and internationally, can you just provide an update on the M&A environment? And given that you've not executed or announced any deals, are you not seeing the right opportunities in terms of checking the right boxes pr has that been more price driven? And then also maybe a question for Lynne or you, Terry, do you think in terms of the next 10 years, as you mentioned, kind of accelerating the growth, should we think about M&A as being a larger driver of accelerating that growth over the next 10 years versus what we saw over the last 10 years?
Terrence Duffy: Kyle, it's a great question. I think when you're looking out several years in the future, there's a lot of things that can happen. And one of the things that I see happening shape CME in the future is the technology growth that we have with our Google transaction that will allow us to do certain things that maybe our competitors can't, but we don't need to do M&A in order to accomplish those goals of growth going forward. So I think we're in a very strong position from that standpoint. As far as M&A and what my competitors are doing, I don't like to comment on what they're doing. I'm not in the rooms thinking -- talking to them about what strategic analysis they did, why they're doing those type of transactions. As I've said, we will only do things that we think are strategically benefit to our investors and into our clients. And again, right now, we are focused on the growth of this company through many different avenues. And if, in fact, there was a transaction, I am still open to it, but it's not going to be out from left field. I assure you. That's something that we've been very focused on. And I'm not saying my competitors are, they're just doing different things. So we have a strong franchise. We're going to continue to build on it. Tim made reference to early innings in risk management in some of these products. We truly believe that in the distribution of our products, the technology that in the market data that Julie is working on, what we're doing with Google, we think, is really exciting going forward. So we don't necessarily need to do M&A, but we're not going to shy away from it if in fact, we see it's a benefit to our investment. And Lynne, if you want to comment further?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah. I think Terry covered it well. We're looking at the organic growth. And if there were opportunities out there, it's certainly something we look at, but we've been very disciplined in our approach to M&A, as you've seen over the years.
Terrence Duffy: And Kyle, I will make one more reference. And I think I said this on the prior call. We are in a very strong capital position. If, in fact, there was an M&A transaction to come our way where some of our so-called peers. As you referenced, they are getting heavily levered right now. And when assets get shopped, they're going to get shopped at people that can afford to pay for them no matter what they are. It does mean that we're going to acquire them, but we're in a strong position to look at a lot of things strategically that may or may not benefit our business. We'll make the decisions based on that.
Kyle Voigt: Understood. Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Simon Clinch with Atlantic Equities. Please proceed with your question.
Simon Clinch: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. If we could just run -- go back to what Lynne -- Lynne, what you were talking about in terms of the -- I guess, the expanding product opportunities in the pipeline for market data or maybe what Julie was talking about this. But could you expand on sort of, I guess, how influenced that has been or accelerated that has been by the Google partnership or if that has yet to come. And perhaps give us just a flavor of the, I guess, the pace of this innovation over the next several years.
Terrence Duffy: Sunil or Julie, you want to touch on the opportunity on the market data, then the Google partnership.
Sunil Cutinho: I'll kick off, Terry, and then I'll have Julie speak to the commercial side. In terms of data platform, we have finally built it. And it's available with about 24 beta banks (ph) of date. We have developed a set of services that we are working on releasing to our clients. I will let Julie speak a little bit about the commercial opportunity in that area.
Julie Winkler: Yes, Simon. Why don't I just start for a minute just talking about the data services performance and then just quickly go into some of the product build-outs that we've been working on with Google. As I mentioned earlier, this quarter, we were up 8% versus where we were a year ago. And that is driven from high demand from our professional user base as well as our retail clients, we're seeing a steady increase in the number of those professional traders that are accessing our real-time exchange content and really seeing growth across all of those subscriber segments positive. In Q2, we did not see as many of those one-time true-ups as we saw in the first quarter. So we definitely still had positive growth. But if you remember, back to Q1, Lynne had mentioned some of those one-time payments. So those can come from everything, from audits, true-ups and derive data audit fees, even true-ups some real-time subscribers from accruals. So I just wanted to call that out as well. We continue to say those are sporadic revenue items, but it's worth calling that out this quarter. And again, we're feeling quite positive about where the device usage is, as well as the new products that we've been able to introduce. As Sunil pointed out, and for us being able to really get our data into Google Cloud at the magnitude that we're sitting at now, has allowed us to accelerate the development of new products for our data business, including new analytics products as well. So we've been highly focused on how we're going to enhance the business. And then that is through making our data more available through APIs, increasing the flexibility and how we can package our data, how we distribute our data, how we're going to be able to price our data. All of this is just much better enabled once this is accessible through the cloud, as well as we believe, making it much more easy for clients that don't access CME data today to be able to use these new services. The computation that you can do is, just far as enhanced from what we are doing in an on-prem environment. And so that's allowing us to create as well some new compelling trade execution analytics. We've been able to put that into production this quarter. And we'll be sharing that with our clients shortly. And so this is really us being able to leverage our own proprietary data and giving our clients this benchmarking activity and allowing them to really take action on that data and providing them with insights. And all of this just leads into how are we helping our clients better manage their risk. So we're also looking at some new opportunities on the clearing and the risk side. So we'll be seeing more of that rollout. And it's just the speed and efficiency, which with the cloud puts behind us, is allowing that new product production that we otherwise had not seen specifically within the data business. Hope that helps.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Julie. Simon, hopefully, that gave you some color on that.
Simon Clinch: That's really thorough. Yeah. Thank you very much.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Kramm : Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the proactive comments on some of the equity franchise, the zero DTE. And it's clearly, some investors are comparing your trends versus some of your competitors out there. I guess the other thing that stands out when I look at that franchise is that the micro percentage has come really down a lot. I don't want to just simplify that as saying retail is off. But just wondering if you could comment on what's going on there? Do you see those volumes going elsewhere or is this -- when you talk to maybe your retail brokerage partners, is that just a drying up of REIT activity post-COVID? And then related to that, as you talk about the growth acceleration over the next decade or so, I mean, is retail still a component of that or was that just an interesting story opportunity over the last couple of years, but now really, it's about much bigger and other things again?
Terrence Duffy: Alex, thank you. Appreciate your question. I'm going to let -- there's a lot of people kind of chopping at the bit to take that question. But I'm going to let Tim start and then I'm going to join him and rest of the team. Go ahead, Tim.
Tim McCourt: Great. Thanks, Alex. Thanks for the question. When we look at the micro E-mini complex at CME, certainly, we've seen some mean reversion in volume, which is not surprising given, as Terry mentioned in his comments, the volatility coming inbound from the equity markets as well as upward price trends in all the major indices. When those things coupled together, it tends to be a less attractive trade to the more active individual client that we see that prefers the Micro over some other products available, not only in CME, but in the ecosystem more broadly. But it's important to note, this is Micro volumes golfing a coming off of a phenomenal record 2022. If we look at the Micro S&P 500 as an example, the Q2 volume that we've seen this quarter, while down, is still on par with what we saw in 2020 and 2021 and actually is higher than that. And the same holds true for the Micro NASDAQ. So it's a tough relative comp, but it's certainly a very strong product with respect to its risk management and trading needs that it provides. The other thing that's interesting to note is the Micro launched in 2019, now a few years old, is really starting to mature as a product. And what I mean by that is even though some of the volumes have come down, from a revenue perspective, it is actually flat to last year or slightly up through H1. And that's a result of two things. One, the pricing actions we've taken with respect to the Micro E-minis, which continues to be at a premium versus the other risk-adjusted Micro regular E-minis. But the other is the member mix. So even in a lower volume environment, we're seeing larger non-member proportionality of that customer mix, which has increased the RPC about $0.10 since this time last year for Micro E-mini. So that is something that is important to remind people of is the revenue performance of Micro E-minis is different than the volume performance through H1 of 2023. And with respect to maturation, the other point is look at the open interest of Micro E-mini. If we look at the top 10 open interest days for the Micro E-mini complex at CME, all 10 are in June of 2023, with single-day open interest records in several of the Micro E-mini contracts. This is a statement that the Micro E-mini is becoming a risk management tool alongside a trading tool where more and more clients are holding them versus just intraday trading, which is a very positive development for the overall health of the market. The last point that I'll make on this is, we can't look at Micro E-minis in isolation. They go hand-in-hand with their older sibling, the E-mini contracts. And when you look at the combined performance and the resilience of the E-minis, the futures conflict at CME for equity indices remains very strong to its most analogous product choice. And that is the ETF. And what I mean by that, if we look at the S&P, we out trade the top three S&P ETFs by a factor of 10.7:1. That, for Q2 of 2023. That is up from a factor of 9.4 one year ago in Q2 of 2022. Same thing for the NASDAQ. This quarter, we out traded the ETFs in our combined futures 9.7:1 versus 7.3 in 2022. And similar to the Dow, this quarter, we outtraded the ETFs 23.3 times that of 16.2 times last year. So despite the slowing growth in Micro E-minis off of a record year, still a very strong equity futures offering here at CME.
Terrence Duffy: Julie? Thanks, Tim.
Julie Winkler: Yeah. And as Tim pointed out, certainly, our equity portion of our retail business is the majority of that, but with equity ball hitting two-year lows, we would expect there to be some softness in the volume. However, our overall retail business remains extremely strong. We had a record setting year last year. And we're looking at just revenue being down slightly this year, which is very, very strong performance. We saw positive growth in both Europe, Greater LATAM and also China in the second quarter. And one of the real barometers that we often mention on this call and for us, is a key sign of the health of this marketplace for retail participation is the total number of retail traders, which was up 7% in Q2 over Q2 of 2022 and also just the number of new traders. So our firm's ability and CME's ability to continue to attract new people, the CME markets, that was also up 4% in Q2 of 2023. So I think from our signs, we certainly see the equity ball had some impact on things. But the fact that we have a diverse asset class, we saw increased activity in some of the other asset classes by our retail participants and feel we're still very well positioned for future growth quarters.
Derek Sammann: Yeah. And just to add a couple of data points to what Julie said specifically. When you look at retail in our metals complex, for example, retail volumes year-to-date are up 21%. And as you know, Metals is our highest rate per contract business at $1.50. Also options growth has benefited from retail participation, up 8% this year. So the benefit of being able to walk into a customer, any customer or distribution partner and offer every major benchmark liquidity product to them means that when sector rotation happens, we're going to be the beneficiary of that. So we see strength in certain asset classes when they set to rotate, whether because you've got normalization of volatility over cost of capital, we're going to benefit from that. And we see that. That's the benefit of the story and the growth behind the franchise.
Terrence Duffy: So Alex, you've heard a few comments. And I think, hopefully, you find them all salient. And one of the things that we talk about in retail, and we always have, it's an ebb and flow situation for a lot of people. Our retail is described a little bit different as more professional type participants, as Ms. Winkler was pointing out. So when you talk about COVID and you talk about other factors, yes, that was in there. But our retail is classified as different than the average person trading on maybe a Robinhood platform or something of that nature. And what Tim had to say about how the competitors are performing against CME, you can clearly see that our volume share is not only not decreasing, but increasing against the lookalike or competitive type products. So hopefully, those questions are been answered properly for you.
Alexander Kramm: Yeah. Lots of great color. Thank you very much.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Bedell: Hi. Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe if I can just go back to the options story. Obviously, that's been improving nicely. The numbers I'm looking at, I think options as a percentage of total ADV was in the mid to high-teens over the last couple of years now. You've sort of vectored above 20%. So I just wanted to sort of try to understand your confidence of that type of trends improving over the next year. And then maybe just talk about the RPC dynamics of the options business first into the future in terms of whether you think that's potentially accretive to RPC. And then you also mentioned on Page 3 of the quarterly earnings commentary about the direct front-end platform, helping stimulate trading of electronic options. Is that just in the energy complex or is that set across the business?
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Brian. Derek and Tim, do you want to start, and then I'm going to...
Derek Sammann: Yeah. In reverse order, I'll actually start with your last question, Brian. So yeah, you've heard us talk on previous calls about CME Direct. That is our proprietary front-end that we provide to our customers that gives them all the functionality, all the analytics, all the capabilities and all the connectivity, including API access to our markets for both futures and options. That really started as a mechanism to make sure that we were able to provide the full breadth of capabilities and services to our global customer base seamlessly, connecting to everything that we have to offer, that's now extended itself. So this is across asset class, not just limited to energy. And the growth that we've seen there has been substantial. It's actually rapidly evolved to become the single largest ISV provider or link into our options business with the highest rates of penetration on the interest rate side. So it's an integral part to our growth story. In the options analytics space, we've developed a whole suite of capabilities, whether it's pre-trade analytics or post-trade tools to help customers look at that positions and strategies they want to implement. That's new capability we developed over the last four to five years. And it's just -- as we continue to expand the tools and capabilities, it just brings more customers that are willing to enable trade options and creates a seamless experience, one single front end into all of our asset classes with a full suite of functional and analytical tools. We think we're still in the early innings of developing those capabilities in partnership with QuikStrike. And we're very happy with the growth that we're seeing there. That's actually becoming a critical part of our futures delivery as well as all of our blocks are reported through there. The last piece I'd note on the front end there is that we're seeing the largest uptake in growth there is from some of our buy-side participants and brokers as well. So this is a platform that brings customers to our market, provides a full suite of services and introduces them to everything we have to offer. The last piece is the -- when you referenced the overall percent of options as a percent of total volume, there's two parts to that. Not only are we seeing options continue to outpace futures, which is positive for the franchise in that more options business brings more embedded futures, hedging associated with it. But as I mentioned at the top of the call, with our options business year-to-date, up about 24%, our non-U.S. options business is growing even faster, up 33% for the first full half year. So when we think about growth levers and opportunities, the way our sales force is out there, specifically educating clients on options use, how to access those tools at CME Group and the growth that we're seeing, we think we've got still a good deal of penetration yet ahead of us when you look at the footprint that we have in options in Europe and Asia versus the U.S. So a lot to like in the story.
Terrence Duffy: So let me just accentuate a couple of points here, Brian, because I think it's really important. We're the largest futures exchange in the world. Our futures franchise is massive. One of the reasons it is what it is, is because of the growth of options. But the real growth is in the future for the out years. So our options business continues to be here better it only bolsters our futures in hedging business going forward. That's, to me, a real story for the future franchise of CME Group. So it's not just an option story like some people are talking about it. They're different firms that they represent. We are futures exchange with options and the options grow the future as well. And that point cannot be missed. I don't want you to think we're on only growing options in futures or not. So that's a very important point that we have to go forward.
Brian Bedell: That's super helpful. And just the RPC dynamics, I guess, of the options versus the futures?
Terrence Duffy: Say it again?
Brian Bedell: The RRC dynamic options versus (ph) the future.
Terrence Duffy: Yeah.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah. So the total RPC this quarter across our options complex was $0.666. So slightly down from what we saw overall. It does depend on asset class, how that will compare and what is trading in terms of those options.
Brian Bedell: Thats great color. Thank you so much.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. And up next, we have a question from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Please go ahead, sir.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Our questions on pricing. Given your success with the larger than usual price hikes earlier this year, could we start to see larger price hikes again next year in 1Q '24 and then again in 1Q '25?
Terrence Duffy: Sure, Craig. It's Terry Duffy. Let me make a comment on that. Price hikes are part of the business, but we're -- it's not the strategy in how we grow the business. So we look -- everybody has got costs that they have are incurring and we're no different. But that's not our strategy to grow the revenue of the company. Our strategy is to grow the business, not grow what we charge. So again, we will continue to look at that on a month-by-month basis and make decisions as we see fit. But we're not prepared to say right now what our pricing will or will not be in the next couple of years on the out years. Lynne?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: And just to add to that. Craig, as you know, we do have a very bottoms-up build on that pricing strategy. This is not an approach where we have a target that we are looking to hit. It's really market by market, product by product, customer type. And we will determine what we think is the right adjustment, if any, for that market. So it's something that we evaluate in that time period. And we don't look at a multiyear pricing strategy. It really depends on the market environment, the health of the market. And what we ultimately are trying never to do is impact volumes because we want to see that velocity of trade moving through our systems given the high level of incremental margins that we earn on that trading.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Criag.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Owen Lau: Hey. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. So I have a quick two-part question. The first one is a follow-up to the market data question. It was up year-over-year, but down sequentially. How much was the one-time payment in the first quarter? And then the second one is about digital assets. I think CME launched Ether/Bitcoin ratio future soon. Could you please give us an update on the digital assets trading and institutional participation in CME? And how could the summary judgment from Judge Torres on the repo case potentially impact CME? Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: So thanks, Owen. I'm going to ask Lynne to give you the first one on the market data question. Then Tim will touch on the digital assets.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah. So Owen, in the first quarter, we saw about $4 million in one-time audit fee and catch-up payments that we didn't see in Q2. This quarter, we saw about $0.5 million in audit fees. So that really explains that differential Q1 to Q2.
Tim McCourt: Great and thanks. When we look at the cryptocurrency complex at CME, you're correct, we recently announced, which I think is an innovative and interesting product. And that is the Bitcoin/Ether ratio spread contract that will go live the weekend of July 29. That's interesting where it's effectively the price of Ether divided by the price of Bitcoin in one contract. That will trade alongside the other cryptocurrency products, including offsets for clearing at CME. When we look at the crypto composite, CME remains strong. Our value proposition remains salient with our institutional client base. We've seen continued adoption of our products in terms of both traders in the OTC space, as well as futures traders as well as the growing importance of our contracts as the underlying of some of the most popular ETFs out there in this space, which are continuing to grow, both creating volume and open interest. When we look at the volume that we're doing in the larger size Bitcoin and Ether contracts, that is up about 6% versus this period, H1 through 2022. And on pace for another strong year in crypto here at CME. When we look at our product development, we do stay currently in the Bitcoin and Ether lane for tradable products. We do have a multitude of reference rates. But with regards to your question about the Ripple case, it's really not in our position to comment on that case. Our mantra and the philosophy that we use is, we will continue to only deploy product as the regulated venue offering regulated products. And we'll wait for further regulatory clarity from the SEC and the CFTC before we introduce this additional product.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Dan. Thank you, Owen.
Owen Lau: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking the question. And the SEC has a number of proposals for centralized clearing in the rates markets for treasuries and repo. So a couple of questions here. I guess, first, Terry, which of the major parts of the clearing proposals are most likely to make their way into the final rules? Maybe second, how do you think these rules could impact rate liquidity and volatility and ultimately flow through CME rate activity? And then lastly, to what extent is participating directly in a clearing platform for treasuries and repo important or even a priority for CME?
Terrence Duffy: Okay. Ken, there's a lot to unpack there and a lot that I don't have the answers for, because these proposals that you're referring to at the SEC and the treasury market, I know, I think there's a lot to be done yet before they're finalized to a point where we see how they're going to be implemented. As far as the trading on the repo, Tim, if you want to comment on that. But on the SEC proposals, Ken, I don't see anything in there that's a negative for CME for starters. I want to make sure I say that, if in fact, it was to go through as proposed. And I see it only as a net positive for CME. So what that is, I don't want to make predictions on what it could or could not be. It reminds me a lot of -- and I don't want to put the same analysis on it, but during 2010 Dodd-Frank, when they said that swaps clearing was going to be worth $1 billion to everybody that had a clearing house, it was a bit of a misdirect because that was made up by some government officials, not us. So I want to be careful on that, Ken, about how do we make any predictions where it's going. But I will say there, I don't see any negatives in any of the proposals for CME as I've gone through them. But Tim, do you want to make a comment on?
Tim McCourt: Sure. I think the one thing I would add is, while we continue to evaluate the proposals and the various suggestions and regulatory reforms that may be discussed, we're certainly looking to participate in those conversations with our clients and with the regulators to see what makes sense from a risk management and a clearing perspective for our customers. As Terry said, very hard to predict what the final rules may look like. But I think broadly speaking, when we look at the totality and the gravity of the interest rate complex at CME across futures and options, cash market or BrokerTec and OTC bearing, we certainly are already in a position of strength to the ability to unlock capital efficiencies for our clients. We are averaging about $7.5 billion of savings across the portfolio margin in the rates complex today. So anything that would increase the velocity or the benefits of central clearing is certainly will be something that we're looking to engage. But it's important to note, not only with our portfolio margin, as Terry said earlier, with big gross margin on the horizon, with the expanded suite of products available to the clients across SOFR, the Ultra 10 notes, the Ultra 10 bonds, is that we're already providing a lot of capital savings to clients, where these may be additive, but we'll have to wait and see how the final rules shake out.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Tim. Thanks, Ken.
Ken Worthington: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And up next, we have a question from the line of Michael Cyprus with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Cyprys: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about capital management. If we look back over the past decade, you guys have returned a tremendous amount of capital through the dividend and primarily the special dividend. A lot of that was during a zero rate backdrop, but with meaningfully higher rates today over 5%. Just curious how the rate backdrop is impacting your calculus and thought process around capital management? And to what extent might you think about evolving, shifting to policy and considering buybacks? Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Mike. I'll let Lynne comment, and I will as well.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah. So as you know, Michael, we've had that policy in place with our variable dividend since 2012. We've returned over $21.5 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends during that time. We do think a lot of our shareholders appreciate the transparency of that approach and the ability to track progress towards it as we move through the year. So we do like both the flexibility and that transparency. That being said, we always do look at alternatives to make sure that the way we are returning capital is the most attractive form for our investor base. And to date, we have found that, that dividend policy has been preferred.
Terrence Duffy: And Michael, just so you know, I mean, as far as share repurchases, we've talked about that. We continue to talk about it. And as Lynne just referenced, we will do what we believe is in the best of the shareholders at that time. So we're not taking anything off the table, but right now, our dividend policy has proven out to be the right one for now.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick [indiscernible] with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead, sir.
Unidentified Participant: Yeah. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So I wanted to go back to the expanded cross margining opportunities with the DTCC. Terry, I know this is something that's been in the works for a little while now. So just wondering what maybe caused this to come to fruition now. And then assuming you do receive regulatory approval and launch in the first quarter, how quickly would you expect that to maybe ramp in terms of client utilization? Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Yeah. Thanks, Patrick. Congratulations on your new role there at the firm. I will say a couple of things. The agreement with DTCC has been in the works for a long time. So you're exactly right, a little frustrating on that part. Why now? I think that when you look at where -- listen, we're only one part of the equation. We needed DTCC to be prepared to do this as well. They had some other projects in the works. They had to finish up. And everything takes a little bit longer than you anticipate. So we couldn't control their side of what they needed to do for this agreement. We have now come to a finalization on this with them. And like I said earlier, we're looking to have this as soon as it's approved, hopefully, being implemented by Q1 of next year. And again, extremely excited about what this could do for the marketplace because of what Tim and others have said what we see in the out years as far as risk management goes and how necessary it's going to be for all products. So if you're going to have that capital efficiencies amongst products is key in order to grow these businesses and make it more efficient for each and every client. So we do believe that this cross margining agreement will be extremely beneficial to the clients and make their capital more efficient, which in return, should benefit CME immensely. Tim, I'll let you comment more on the agreement under what Patrick has raised.
Tim McCourt: Yeah. Thanks, Terry. So again, when we look at this announcement, we're excited, one, that we're finally able to bring this to market early next year. But it's also sort of when we look at the benefit to clients and we looked at the immediate benefits or the near-term benefit. And certainly, the expansions of the products are now available for the cross margin agreement. Again, like, I was saying earlier, that includes our SOFR futures, the Ultra 10-year U.S. Treasury note futures, the Ultra treasury bond futures. The fit clear treasury notes and bonds and repo transactions that have a time to maturity of greater than one year will also be eligible. So this is exciting in terms of trying to unlock those benefits. And as we've said previously on the earnings calls and certainly before, we think our present clients are taking advantage of them, but typically more to the order of 20% or 30%. We do expect to get those offset percentages closer to 70% or slightly higher, but this is the first step, right? The part of -- the important part of entering into these agreements is that we will continue to work with the clients to try and avail even more capital efficiencies after this initial rollout. This is something that we're engaging with clients about and we'd look to further expand the program to allow clients to avail these efficiencies, in addition to the common [indiscernible] the proprietary accounts. So lots of things on the horizon that we continue to explore years down the road beyond just the initial rollout of early next year.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Tim. Thanks, Patrick.
Unidentified Participant: Really helpful. Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we now have a question from the line of Chris Allen with Citi. Please go ahead, sir.
Chris Allen: Yeah. Good morning, everyone. I was wondering if we could get an update on the collateral balances, both cash and non-cash, during the quarter related to revenues to generate during the quarter where they currently stand for July?
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Chris. Lynne?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Sure. If we look at the quarter, the average balance for cash was $120.1 billion, that was up from $109.6 billion last quarter. For the non-cash balances, we saw $109.4 billion on average, up from $99.2 billion in the first quarter. So we earned $107 million on the cash balances this quarter and just under $20 million on the non-cash balances this quarter. Again, that non-cash amount rolls through the other revenue line. If you look at year-to-date -- month-to-date so far in July, the balances in cash have come down. We're seeing about $100.9 billion in cash on average so far in July and the non-cash balances so far this month are running at $127.9 billion.
Terrence Duffy: Great. Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. And we now have a question from the line of Andrew Bond with Rosenblat Securities. Please go ahead.
Andrew Bond: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. So energy open interest is beginning to trend upward from the longer-term decline. Can you talk a little bit about the overall health of the energy business, the drivers here structurally? And if the geopolitical environment is still impacting current trends in natural gas and oil? Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Andrew. Good question and Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yeah. It's -- I think we've seen a really nice return to, I would say, normalized levels of volatility and therefore, normalized levels of margin required to trade this. We saw some of that business shift up, particularly financial players step out of the energy business last year and we're seeing that business return significantly. You pointed to the trend, not just in the open interest, but volumes as well. When you look at the primary drivers, there are some cyclical, some structural. The cyclicals we are certainly put ourselves in the position to be the biggest beneficiaries of those. And you look at particularly, the strength of a globalizing natural gas franchise that is really globally centered around Henry Hub, natural gas continues to be exported at record amounts out of the U.S. through the LNG facilities. That's at max capacity right now. There are more facilities coming on board over the next five years. So from a term perspective, CME Group's Henry Hub franchise is the central pricing point for global natural gas. When you look at growth across the client segments there, we're seeing significant growth in actually new client acquisition is happening the fastest in natural gas with our European customer base. That shouldn't surprise given some of the challenges that Ukraine War has posed in terms of disruption to fuel supplies of both crude and natural gas. So when we look at that global growth, that's particularly strong in natural gas out of Europe. And we're seeing significant growth in options there as well. It's a similar structural story that's taking place in crude oil. As you know, in June, Platts implemented a Midland WTI marker into the Brent basket. And that has actually just further reinforced WTI as the primary global benchmark setting the price of oil in terms of the outsized footprint WTI has in the pricing of oil. Seeing the shift, and as I talked about on last call that overtime, WTI would be that global physical benchmark of reference, that position has only strengthened. And we have taken a significant work to build out. As I mentioned before, the Gulf Coast crude grades contracts, that connects specifically our physically delivered WTI contract out to the export market as the U.S. is now exporting over 4 million barrels a day, a record clip as well. So those contracts themselves have over 500,000 open interest. That complements the growth of just under 2 million contracts open interest in WTI. So the structural shifts for both Henry Hub, a market that we own 82% market share of, and WTI market, we own 90% market share of, will continue to be central to not just the energy transition, but growth in the franchise overall across client segments.
Terrence Duffy: Andrew, let me just say one more thing because you referenced it, and I talk about this a lot too, is geopolitical. I think geopolitical has got a factor in every single trade and every single asset class going forward. I mean, the tensions around the world are just amazing when you look at not only with the -- what's going on between Ukraine and Russia and the rest of the world being involved at the potential of what's going on between China and Taiwan, I mean, the tensions are so high all over the world. The geopolitical has a factor in every one of these markets and risk management is critical to it. So I think you're spot on for raising the geopolitical risk, but it's not only associated with LNG. It's across the board.
Andrew Bond: Thanks, Terry and Derek.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Bedell: Great. My questions have been answered. Just one clarification. The rate paid -- or I'm sorry, the rate earned on the cash collateral balances in the second quarter and the rate that you're paying out to the clients?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yeah. So the rate on the Fed accounts remains at the 25 basis points. It's been at that level for the last eight rate hikes. We are earning -- we earned in the second quarter about 34 basis points, up just slightly from what we had seen in Q1.
Brian Bedell: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back to the management for their closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Terrence Duffy: Let me thank all of you for participating in the call today. We appreciate your questions and the opportunity to answer them. Have a nice day and we look forward to speaking to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Thank you once again. Have a great day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-26 11:35:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the CME Group First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, April 26th, 2023. It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Adam Minick, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Adam Minick: Good morning and I hope youre all doing well today. We will be discussing CME Groups first quarter 2023 financial results. I will start with the Safe Harbor language and then Ill turn it over to Terry. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statement. Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Lastly, on the final page of the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, Ill turn the call over to Terry.
Terry Duffy: Thank you, Adam, and thank you all for joining us this morning. We released our executive commentary earlier today, which provides details on the first quarter of 2023. I'll make a few brief comments on the quarter and current outlook, and Lynne will summarize our financial results. In addition to Lynne, we have other members of our management team present to answer questions after the prepared remarks. John Pietrowicz is also on the call with us this morning. John will be staying on with CME through at least the end of the year as a Special Advisor to the company. Among other things, John's responsibilities will continue to be to work with Investor Relations activities. But this is the first for John to be on the call not in the CFO role. So John, please don't jump in when Lynne is speaking. I'd like to thank you, John, for your over eight years as CFO as well as your important work at CME prior to that. John has been a key part of every major milestone our company has achieved over the last 20 years. And we thank him for his many contributions to our business and we look forward to continually working with John throughout the balance of the year. With that, I will turn to a few comments regarding the first quarter, which was continued evidence of this new era of uncertainty. As I said in my Financial Times op-ed from February, risk management has been elevated from a supporting player to the star attraction as investors are managing portfolios with near constant market challenges. Following the best year in CME Group's history, first quarter 2023 average daily volume increased 4% from an extremely strong first quarter 2022 to 26.9 million contracts and was just short of our all-time quarterly record average daily volume in the first quarter of 2020 of 27 million contracts. This quarter included our all-time highest single-day volume of 66.3 million contracts on March 13th. All of this and other things have led us to the highest adjusted diluted EPS in the history of CME Group. Throughout the entire quarter, there were shifting perceptions about the Fed's near-term rate path as well as significant banking concerns in March and the continued development of the SOFR market led to the increasing need for the management of interest rate risk. This drove 16% growth in our interest rate ADV to the record 14.5 million contracts. Record March SOFR future's ADV of 5.2 million contracts exceeded previous record seen in Eurodollar futures. And since quarter end, we successfully completed the migration of our Eurodollar open interest to SOFR without issue on April 15th. In addition, our past investments in building out our options franchises are paying off. With such turbulent macroeconomic backdrop, options are an increasingly important risk management tool. First quarter options ADV grew 26% year-over-year to a record 5.8 million contracts, including double-digit growth across interest rates, equities and metals and 30% growth in non-US trading activity. First quarter options revenue grew 12% to a record $218 million. The first quarter was a great example of CME Group seamlessly doing what we are designed to do. The significant volatility spikes and associated turmoil affecting the banking sector in March further highlighted the systemic importance of sound risk management practices by institutional participants. There are no guarantees, but hedging can provide certainty. And the significant first quarter activity highlighted that some of today's most important trades are to manage risk. The future is more uncertain than ever, but we know we can expect a whirlwind of geopolitical and economic hurdles to persist. And we will continue to focus on innovating and offering market participants meaningful capital and operational efficiencies across a diverse and global relevant product set to manage their risk. With that, I will turn the call over to our new CFO, Lynne Fitzpatrick, to cover the first quarter financial results.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Terry. CME had the best quarterly results in our history. During the first quarter, CME generated over $1.4 billion in revenue, up 7% compared with a strong first quarter in 2022. Overall revenue growth outpaced volume growth of 4%. Market data had a record revenue quarter, up 9% versus Q1 2022 to $166 million. The need for our products and data to manage risk in an uncertain market environment continued to build on the strength seen last year. Expenses on an adjusted basis were $459 million for the quarter, and $362 million excluding license fees and approximately $12 million towards our cloud migration. CME had an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.4%, which resulted in an adjusted net income of $882 million, up 15% from the first quarter last year and adjusted diluted earnings per share to common shareholders of $2.42, the highest adjusted quarterly net income and EPS in our history. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were approximately $16 million. CME paid dividends during the quarter of over $2 billion, and our ending cash balance was approximately $1.7 billion. The team at CME Group remains focused on providing the risk management products needed by our clients and driving earnings growth for our shareholders. Before we open up the call for your questions, I'm going to briefly hand it back to Terry.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Lynne. And before we get to your questions, as Lynne said, I want to take a few  just a moment to acknowledge Sean Tully, who announced his decision to retire from CME Group in June of this year. Since joining us in 2012, Sean has been a strong leader for our financial products business and continuing to grow that through the period of tremendous growth and transformation. I especially want to recognize Sean for his outstanding job that he and his team did in the interest rates to facilitate the successful transition from LIBOR to SOFR. This was no small feat. As many people on this call remember, we had many conversations prior to the transition about where we're going to be able to transition or where others are going to do. Sean and Aga and others did an amazing job of bringing 99.99% of the SOFR business here to CME Group. And now it's the largest contract in the world, supplanting what Eurodollar futures used to be. It's really an amazing accomplishment. Following Sean's retirement in June, Tim McCourt, who has been overseeing our equity index and foreign exchange cryptocurrency business will assume Sean's responsibilities and lead the organization covering our financial and OTC products as well, the utmost confident in Tim's ability to manage this broader portfolio. So, Sean, on behalf of everybody here, we'll have more accolades with you off the call. But thank you for everything you've done, and maybe you could say a few words to people that you've been talking to for so many years.
Sean Tully: Yes. Thank you so much, Terry. It has been an honor to work at CME Group these past 11 years to work with you, Terry, and the entire outstanding team at CME with all of our customers, with our investors, with our analysts and with our regulators. Together, we delivered enormous value to market participants, including several billion per day in margin efficiencies and many new products, including many new options, many new currencies in OTC swap clearing, ultra 10-year futures, SOFR futures and options, and CME term SOFR. And for investors in the first quarter of 2023, we delivered all-time record revenue for our rates business with SOFR futures and options ADV exceeding the best-ever quarter for Eurodollar futures and options ADV historically as well as delivering a 9.8% compounded annual growth rate in revenue for the rates business since the first quarter of 2012. Last, having worked closely with Tim McCourt and Aga over the last several years, I am very confident that the financials business is in extremely capable hands going forward. Thank you to all of our customers. Thank you to all my colleagues, and thank you again, Terry.
Terry Duffy: Thank you, Sean. Appreciate it very much. With that being said, we're going to get into your questions now. And Sean will be participating in that. So, I'm sure you will enjoy his answers as always. So, with that, we'll turn it over to you for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Rich Repetto: Yes, good morning Terry and team. And first, I'd just like to echo your comments and congrats, John P. and Sean, as well on the transitions. Anyway, so Terry, you brought up that risk management focus that you -- in your editorial pretty timely with a banking crisis two weeks afterwards. But down at the FIA, we talked about sort of the longer term impact that it could have on risk management and utilization of the CME product. So, I was just trying to get an update after what time has passed and just get some insight, I guess, from Terry and Sean about the conversations you have with risk management focus on these mid-tier banks, what might change, and what might it mean to the CME going forward?
Terry Duffy: It's hard to predict the future, Rich, but we did say down at the conference you're referring to on Boca because of what's going on and because of -- if you look at history, some of the things that have gone on and then return to seeing our business grow because people understand that they need to manage risk in order to continue to stay in business for themselves. So some of these second and third-tier banks who did not hedge some of their portfolios, this is a big push by not only Sean and Tim McCourt and their teams but also by Julie Winkler and her sales team to cross sell. But again, I think what's important here is we talked about some of the second and third-tier banks mostly will be doing swaps, which we think is actually fine for us because they're normally going to be doing a swap against a larger bank, and that larger bank will be doing the layoff in CME Group. So we see that as a net positive, and that's how we've been going through this internally with our own folks here, Rich, since we saw each other probably down in Boca and putting more work into that. So Julie and her team have been doing that along with Sean and Tim, and I'll let them comment. But that is a big push that we're looking at to show people the benefits even if you're doing a swap, we think there's a benefit to the liquidity that we provide for the banks to lay out that risk from the swap. Sean or Tim or Julie, you want to talk about that?
Sean Tully: I'll just say that we have initiated a sales campaign specifically focused on regional banks across the firm. And we are very focused on providing them with the interest rate swaps and other products that they need in order to better manage their risk. We are very excited about offering them that, especially with our OTC interest swap clearing. And as Terry said, whatever swaps they do in addition to potentially increasing our OTC swap clearing business, the back side of those swaps will be hedged by larger banks either using our futures or the BrokerTec US treasury platform. So the better people manage risk, the better it is for themselves, and the better it is for CME and CME shareholders.
Terry Duffy: Tim or Julie, anything else?
Julie Winkler: I would just add, I think the relationships with a lot of these regional banks has definitely been something we've been working on as we've got the term SOFR benchmark here at CME Group. This was a key asset of which these individuals, these firms needed access to this rate. And so getting out, licensing those firms up was an activity that we've been doing over the last 1.5 years. And so those relationships are not -- I mean, are still relatively new, but the fact that we have them within our clients' outreach is a key part of this. And a lot of it is education, and this is something that CME Group has a very long history of doing very well and something that we'll continue to do with these firms.
Terry Duffy: Rich
Rich Repetto: Yes, definitely. And the focus on risk management couldn't have been more timely. It's been great working with both Sean and John. Thanks.
Sean Tully: Thanks a lot, Rich. Really appreciate it.
John Pietrowicz: Thank you, Rich.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning, and congrats to both Sean and John as well. A question is on market data. Obviously, the price increase that went into effect drove some of the sequential growth and I guess, record revenue. But you talk about also increasing subscribers. So just curious about this is a good starting off or jumping off point here for revenue. And then ultimately, where these subscribers are coming from? Is it mostly retail, or how we can think about momentum in the market data business?
Terry Duffy: Why don't I have Lynne start, and then we'll go to Julie?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Sure. Thanks, Dan. So if you look at the market data revenue this year, we did grow 9% off of the first quarter last year. You have the impact of the price increase, which went into effect in January. As a reminder, that was about a 4% increase for market data. Also within this line, you do have about $4 million in audit fees and catch-up payments for prior period activity. These do tend to be more episodic. For comparison, there was about $1 million in this type of fees in Q4. So it's a combination of that pricing increase as well as the increased subscriber count, which I can turn to Julie to talk about what she's seeing there.
Julie Winkler: Yes. So, thanks for the question, Dan. Certainly, last year, throughout 2022, we also saw continued strong demand for our professional devices and our real-time data. We offer the largest suite of proprietary data of anyone. And I think people especially post-pandemic have seen the value in that and the fact that we've continued to invest in the data sets that we offer and the technology and how they are receiving that data. So, Q1, we saw just a continuation of that trend. And also, there's other aspects of the business, particularly as we think about organic growth under our non-display licensing. So, this is where people have needs to utilize our data and other algorithms and trading applications. And so this is another part of the business, up almost 9%. And alongside all of this, we've set up in the last two years this dedicated sales team. And I'd be remiss without saying that is having an impact on the results, right? We are in a position where historically, we had not been out there selling market data and explaining to people what was actually available. And I think we're starting to see some uplift from that as well. So, it is institutional users to your question. This is not coming from new retail participants.
Dan Fannon: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Yes, hey good morning everyone. I feel like this is a throwaway question that we ask every time after we have a big quarter like we had in the first quarter, but I guess it has to be asked every time, obviously, with April off to a slow start. I know we see this, again, time and time again, you have a lot of volatility, a lot of changes in the environment, and then things get a little bit quiet when people have to lick their wounds a little bit. But curious, Terry, if there's anything you would point to that speak to the underlying fundamentals of the market, any particular slowdown in any particular client types or anything that would make you think differently around what you're seeing so far this quarter? I know it's hard to predict, but it's got to be asked.
Terry Duffy: No, and I appreciate that, Alex, and it does need to be asked. And I think a couple of different things here at play in April. April is historically one of the slowest months in the industry and for whatever reason. It's been that way for a number of years. Don't have the reason why that is the case. One of them, I guess, would be that we don't have a role in April. So, that's one thing of interest. But one of the things I look at is really not just only our company. I look at the broader industry across the Board. And if I thought that we were the only one suffering in a lower volume environment in the month of April, while everybody else was gaining, I'd be a little bit more concerned. And I'm talking apples-to-apples in the futures world. So, that is not the case. Everybody is kind of on the same pace in April as they've been historically. So, this is nothing new. And it's a phenomenon that's gone on for years. When I was younger, we saw the month of August being traditionally a slower one because of European holiday shutting down and things of that nature. Things just kind of move around a bit. For whatever reason, this happens to be the slower month that we've seen over the last several years. But what's interesting about April as we've had our metals complex has been up. Our ag complex is up, and our energy, say, 33% and metals ag running around 15%, energy up still over 3% for the month of April. So that is a bright sign. So, the beauty of CME Group, Alex, as you know, we're not just one asset class. We're a multi-asset class organization. So, when we do see slowdowns, we have said historically seen pickups in others, and I think this is an example of that, maybe not for the volume that of 66.3 million, but we are definitely seeing an uptick in other asset classes when others are down.
Alex Kramm: All right, fair enough. I'll jump back in the queue.
Terry Duffy: Thank you, Alex.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning. And also congrats to John and Sean and Lynne as well. Question on -- two-part question, but mostly focused on the debt ceiling negotiations and the two-parters are number one, how do you see the negotiations as well as just the continued debate on the Fed cycle and the volatility that could occur in the 10-year, the long end of the curve, impacting volumes? Maybe just some commentary around that. And then I guess -- and maybe that's for Sean. And then on the debt ceiling negotiations, maybe Terry, just your view of whether this time is similar to past negotiations? Do you think things will be reconciled well, or is this time different? And then I guess if we do have a default scenario, what -- how would that impact the treasury futures?
Terry Duffy: So, this is purely a speculation question at best, as you can imagine, Brian, because I've been around long enough to watch the 2011 debt negotiation literally go down to the last hour before the clock ran out on government spending. And there was a negotiation between then speaker and then President Barack Obama. So, you never know what's going to happen. I can only tell you a few things. And one of the things I'm saying to my folks here in the organization is when you look at the setup today in Congress, one of the things I look at as far as where this may or may not go, you can only see so much, right? So, the speaker is going to propose a piece of legislation that's got massive cuts associated with it over the next 10 years. The President is not going to like that, and in return, the Speaker is offering up $1.5 trillion in lifting to the debt ceiling. That's going to be the legislation. That may pass the House, but if they lose five votes, then it doesn't pass the House. So, pretty interesting dynamic right now. That probably won't go anywhere in the Senate or it probably won't go anywhere with the administration. So, then we go on to the next round of negotiations. So, let's think a little bit about how the negotiations at work in Washington right now. As you recall, if anybody is a student of politics, you saw that there's 15 rounds of votes going for the Speaker of the House. And in those 15 rounds, there was a handful of people that were trying to extract certain things for their benefit, maybe holding the Speaker's feet to the fire on certain things. I was not part of it, but you can only assume what was going on because the votes finally got to a place, which means there was a negotiation going on. So, I'm assuming that negotiation will continue on, but the difference this time is you're dealing with a much different Congress with Republicans holding the majority, obviously, in the House side and then looking to extract a lot of cuts. Whether you agree with it or not, it's not for me to make that decision. I'm just telling you what I see. So, I wouldn't be surprised if they don't get something passed out of the gate. And -- but then we'll have to see where it goes. Historically, people never want to go back to their districts and be the person who did not vote for a debt ceiling lift, which could hurt the US economy or hurt the US --. We had a downgrade in this country before. I'm not saying it's happening again, but there are people that -- they have firm beliefs that you have to look at the long picture, and the government spending is out of control. These are not my words, these are theirs. So, I just want to make sure I say that. So, I think it's going to be a little bit more tricky than historical debt ceiling that we've seen. And as far as the Fed cycle goes, I'll let Sean comment on that, what it means to it, and then maybe Sunil can comment about the treasuries, what it means, if anything, to us.
Sean Tully: Yes. Thanks very much for the question. Thank you, Terry. In terms of the Fed, just looking at our futures markets, it's expected that the Fed will tighten by 25 basis points at the upcoming F1C meeting likely and then over the next year and a half, reduce rates by 200 basis points. So, obviously, there's huge uncertainty built into that yield curve that people are going to need to manage. Going from this extraordinary tightening cycle, excuse me, to a very quick, large easing cycle. And the exact timing of that, it creates an incredibly uncertain environment where people are going to need to hedge risk. So, I think that, that cycle will continue to be positive for us. Bigger picture in terms of treasury issuance in regards to the debt ceiling, in the first quarter of this year, the US Treasury only issued $64 billion net of coupons. So, with a $1.4 trillion deficit, the treasury is not issuing a lot of coupons. And obviously, $64 billion in new issuance is unsustainable. They've been driving down the treasury general account in order to be able to do that. So, I would expect a very large increase going forward in US Treasury issuance in order to cover that very large deficit and that, that would, at some point, provide a very nice tailwind for our business. And with that, I'll hand it over to Sunil.
Sunil Cutinho: I'll cover two areas. One is operational and the other is risk. From an operational perspective, the Treasury Market Practitioners Group has put out a document on best practices on handling maturing securities and coupons. CME works with SIFMA and other industry bodies to actually align those on the operational side. On the risk side, we have handled these scenarios -- similar scenarios in the past. We don't take it lightly. And as Terry pointed out, we are also taking into account a different environment, a political environment. So, taking all of those into account, we manage risk with respect to our collateral and as well as our interest rate market, both long end and the short end. And as an example, you can see that in March was one of the most stressful periods for rates. And the clearing has -- the CME clearing has and its clearing members really manage that very well. So, I have no doubt they'll do the same.
Terry Duffy: So, Brian, I think your question is very relevant and there is a lot of attention. We can only do what we can do here. We're here to manage risk for people who are analyzing these situations day in and day out. My comments as it relates to the 15 rounds to elect a Speaker, could that play in to the debt ceiling? People might say, well, that is nothing -- one has nothing to do with the other. You can only analyze what the amount of information you have. And that's the limited amount of information we have right now. So we are preparing, as Sunil and Sean have said, to make sure that we are prepared for our clients to manage risk. And I agree with Sean. I think it creates a tailwind for us irrespectively on the outcome of how the government settles this one way or another. So thank you for your question.
Brian Bedell: Yes, thats a lot of great color. Thanks. Thanks so much everyone.
Terry Duffy: Thanks Brian.
Operator: Our next question is from Kyle Voigt with KBW. Please go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Hey good morning. I just want to make sure I'm understanding the dynamics around the LIBOR transition correctly. Because as you noted earlier in April, we did see a material step down in Eurodollar futures open interest as the product transitioned. But we didn't really see a commensurate step-up in SOFR futures open interest at that time. So, if we look at aggregate futures OI for the rates complex, it's not down year-on-year. I'm just trying to understand whether to interpret that change in OI trend over the past couple of months as more related to a short-term dynamic around the LIBOR transition or whether this is a result of the extreme interest rate volatility we saw in March and if that caused any deleveraging more broadly across your user base. So, any additional color helping us understand what's kind of driving some of the OI changes in rates specifically, given the moving pieces here would be very helpful.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Kyle. Sean, do you want to start and then--
Sean Tully: Very good question. Thanks, Kyle. The interest rate business just went through was really the single largest transition in its entire history. And Kyle, I'm very glad to say that if you look at the year-over-year open interest for the interest rate futures and options complex is up 2%. Yes, it's only up 2%, but it is up 2%, having gone through that transition. You are correct. We saw a small uplift in the overall open interest, but only small. If you look at what we did on April 15 is we converted each and every Eurodollar future and each and every Eurodollar option into its respective SOFR future and SOFR options. As you can imagine, there are participants who would have had offsetting positions between those two different instruments. And therefore, those trades would have compressed. If you look at the first quarter, another question we've gotten a lot historically is what was the basis trading or the spread trading between SOFR futures and Eurodollar futures. And that was in the first quarter, about 150,000 contracts a day.  So, we saw a compression. It was very uncertain from my perspective. And at my level, we do not see the individual accounts and the individual account positions. They are confidential inside the FCMs. So, we would not have known what level of compression we would have gotten through that process. And you can see the results. Again, I am heartened that overall, open interest in listed futures and options is up year-over-year.
Terry Duffy: And Kyle, I think some of the things you look at is also if you had a concern, did anybody else pick up open interest in a listed product such as SOFR and why we didn't get it. And as I said in my earlier comments, 99.99% of all open interest is here at CME Group. So, we didn't see that. And for whatever reason, people take down risk or add risk. That is their decision. As we said earlier, we're here to manage it. So, open interest fluctuations up and down are something that we've all seen historically in this business forever.
Kyle Voigt: Very helpful. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks Kyle.
Operator: Our next question is from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Owen Lau: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. So, CME has a strong balance sheet. Could you please give us an update on the M&A strategy? And any gaps that you would like to fill both locally and internationally, given that the valuation of many companies have come down quite a bit? Thank you.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Sure. Thanks Owen. So, certainly, M& A is something that we are comfortable with and we've used a number of different tools over the years from large-scale M&A to creation of joint ventures to our most recent investment in the index joint venture with S&P last year. We're always looking at what is out in the market and looking for opportunities for us to create value for our shareholders. We do feel that we are coming from a position of strength though, given some of our past transactions. So, we don't feel a pressure to act unless we see something where we really can create that value. So, I would say that nothing has changed in that regard. It's something that is part of our tool chest that we are happy to use when we see the right opportunity come up.
Owen Lau: Got it. Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Hi, good morning guys. Thanks for the question. I was hoping you could spend a minute on competitive dynamics in the equity derivative space. Obviously, SPX options at [indiscernible] seen really nice growth, and a lot of it came from the dailies, understanding that it's a different product set than E-mini and micro and mini futures for you guys. But are you seeing any evidence of substitution away from your complex? And if so, what sort of customer group is that mostly prevalent in? thanks.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Alex. Tim, do you want to go ahead and address that?
Tim McCourt: Yes. Thank you, Alex, for the question. I think when we look at the option growth in the equity complex, it's certainly a growth versus growth story. And we're seeing very strong growth here at CME. When we look at the equity options complex at CME for options on futures, we've had a record Q1 ADV of over 1.3 million contracts, which is up 7% versus 2022 full year and up 11% versus Q1 of 2022. When we look at some of this growth, you can't ignore the multiyear trend of increasingly short-dated options coming to market as a result of the market wanting more precise risk management. The same-day expiring options or zero DTEs is the latest step in that trend, where CME also has zero DTEs every day of the week in the S&P out for five weeks. We continue to introduce products that are important to our customers and we've seen various growth in those same-day expiring often. They're up over 41% in Q1 versus the 2022 full year volume. But when we look at these expirations, it's important to note at CME that we also have over 50% growth in Q1 versus 2022 full year in our options that are longer than one week in expiration. The story at CME is not just the same-day expiring option. We have very strong growth and growing open interest in our complex with the Q1 average open interest for equity options being 5.2 million contracts, up about 8% year-over-year. But also let's look more broadly at CME. This is not just an equity option story. We have very strong options offering at CME with a record Q1 ADV of 5.8 million contract with 26% growth versus Q1 of 2022 across all of our options and also set quarterly records not only in equity but also interest rate options at CME. We've also had very strong growth in our metal complex options, up about 24%. And our non-US option ADV is up about 30% over the same period last year. So, not only are we growing, we're not -- certainly not seeing our participants turn to other markets because they can manage all of their option-related risk here at CME.
Terry Duffy: Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yes, I'd just add -- Tim talked more broadly. I mean, this is such a differentiating factor for CME Group, where we've got core benchmark liquidity in every major asset cost, not just in the future, but more importantly, in the options. Options are critical because options actually create a stickier futures environment for customers because of the capital and operational efficiencies of the offsets in our clearinghouse. Tim mentioned the success that we've had across the franchise as a whole. And just to repeat what Terry said at the top of the call, we had a record revenue quarter of $218 million in Q1 of this year, and that was broad growth across the entire franchise. And as it relates to the sticky value proposition, customers are using the story, particularly as it relates to options as a broader part of their overall set of risk management tools. And yes, we're seeing a shift to short-dated options. We ourselves set a record in our weekly options across the franchise as a whole 1.4 million contracts, but that actually was not what drove that record 5.8 million. That actually represented about 25% of our options complex down from 30% last quarter. So, our growth is in term risk management tools out across the curve. End users, open interest holders, our biggest client segment growth driver for the entire franchise with buy side. That tells you who is using our products. And particularly, we saw that true -- ring true particularly strongly in our energy complex and Henry Hub natural gas franchise. Not only did we see our natural gas options business up 16% against really difficult comps of last year, but we're seeing that business up again in April, as Terry referenced, energy up as a whole about 3% this year, in large part due to what we're seeing in Henry Hub gas options and futures. So, it's a broad-based story. It's one that differentiates us from our competitors. It's term open interest, and you know what open interest means to transactional revenues and volume and client capture. So, we're excited about that. We've had great success in building our front end. We'll continue to serve the needs of customers globally. And I think the data points we shared today speak to a strong strengthening franchise for futures and options.
Alex Blostein: Okay. Thanks for the detail. But just to be clear, you're announcing substitution with competitive products and equity options?
Derek Sammann: That is correct.
Alex Blostein: Thanks.
Terry Duffy: Thanks Alex.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Allen with Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Allen: Yes, morning everyone. Maybe you could just talk a little bit about pricing and rate per contract. I was wondering if you could give any color what the price might look like on a full quarter basis if the price increases had been there? And on the member mix shifting, is this just something you're seeing in the first quarter of this year, or has it been a longer term trend? I know you've had new sales efforts in different asset classes, too, whether it's regional banks or other players on FX and things like that. So, just trying to get a better sense of pricing trajectory moving forward.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Sure. Chris, this is Lynne. I'll start on that. If you look at the pricing increases overall, we saw a $0.013 increase on 23% increase in volumes sequentially. So, we saw a real strong capture there. What we're seeing if we look year-over-year, where volume levels are a bit more similar going from about 26 million contracts a day last Q1 to nearly 27 million contracts a day this year, we saw a 3% uplift in RPC. So, if we take a step back and look overall, we still feel comfortable with that guidance we provided at the 4% to 5% increase based on the full year, assuming similar volume to 2022. We feel like that has really pulled through. What we're most excited about is we are seeing continued strong liquidity and tight bid-ask spreads across the products. And we're not seeing an impact to our markets based on these changes. In terms of the changes on the member mix, that is going to ebb and flow. It depends on the product, and it depends on the time. I don't see an overall long-term trend on that.
Chris Allen: Great. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Chris, you only saw two months out of a full quarter impact. So, you'll see a full quarter impact in Q2.
Chris Allen: Understood. Thanks.
Terry Duffy: Thanks Chris.
Operator: Our next question from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. I wanted to follow-up on Alex's question on zero date options. We're hearing more market makers are using them to delta hedge. Is there any pricing advantage that you see in zero date options versus futures? If so, why wouldn't this trend sort of continue? And do you have an estimate of how much of the E-mini business is really used to delta hedge by your institutional investors?
Tim McCourt: Yes. Thanks Ken. So, I think it's an interesting question, right? One, I don't necessarily agree with the concept that zero DTE options are a replacement for futures. I mean, fundamentally, options are nonlinear products that have very dramatically different risk profiles intraday that do not line up with the one form movement of the index that a future does. So, I don't think it's replacing because I think that is not necessarily a fit-for-purpose hedge in replace of E-mini options. The one thing that I will say that's great is when we look at the totality of the equity ecosystem, our E-mini complex at CME is the leading price formation for equity index products across the globe. As such, we are also the preferred hedge vehicle for the totality of index trading that goes on, whether that's hedging SPX options, whether it's hedging OTC swaps, whether that's hedging ETF activity. So, these are things that we all see that risk recycling into our market as the primary venue for equities. When we look though also at the market maker activity relating to your question from just what's publicly available as a function of RPC, trading those options in lieu of E-minis is not a cost-effective strategy for market makers or members in CME. And I don't necessarily think that is happening from the fundamental economics available at CME versus other venues.
Terry Duffy: So Ken, we appreciate your question, appreciate your hearing, but I think there's some talking in their book. But I think Tim gave a pretty specific example about true risk management, what it is. So thank you for that question, though.
Ken Worthington: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you. Good morning. Continuing with the options theme but a different question here, coming back to the strong and record options activity that you guys are seeing. Can you just talk about the sustainability of this level of activity? How broad-based is that across your customer set? And what would you say is the opportunity for continued options usage across your customer set? And maybe you could talk about some of the steps that you're planning to take over the next 12 to 18 months around product development to drive continued growth and options from here?
Terry Duffy: Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yes, great question. The reality is the growth of our options is accelerating growth in our future. As we mentioned before, it's a sticky value proposition for customers that are using options in their portfolio hedging and the cross margin efficiencies they can't get anywhere else. To your question on the kind of spread of participation across our client segments, this is a broad set of participants that's driving growth. We -- as I mentioned before, buy side, in a record quarter for us, our buy side participation in options was up over 40%. Props are up in kind of the mid-20%. We saw growth in retail. We saw commercials and banks participate. So, this is broad-based participation. As I mentioned before, I can't stress enough that the reason the customers are using options here is because they're adding increasing amounts of that to their portfolios out across the curve. So, Tim mentioned the position that we have in open interest in the equity side of the business. We're seeing that growth across all asset classes as well. What I think was mentioned briefly before that with the overall franchise being up at record levels, our non-US growth is even faster than our growth inside the US, growing at 30%. So, we see growth across client segments. We see growth across geographies. When you actually look at the rates of growth out across the board, we saw our EMEA options business up 41%, our LatAm options customer business, up 29%, and our Asia-Pacific business, up 16%. So, as it relates to the sustainability, it relates to the client efforts, it relates to the front-end work we've done in CME Direct, which is our own front end. We've got record participation and record revenue generation through our own front end, which is expanding access to client base, either directly through our connection to us or for our partners as well. On top of that, we've been continuing to build option-specific sales assets in our regions in Europe and Asia. We're seeing the fruits of that. Julie can speak to the sales campaigns that we execute in any given year and the staff that we have that's out not only training customers on how to access our front end but with a significant amount of educational resources that were put in place in Europe and Asia to draw more customers US to increase their participation in options across the board. So, hopefully, that addresses the kind of the growth and scale of the opportunity set. We continue to see outsized growth outside the US. And we'll continue to grow and develop those products that suit customer needs.
Michael Cyprys: Thanks Derek. Appreciate it.
Terry Duffy: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Simon Clinch with Atlantic Equities. Please go ahead.
Simon Clinch: Hi everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if I could just get some housekeeping numbers for you from in terms of the cash collateral versus noncash and sort of what the earned rate was on the cash collateral as well, please?
Terry Duffy: Lynne?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes, sure. So, if we look at the cash collateral for this quarter, we earned $93 million on those balances. The average balances were down a bit from last quarter, but turn did increase from 32 basis points to 33 basis points. So, if we look at the averages, if we look at Q1, we were at 109.6 in average balances in cash. That compares to 117.6 that we saw in Q4. On the non-cash collateral side, may be helpful as well. We had average balances for Q1 of $99.2 billion, that's up from $89.7 billion that we saw in Q4. And a reminder that those -- the earnings on the non-cash collateral comes through in our other revenue line.
Simon Clinch: Okay, great. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks Simon.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Terry Duffy: Good morning.
Craig Siegenthaler: I have a follow-up to Chris' question, but wanted to really focus on the rates business. The rates RPC was down 1% quarter-on-quarter despite the 1Q hike. So I'm wondering if you can comment on the underlying organic trends which impacted the blended RPC and explain why revenues per contract trended lower despite the hikes?
Terry Duffy: Sean?
Sean Tully: Yes, sure. I'm happy to do that. If you look at the first quarter and actually, if you look at the year-to-date, our treasury futures overall year-to-date are only up 1% in terms of their volumes. So, the huge growth that we saw in the first quarter was driven by the short-term interest rate futures. And as you know and as we have reported many times, the RPC on our STIRs complex is about $0.10 below our [indiscernible] complex. So, that massive increase that we saw on the short end driven by the silver futures and options as well as the huge growth where we do have some volume tiers, right, led to a somewhat lower RPC. If you look at the RPC for SOFR futures and options post the February 1st increase, SOFR futures and options RPC are now matching the historic levels of Eurodollar futures and options. So we have delivered the volumes and the RPCs for those products. And that drop in RPC relative to the much stronger growth in STIRs is not a surprise, it's as expected.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. And if I could just take it to the higher level, Craig, if you look at the growth in volume versus Q4, our rates business was up 47%. So that 1% decrease that you're seeing in RPC really shows that the changes in pricing, including the roll-off of some of the SOFR incentives, all of that is offsetting higher volume tiers that you would see with that really strong growth in volume. So that RPC result was particularly strong in rates.
Craig Siegenthaler: Great. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Rich Repetto: Yes. Just a follow-up for my friend, Derek, in energy. And you got to be breathing a little sigh of relief as the year-over-year comps dramatically go down from 1Q to 2Q. I think last year, energy after the Ukraine crisis settled out or didn't settle out, but the impact sort of settled out, the volumes went down 23%. So, I guess the question is, Derek, is can you just give us an update on energy overall with the health of the energy complex? And you've seen 2 million or so ADV. But again, it will be much easier comps 2Q going forward.
Derek Sammann: Yes. Thanks, Rich. That's a great point. If you look at actually the first quarter energy ADV, yes, it's just below 2.1 million when you compare that to the full year of 2022 that had that huge bump in that tough comp that we're facing in Q1 of this year, that's actually up 3% versus full year 2022, and it's up 14% sequentially versus Q4. So, the trend is very much what we expected to see, not only -- and this is actually more important. If you look at the rebuild and restacking of our open interest, we're up about 1.9 million contracts open interest in our WTI futures that based -- and Brent followed that same trend to kind of drift it down. Over the course of the year, it came back up. So, we're seeing a nice resumption of participation from financial players, ETFs, financial players, hedge funds, asset managers. And we're seeing that reflected in the open interest trends. So, once we saw the kind of the deleveraging impact of higher margins begin to recede, that brought some financial players back in. We're seeing more ETF participation, broadening the complex as a whole. I think two of the things we're most excited about in our energy business, you've heard us talk a lot about the centrality of WTI as the global benchmark for the crude oil market. We've seen that certainly in the record levels of exports. I think Q4, US exported just over 4 million barrels a day. That puts WTI squarely in the middle of global energy markets. So, what are we doing about that? Well, not only are we seeing a resumption of activity in WTI, but we have about five years ago, seen the structural shift in the energy market. We recognized that WTI being a global benchmark needed to be explicitly connected to the export community. So, back in 2018, we built a suite of products we call our crude grades contracts that are basis contracts that trade primarily in Houston and Permian and the Midland contract as a basis to our WTI contract. So, customers that are involved in either domestic or more including the export market are increasing their activity in those grades contracts. The reason I mentioned that is because we just -- we're just sitting below -- we just had a recent record open interest in those contracts of 490,000 contracts open. Again, those trade as a basis to our WTI contract. So, it both reinforces WTI and explicitly connects WTI to the global export market. We set an individual day of volume trading record on the 8th of February at 57,000 contracts. And the last point that I'd make on that, the significant participation is coming from commercial and physical players. The last point that I think we'd want to -- be remiss in not speaking to is the Henry Hub franchise, similar story there with LNG facilities coming online in the US and the success that we're seeing in the low-price gas development here in the US, our Henry Hub franchise actually saw an increase on the futures side and market share back up above 80% in a competitive market. And we're seeing that serve as the primary basis point for trading and the pricing of LNG cargoes leaving the US and increasingly replacing lost Russian gas to Europe and Asia. So, we think the volume trends are solid. Terry mentioned a little bit earlier in answering a separate question that our volumes in the commodity side generally are up in the second quarter. And we're seeing energy follow that trend as well with energy volumes so far month-to-date Q2 in April, up 3%, really led by Henry Hub. So, a lot to like in what's going on. Happy to take more of those questions off-line. There's a lot of detail there, but we like the global basis position we have in both the natural gas market and crude oil market.
Rich Repetto: Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thank you, Rich.
Rich Repetto: Thanks Derek.
Operator: And our next question is also a follow-up from Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Yes, hey thanks again guys. Just wanted to squeeze in a couple of follow-ups on the SOFR-LIBOR transition. One, I know this was a huge lift for both you guys but then also the industry. So, a lot of resources went into that. So, now that it's basically behind us, just wondering what's next, I guess, when it comes to SOFR? I mean is -- do you think SOFR is being used like LIBOR in the past? What's different? Is there still a lot of education that you maybe need to do to fully educate about how SOFR is different, or do you think it's all done? I guess the question is, can the SOFR flourish even more in the future? And then secondly, just a quick one. I think the OTC transition went on Friday. I think huge clearing volumes that we observed. I think you actually were charging for that. Maybe you can just clarify because just wondering if we need to expect a huge OTC revenue number in the second quarter. Maybe you can compare to maybe what we saw in the first quarter in terms of run rate so we're not too surprised there. It seems like it may have been a good revenue day for you.
Sean Tully: Yes, Alex. So really good questions. Really appreciate your pointing those out. So, two questions there. In terms of answering the first one and SOFR replacing Eurodollars or LIBOR, it's very clear from the first quarter with SOFR futures and options beating the all-time best quarter in the 40-year history of Eurodollar futures and options. And SOFR futures and options are being used just as intensively and just as extensively as you all futures and options ever were. So, that's a very positive sign. In addition to that, in terms of the long-term strategic positioning of the business, the interest rates business is better positioned today than it ever has been before I would argue in its entire history. And part of the reason there is the global banking system has turned to CME term SOFR for lending. There are now more than $3.7 trillion worth of loans across the world, and I think now nearly 90 different countries, that are based on CME term SOFR that are based on CME's SOFR futures. So, $3.7 trillion worth of loans, more than 2,400 in individual institutions that have been licensed, which Julie mentioned earlier, gives us a huge opportunity relative to cross-selling opportunities and to increase our penetration of folks like regional banks where they have had to license our CME term over and create that relationship with us through that. So, I think that that's been a very positive for us, especially, again, you know, everyone knows, US dollar LIBOR owned by ICE Benchmark Administration and under US law under the LIBOR Act and recently selected by the FCA in the UK CME term SOFR is the Safe Harbor. So, CME term SOFR will be used by ICE Benchmark Administration starting on July 1st in their US dollar synthetic LIBOR in order to manage legacy contracts. So, we have replaced US dollar LIBOR. That's a huge opportunity for us and again, strategically better positioned. In terms of future growth, I'm hugely excited as I always am, as you've heard me on many years on this call. We redesigned when we launched SOFR futures and options, particularly we redesigned the way packs and bundles, it's a technical issue, but we redesigned how packs and bundles are quoted in the market and traded. That's going to make it much easier for us to launch hopefully, later this year, options on SOFR packs and bundle. Those options on SOFR packs and bundle, you've heard me say this before so many times, we love to have listed, clear standardized contracts that are lower total cost than the OTC equivalent. Well, options on packs and bundles are going to be listed, cleared, standardized, lower total cost alternative to the swaptions market. The swaptions market isn't clear. So, I'm massively excited about that opportunity for the SOFR business that we didn't have with Eurodollars because Eurodollars weren't originally designed with that in mind. When we designed the SOFR futures and options, we had that in mind from day one. In addition to that, we're very excited about STR, our STR future is the most liquid European short-term risk-free rate contract in the world. And we're very excited about our TBA futures and other features that we've launched. So, the pipeline that we have in front of us for further development is very strong and I would say it's the strongest it's ever been.
Terry Duffy: So just to put -- finishing up on Sean's point, and I would never try to repeat them because -- go ahead.
Sean Tully: Sorry, OTC conversion and fees, I did miss that question. Sorry. So, we did charge. You are correct. We did charge that conversion. And it was a much lower charge than we normally charge and I think we posted $10. So, it was $10 per swap. That is the published fee. So yes, we did charge for that event.
Terry Duffy: But Alex, you were right to point out about the conversion into our futures market and the growth thereof. As you just heard from Sean, we believe that this is obviously an ongoing marathon, and we will continue to build on to this franchise. But we are excited for the future. And the distraction of moving our Eurodollars to SOFR is over, which allows us to do the other things that Sean referenced. That's the exciting part from my standpoint where I look at this. So the growth is a very exciting perspective going forward. Thank you for your question.
Alex Kramm: Excellent. Thanks again.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: And it appears we have no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Terry Duffy: Well, I want to thank all of you for participating in today's call. And I especially want to thank my entire team at CME Group. The global employee base all throughout the world has been able to deliver the results that we were able to present to you today. And I think it's massively important to continue to drive opportunities and efficiencies to your customers because as we do that, we will drive value to our shareholders. That's the equation we live. We thank you all very much. I want to thank again my entire team. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and kindly ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the CME Group Fourth Quarter and Year End 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, February 8, 2023. I would now like to turn the conference over to Adam Minick. Please go ahead.
Adam Minick: Good morning and I hope you are all doing well today. We will be discussing CME Groups fourth quarter and full year 2022 financial results. I will start with the Safe Harbor language, then I will turn it over to Terry and team for brief remarks followed by your questions. Other members of our management team will also participate in the Q&A session. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statement. Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Lastly, on the final page of the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I will turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you, Adam and thank you all for joining us this morning. We released our executive commentary earlier today, which provided extensive details on the fourth quarter of 2022. I am going to start with just a few high-level comments regarding the year and then John will summarize our financial results and Lynne will speak to our expense guidance for 23. In addition to John and Lynne, as Adam said, we have other members of our management team present to answer questions after the prepared remarks. 2022 was the best year in CME Groups history, with record average daily volume of 23.3 million contracts, up 19% from 21. The growth was led by our financial products, which finished the year up 25% to a record average daily volume of 19.5 million contracts. Options average daily volume across all asset classes also set a record with ADV of 4.1 million contracts, up 23% versus last year. And finally, our non-U.S. ADV increased to a record 6.3 million contracts. Throughout 2022, we continued our efforts on the LIBOR transition. We collaborated with the industry and the market participants to shift trading behavior, order flow and open interest to SOFR. And as a result, we are beginning 2023 with a SOFRs futures and options as the leading tools for hedging short-term interest rates with deep liquidity supporting a wide range of strategies across the forward curve. Customer demand continued to drive our industry leading products and services innovation throughout the year. We enhanced our Micro product suite with additional contracts and in aggregate the Micros contributed nearly 3.5 million contracts of ADV to the overall record activity. During the year, we further invested in our S&P Dow Jones Indices joint venture to expand its offerings to include leading fixed income and credit indices. Our joint ventures and investments continue to produce meaningful results for CME Group. For 2022 on an adjusted basis, these investments have contributed nearly $350 million or 9% of our pre-tax income. 2022 also was a fundamental year for our Google partnership. We built out the cloud platform and successfully migrated some early application. 23 will be about accelerating our application migration, including launching data products in the cloud. We have an aggressive migration plan for 23 and look forward to reporting our accomplishments throughout the year. Risk management will continue to be critical for our customers as we move into 2023 with higher cost of doing business in general and uncertainty persisting across all of our asset classes. We continue to focus on what we can control, innovating and offering market participants, a meaningful capital and operational efficiencies across a diverse relevant product set. So far this year, volume is averaging approximately 23 million contracts per day, near the average for all of 2022 and our focus will continue to be on growing in the short-term while also positioning the business for long-term sustained growth. With that, I will turn it over to John and we look forward to your questions.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Terry. Financially, 2022 was a record year for CME Group with adjusted double-digit revenue and earnings growth. Driven by CMEs record annual trading volume, 2022 revenues were $5 billion, up 11% when adjusting for OSTTRA, which was launched in September of 2021. Our annual adjusted expenses, excluding license fees and before the impacts of our cloud migration, were approximately $1.425 billion, which was $25 million below our annual guidance. Our adjusted operating margins for the year expanded to 64.7% and adjusted net income was up 20%. For the year, our incremental cash costs associated with our migration to the filed were $30 million and in line with our expectations. Turning to the fourth quarter, CME generated more than $1.2 billion in revenue with average daily volume up nearly 6.5% compared to the same period last year. Market data revenue was up nearly 8% from last year to $153 million. Expenses were very carefully managed and on an adjusted basis of $464 million for the quarter and $382 million, excluding license fees and approximately $9 million in cloud migration costs. CME had an adjusted effective tax rate of 22.8%, which resulted in adjusted net income attributable to CME Group of $698 million, up 15% from the fourth quarter last year and an adjusted EPS attributable to common shareholders of $1.92. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were approximately $23 million, CME declared over $3 billion of dividends during 22, including the annual variable dividend of $1.6 billion and cash at the end of the quarter was approximately $2.8 billion. Finally, in November, we announced fee adjustments, which became effective February 1. Assuming similar trading patterns as 2022, the fee adjustments would increase futures and options transaction revenue in the range of 4% to 5%. In summary, 2022 was the best year financially for CME Group. We served our customers well, successfully transitioned the majority of the volume of our LIBOR-based benchmarks to SOFR, executed on our cloud migration strategy, all while managing our costs very effectively. With that, I will turn over the call to Lynne to discuss CME Groups 2023 guidance.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Thanks, John. We expect total adjusted operating expenses, excluding license fees, be approximately $1.49 billion for 2023. Our guidance reflects our continued focus on cost discipline, which will moderate the impact of inflation and a full year of normalized travel and in-person events. In addition to our core expense guidance, we expect the investment related to the Google partnership and our cloud migration to be in the range of $60 million in expense, offset by a $20 million decrease in capital expenditures, bringing our incremental net cash cost for the migration to approximately $40 million for the year. Total capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances are expected to be approximately $100 million and the adjusted effective tax rate should come in between 23% and 24%. We would now like to open up the call for your questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Rich Repetto: Yes, good morning Terry  excuse me and John and Lynne.
Terrence Duffy: Good morning, Rich.
Rich Repetto: Good morning. So as we start the year, Terry, I just wanted to get  stay broad and get your outlook on volumes for 2023 given that you were so positive last year and they certainly came through on financial products. But just seeing what your outlook and we know no one gets perfect right all the time, but anyway, the outlook on volumes?
Terrence Duffy: Yes. Thanks, Rich. I think last year when I made the comments that I did, I think we saw the reflection in the marketplace by CME having the biggest year in its history. And I think thats because of what was setting up whether it was geopolitically and just other fundamental factors in the market, whether its the price of rates at a given time, price of certain products, you could see that the market was setting up for what I thought was going to be a pretty exclusive year. Now its really difficult to predict future volumes as you know. So I am not going to try. I will make the reference, as I said in my prepared remarks that we are starting off in January with ADV roughly around the same as we ended last year, 22, 23 million contracts per day, which is a pretty exciting start to the beginning of the year. So its really hard for me to predict the broader  the balance of the 11 months we have left in this year. People talk about the age of depressions, the age of recessions I think its the age of uncertainty, Rich. And now the question is what does that translate into? So, I really dont know, but I think, again, we are here positioned, as I have said in my prepared remarks, to give the offsets, to give the efficiencies for people to manage and mitigate that risk. Its really hard to predict whats going to happen to geopolitical events. It could be stacking up like we have never seen before. The debt ceiling issue, I mean, Ive even had internal  I dont want to say on arguments, debates with my own team about what does it mean because weve always had a debt ceiling thats always been satisfied. We have a congress like I have never seen in the history. I am not so sure its going to be as easy as people believe that they can negotiate a debt ceiling agreement. So that will be interesting coming into Q2 and to the summer months to see what happens when that deadline arises where the Fed and the treasury can no longer move money around to pay that the country has built. So I think thats got a big factor into it. We still have the Ukraine-Russian conflict, which seems to be not going away any time soon. So, I still think risk management is going to be at the forefront of peoples minds. And with the increase in the interest rates that we have seen over the last year, people that are managing money having to reissue new additional debt, they are going to need to lay off that risk. And I think our product suite lends to that. So I think there is a lot of interesting factors in there, but does that translate into volume is a tough one to come up at the end equation.
Rich Repetto: Understood. Thank you very much.
Terrence Duffy: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to follow up on the pricing, the 4% to 5% increase that you mentioned, John, thats I think above what the typical 1% to 2% we have seen from you in the past. So, maybe a little bit more detail behind that? And then also on the non-transactional side, as you think about maybe market data, is there pricing potential power there? And as you think about this year, any changes that we should be aware of?
John Pietrowicz: Sure, Dan. Thanks for the question. Let me back up and take a look at all the kind of pricing changes and adjustments that are going to impact 2023. As I indicated in my prepared remarks, the transaction fees have been adjusted. And we made adjustments across all of our asset classes in our futures business. We take a very careful and targeted approach with the objective of not impacting volumes. As I said, assuming similar trading patterns as last year, the increase would be in the range of 4% to 5%. The impact of financial products and commodity products each is an increase of about 4% to 5%, so about 4% to 5% each of our financials and to our commodity product sets. The impact took effect on February 1. So you see two-thirds of the impact in the first quarter and a full quarter impact in Q2, thats related to transaction fees. So lets look at market data. Beginning January 1, we had an inflation adjustment to our market data subscriber licenses, which is also in the range of 4%, assuming similar conditions as 2022. In addition, we have seen the completion of our very successful SOFR First for Options initiative. That had about an $11 million in fee waivers, which lowered revenue and $8 million to increase license fees in 2022 that we will not have in 2023. So a number of adjustments across our revenue set. I think as we look at it, we create a lot of value for our customers and felt that this was appropriate to do.
Dan Fannon: Great. And so just to clarify on the market data, you had an $11 million drag in revenue last year that should normalize plus a 4% pricing increase?
John Pietrowicz: No, I am sorry, that was SOFR. That was our SOFR Options  our SOFR First for Options program and that impacted our transaction fees. That was not included in the 4% to 5% that I just mentioned. This was in addition to that.
Dan Fannon: Understood. Okay, thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Alright. Great. Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Gautam Sawant with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Gautam Sawant: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. Can you please provide us with more details on the non-operating income outlook? Can you also provide a breakout of investment income, how cash within the clearing house is trending? And how you think the pace of clearinghouse cash balances could move over the next 12 months and where does the non-cash collateral stand?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Sure, Gautam. This is Lynne. I will take that. If you look at the non-operating income in the quarter, it increased by about $8 million versus the third quarter. That was driven partially by an increase in the earnings on the cash of the clearinghouse. That was up about $9 million to $95 million for the quarter. We saw average balances relatively steady at $117 billion, largely the same as what we saw last quarter. What we did see is an increase in the returns from 29 basis points to 32 basis points. Now, we didnt change the keep that we have on the funds held at the Fed, but what we did do is look to optimize our returns using repo markets and other short-term deposits. We also saw an increase in the returns on our corporate cash. That was up $12 million in the quarter to $23 million. These two increases were offset slightly by decreases in the equity and non-consolidated subsidiaries. Those were down $13 million in total. That included a $4 million one-time gain that we saw in Q3 related to the S&P JV. In terms of the cash and non-cash collateral, its difficult to predict obviously where it will go going forward, but I can provide a little more detail on what we have seen so far in this quarter to-date. As I mentioned, the cash balances were relatively flat at $117 billion in the last two quarters. To-date, through February 6, our average balances are at $113.7 billion.
Terrence Duffy: Does that answer your question?
Gautam Sawant: Yes. And just what does the non-cash collateral stand?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Sure. So, we saw in Q3, it was at $94.9 billion, it was at $89.7 billion for Q4. And quarter-to-date, we are at $90.1 billion.
Terrence Duffy: And just to go back to the clearinghouse question for a second, I think its really important to note, we strategically did not increase our keep because we knew there was alternatives that people could park their money in versus keeping it in our clearinghouse. That actually fared a tremendous amount of fruit by us making that decision because we were able to keep the numbers that Lynne referenced and continue to bring in the additional revenue that we may not have if we tried to increase our take and people would have gone to alternative investments.
Gautam Sawant: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Chris Allen with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Chris Allen: Yes, good morning everyone. I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more granularity around market data, maybe just some of the products rolling out with the addition of Google. And when this year you saw the year-over-year increase driven by some price increases in new demand in terms of SOFR. So maybe you could give us a little bit of color there just in terms of how that kind of breaks down? And just on the Google migration, I thought that was $30 million in annual costs. I know you are talking about incremental $60 million. I am just wondering whats this incremental cost related to just in terms of is it more migration or is it new product developments, any color there would be helpful? Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Yes. Thanks, Chris. We are going to let Lynne talk about the cost on the Google migration, because I think I will make sure we all stay in the same numbers and then we will turn it over to Julie to talk about the data.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Sure. So on the cost side, in 2022, we did see $30 million in expense in line with our guidance. The guidance for 2023 is $60 million in expense. Now we will see an offset to that as we are seeing a decline in the capital expenditures related to capital refreshes that are no longer required. So we have about a $20 million offset that we are seeing step back. But the $60 million in expense guidance will be approximately evenly split between professional fees and technology fees for this year.
Terrence Duffy: Julie?
Julie Winkler: Yes. So, market data certainly was  had a very strong quarter again in the fourth quarter, we were up another 8% year-on-year and the increases is due primarily to both the value of our data, the new products that we are introducing and also the fee adjustments that we made back in January of 2022. And we also are seeing throughout the year favorable performance both in our drive data area in terms SOFR licensing, as you mentioned and also just organic across our professional subscriber devices and also non-display. And Id say the one thing as it relates back to our new products and also our work with Google is we know that we have very valuable data and we know being able to produce more of that data in analytics and putting that in the cloud is going to be really what our clients are asking for. And so we are highly focused on looking at new ways to develop that with our partners at Google. We have got a number of deep dives underway with them on the innovation front, including things on data analytics, AI, ML, new APIs and also new ways to help our clients understand the data and analytics around their risk management. So we have already begun to launch a number of those products, those begin to be rolled out in forward. And some of it is also just our new product operating model that we are using. And so we are seeing an increased velocity in which we can put these products out, so things like in our data mined area. Some of our new benchmarks and indices are also being created through that. And so youll continue to see a rollout of  specifically as it relates back to the term SOFR revenue. This is revenue that was part of the licensing effort that the team is underway. At the end of Q4, we had over 2,000 firms that we have licensed for term SOFR products. And really, were continuing to see increased demand for that. That was up over 300 firms just since the end of Q3, just to kind of show the acceleration of that. These are  the revenue there is around people being licensed for OTC derivative product usage. And also, were finding in a lot of these cases, these are new customers to CME Group. So were also working heavily within our sales organization to convert those users and expose them into our trading business. And so with everything within market data, its what can we do to provide insights to our clients that will also create support and synergies and transaction based. I hope that helps us.
Chris Allen: Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the question. I was hoping just a follow-up on the last discussion around cloud migration and expenses related to that. As you guys think about the future beyond 2023, and any incremental costs associated with migration. I was hoping you could flesh that out. But also bigger picture, as you think about CMEs expense flexibility on a go-forward basis. To what extent do you think this sort of limits your ability to be more flexible like weve seen in the past? Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Lynne?
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Sure. So if we think about the Google migration, I think what John guided to last year, was that we would see about 4 years of incremental cash costs averaging $30 million cash cost per year. So we did see that $30 million in 2022. The cash cost for this year are estimated at $40 million. So we do expect over the next 2 years to have some incremental costs related to the migration. After that point, we see ourselves getting to breakeven and ultimately a cash flow positive for the investment. One of the reasons that we are pursuing this initiative is to increase our flexibility. And we will continue to see a move from infrastructure-intensive spend and moving into this environment where we have CapEx coming down, the coming down, ultimately, we will see more of the expense in the technology line as we are renting the capacity as we need it as opposed to building through infrastructure. So that is the migration that we expect to see over the next several years on the cost base.
John Pietrowicz: Just one thing to add to that, when you think about the investments that we make in technology, things like artificial intelligence, big query, machine learning, were able to get that through Google without having to make the investment ourselves. So there is a lot of positives associated with the migration to the cloud, including flexibility, ability to launch products faster. When you think about the business cases, certainly going to be able to have better returns on our investment because we dont have to build out the entire infrastructure, assuming success, we can build towards success. So a lot of real positives we think in the long run strategically with our relationship with Google.
Alex Blostein: Great. Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Hi, good morning, folks. Come back to the  or actually talk about the interest rate franchise, obviously, record volumes and record revenue. There is a perception that as the Fed ends tightening that would reduce volumes, but weve got a number of other factors that could continue that strong volume. So just wanted to get your thoughts on that? Those being, obviously, the price increases and then also the new potential customers that, Julie, you talked about from the term SOFR, the introduction of those new customers. So maybe just if you can comment on that and also the 10-year  or the long bond complex in terms of what youve been saying historically about more treasuries making it into private hands and being hedgeable and then other things that youre developing on the long end of the curve, not to mention that higher  I think high RPC on the treasury side versus the short side.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Brian. Sean, do you want to go ahead and start?
Sean Tully: Yes. Thanks very much for the question. Great question. In terms of the overall rates complex, obviously, a very good year this year, as you said, with record volumes strong open interest, record large open interest holders. In fact, if you look over the last decade, weve more than doubled the number of large open interest holders, so working very closely with Julies team, expanding our client base significantly. If you look at that growth in the market environment, obviously, the market environment has been a strong positive. In terms of the very long end of the curve to get specifically to your 10-year question, we havent actually yet seen a strong uptick that we  that I had expected in our treasury futures with the reduction in the Feds balance sheet. In fact, surgery futures are down slightly. This year, they are down 3%. So that marketplace is actually down. So how is it that we are up 7% so far this year relative to last year, which was a strong year. What weve seen is something that Lynne has mentioned, I think, on past calls, which is that now with the Federal Reserve having greater uncertainty as to whether they will be increasing rates or decreasing rates and with a much greater dispersion that you see in the economic numbers with some seeing a very strong economy and others seeing a very weak economy, we see greater demand than ever before for our interest rate options. So if you look at our short-term interest rate options this year, they are, in fact, up 40%. Thats obviously driven by the huge success in the investment we made in SOFR options last year. And if you look, in fact, now at our SOFR futures plus SOFR options, were doing 5 million contracts a day so far this year. So I think the outlook relative to the Federal Reserve having the opportunity or the potential for either increasing rates or decreasing rates makes greater need for our products than ever before.
Brian Bedell: Maybe if you could about the organic side. I think you talked about the new  the potential new trading customers from the 2,000 firms that youre onboarding?
Sean Tully: Yes, Im really excited. Another thing that Im very excited about is  think about what we did over the last couple of years was we migrated our single largest business, the short-term interest rate futures and options business from the LIBOR benchmark over to the SOFR benchmark. And what thats meant is a significant investment in resources, time and money in order to facilitate that migration with our clients. What were going to get back to what were going to be able to get back to this year is innovation and new products. So Im very excited about the new options products that we will be launching this year. Weve got several of them in the pipeline. Weve got some new future products in the pipeline. And you may recall that about half of the growth in our listed rates, futures and options business since 2012 has come from new products. So we will be launching many new products this year that we are very excited about and getting back to that innovation. In terms of the additional clients, where we now have more than 2,100 new clients licensed with CME terms so far. Ill turn it over to Julie.
Julie Winkler: Yes. So in terms of who those clients are. I think it might just be helpful if I just talk for a minute about some of the segments. Clearly, banks are the largest segments. They are the ones that are lending against this rate for all of the work they are doing across business loan, trade finance, commercial real estate. But some of those other groups that are more to that organic point that you asked about is for the first time, a lot of private lenders, so these could be specialized hedge funds, PE firms, insurance companies, those that definitely are lending and need this rate to be used. Were also seeing licensees coming from the buy side and other investors running loan syndication, CLO death. And again, those are use cases very specific to buy-side participants, and those are really touching across the globe. So were seeing that in Europe and Asia as well. And also just other fin-tech and service providers, so you can imagine there is a growing number of vendors that are going to need these rates for valuations, risk management, loan administration, accounting. And this is where our sales team is critical to be able to work those through the funnel. And also, you can imagine the education around that, right? So were continuing to work with commercial clients, corporate treasurers to help them understand both how that rate works, get them licensed and help them understand what other risk management products and data we have available for them. So we are working through this and as I mentioned, still have a good pipeline of opportunities across those segments that were working through right now.
Brian Bedell: Alright. Thats great color. Thank you so much.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Hey. Hello, everyone. Just another one on the pricing side maybe for a minute. I know you talked about your impact of the price increase, the similar way every year where you say like, hey, adjusting same mix as we saw last year, it should be this or that and then obviously a higher level this year. But what weve also seen in recent years is that mix never really seems to be driving that upside that a lot of us expect. So I know you dont have a crystal ball, but  a, now with the 4% to 5% that youre talking about, maybe the question is how much do you think or we should expect to stick? And maybe just review what the biggest drivers of that mix are that has maybe worked against you on the pricing side recently? I know there was a lot of question, but hopefully, you got the gist of it.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thanks, Alex. Its very difficult, obviously, as you know, to predict how the mix is going to happen year in and year out. And I think what weve seen certainly over time as volumes build, the only real impacts we have are mix shifts to our RPC. So in other words, we generally dont reduce prices. You saw an example when we wanted to change behavior where we adjusted and gave some fee waivers for the SOFR First Options, which obviously was hugely successful. But to put it into perspective, right, so if you look at what we did last year, we made a 1.5% to 2% price adjustment. At the time, I said that the biggest impact was going to be in the equity part of our business. And if you look at equities, our  if you look at the RPC for equities in the fourth quarter of 2001, we were at $0.526. If you look at the in our equities complex today for the fourth quarter, were at $0.535 and this is on a 25.6% year-over-year increase in volume. So when you talk about its sticking, I would say thats pretty sticking, especially when you consider volume incentives and the like that we have in our equity business. So we do take our pricing adjustments extremely seriously. We look at it on a product-by-product basis. Were very surgical. We have regular discussions around it to make sure that were making the investments in market maker programs and incentive plans appropriately. And I would say that overall, when you look at our volume and pricing dynamics, I think weve been pretty successful and what weve done in terms of adjusting prices at the right time.
Alex Kramm: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks, guys.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you, Alex. Appreciate the question.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Simon Clinch with Atlantic Equities. Please go ahead.
Simon Clinch: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe show up, I can go back to you, just on the points on the previous question about, I guess, the Fed balance sheet reduction and I guess the surprise that we havent really started to see the benefit of that yet in the long-term rates franchise. Thats something Ive been puzzling here over myself in terms of substantially higher outstanding debt thats out there, the shifting balance towards more public holders of that debt. And yet the open interest relative to those levels of outstanding that seems still seems to be relatively low to sort to what it could be. What do you think would be the actual catalyst or whats holding back that thesis from playing out at this particular point?
Sean Tully: Yes, I dont see anything necessarily holding it back. Im just looking at the fact. While in 2018, when the Fed is balance sheet by $500 billion, we saw a 26% increase in our treasury futures. The Fed  lets maybe a bit careful here, right? The Fed didnt start to substantially reduce its balance sheet until September. So its actually a very recent phenomenon, although its been about $500 billion. So as we know, the Fed is expected to reduce their balance sheet by more than $1 trillion this year. So I would wait and see. Again, it was  it had a very positive tailwind for our business in 2018, but as I said earlier, it has not yet shown us significant positive results this year. And thats not yet.
Simon Clinch: Okay. There is more case of its just still early  point, I guess.
Sean Tully: Yes.
Simon Clinch: Okay. Okay. Great. And I was just wondering as well, in terms of  just going back to crashes as well as a follow-up. How should we think about the overall levels of collateral requirements at the moment? And how that should trend over time? Because obviously, they have resurged during the last year and I am just wondering how we think about things normalizing over the next couple of years and the impact to the business?
John Pietrowicz: Yes. This is John. Ill jump in and then maybe Sunil can make a couple of comments. I would say its very difficult to discern overall collateral balances. When you think about it, really, it is a function of the trading thats occurring on the exchange and the open interest that we have in our clearinghouse and the risk associated with those trades. So from our perspective, its really all about risk management and ensuring that the safety and soundness of the markets, and thats very paramount. As Terry indicated, at the start, weve been doing a lot to incent our clients to keep our cash balances or to keep them the collateral in cash here at CME Group. We do it for two reasons. One, obviously, we earn more on it than non-cash collateral. But most importantly, from a risk management perspective, having cash is much more advantageous from a risk management perspective. than non-cash collateral. So we try to strike that appropriate balance. Ultimately, though, its a decision by our clients each and every day in terms of whether or not its going to be cash or non-cash based upon the returns that they can get. So weve been, I think, really prudent in terms of how weve been approaching it. And obviously, its something that has benefited our clients because they get access to the Fed the Fed balance to the Fed. And then also, its been beneficial for us. Ill turn it over to  I dont need to turn it over to Sunil. I guess I hit it.
Simon Clinch: Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Hey, thanks, Simon.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I was hoping we could spend a moment on the energy complex with volume a bit year-on-year in January. I was hoping you might be able to elaborate on what youre seeing across the marketplace. How you see the opportunity taking shape for this year in energy? And maybe you could talk a little bit about how the customer participation has varied across your customer sets to what extent have elevated margin levels still holding back volume and activity at this point? And how you see all that evolving this year? Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thanks, Michael. Appreciate the question. Following the largest demand shock, we ever saw in the energy market in 2020, followed by the largest supply shock ever 22. Were actually starting to see the global energy market begin to normalize. One of the indicators were seeing there is financial players are starting to return to this market. One of those clear indicators were seeing of that this year so far, were seeing our open interest recover in our WCI complex. Were up about 28%, up to about 1.8 million open interest since the end of 22. And thats really a function of both margins normalizing, but were seeing hedge funds managers and particularly index trackers come back into the market. They exited largely in the challenging circumstances of last year. Despite the fact that it was a challenging year last year, you look at some of the points that really carry the franchise or carrying over into this year to a degree. Last year, our options market performed extremely well on the energy side with energy revenue on the option side, up 9% versus the previous year. Globally, we also saw continued growth outside the U.S. with our LATAM business and energy up 70% last year and our APAC volumes up 15% last year. Finally, we saw continued growth back on the client side, specifically in retail, with our Micro WTI contract in the fourth quarter, TI volumes up 28% to a little over 100,000 contracts. So, good global participation and good client segment participation. More importantly, when you think about where the energy markets are going, we continue to see the energy markets revolve and evolve around WTI as the central marketplace and price setter for both physical and financial markets. Couple of proof points here. Number one, the U.S. is now exporting a record level of 4.1 million barrels in Q4. We look to believe that, that export capacity will continue to grow. U.S. waterborne crude exports are not equal to Iraq and the number slot behind only Saudi Arabia. So U.S. is putting more WTI product out into the global markets. We are also expecting that and the market expects global oil production out of the U.S. to increase about 1 million barrels between now and 2024. So, that just increased WTIs footprint globally. So, the U.S. exports already up about 40% on 22 versus 21, and exports roughly up double into Asia since 2018, we continue to see exports of U.S. product out into the global market. So, what does that mean, what we are seeing not only is that strong and positions WTI at the central point of price making for the global oil market. But actually, our Argus Gulf Coast grades contract has a combined open interest of about 375,000 contracts. And we just had a record volume about 11,000 contracts this year. So, when you think about what that means, you got WTI set and the global price of oil, Brent is not going to be put in the Midland WTI grade into that assessment. That means that continually centralized the WTI there. We have got the largest export market and now production on the upswing. So, we like that we have got the strongest position in the export market and in that basis contract, those Argus grades contract, as I said, about 375,000 contracts open interest, 87% of that is commercial participation. Thats where customers price discover and WTI, and then they hedge their exposure out to the basis to the Gulf, and then it exports from there. So, we like the position that we are in, in terms of the centrality of WTI. We think we have got the right product mix and we got the client mix and financial players coming back in. So, like Terry said, we cant predict what volumes are, but we can talk about the very strong structural position that WTI has in the global oil market going forward.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Owen Lau: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. Could you please give us an update about your strategy and outlook in the digital asset space? Do you see your clients pulling back? And then you recently launched three Metaverse reference rates and indices. What other reference rates or products would make sense for C&E down the road? Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks Owen. Tim?
Tim McCourt: Yes. Thanks for the question. So, when we look at the digital asset space and the cryptocurrency business at CME, we remain seeing very strong growth in our offering. So, just as a reminder, our approach to the cryptocurrency products as being the regulated venue, offering regulated products in a way that provides bonafide risk management and trusted access to the marketplace. We have seen that value proposition remain true in Q4 with some of the more widespread events in the cryptocurrency space, where we saw record volumes in November, record large open interest holders of 439 holders in the month of November. And that momentum hasnt slowed down with respect to the adoption and continued growth at CME. What I mean by that is, lets look at the number of accounts. Typically, we add about 450 accounts per month in our cryptocurrency business. And in November, we added 934, over doubling the normal account opening. And in January, we have seen over 700 accounts  new accounts opened with respect to trading cryptocurrency products at CME. Thats really a testament to the marketplace broadly turning to CME in times of stress in the rest of the cryptocurrency ecosystem. When we look at the product development front, we have focused on additional pricing products. These are non-tradable reference rates in real-time indices. We did in last month, introduced three new reference rates around the Metaverse, that complements some of the additional indices we introduced with respect to D5 sector in cryptocurrency as well as the more than dozen so more traditional cryptocurrency tokens that we also have reference rates on. And really, the strategy here is we want to make sure that CME, along with our partner, CF Benchmarks, remains one of the preeminent pricing providers for cryptocurrency as people need a trusted source to figure out on a given day, once a day with reference rates or real-time tick-by-tick, what these assets are worth. That is where we will continue to develop on the reference rate pricing, but we will listen to customers. We dont necessarily have anything else in the hopper with respect to additional tokens, additional reference rate. We have almost 50 real-time indices and reference rates out there at present. And our product development will be, again, sort of in the Bitcoin and Ether lane as a function of the regulatory landscape that we find ourselves in. However, the one thing I will add is when we look at the broader ecosystem, the product development is not just a function of what CME can lift, but our products are being more increasingly used by other participants in the marketplace as the underlying for ETF, structured products, OTC trades. So, we are at the center of the growing ecosystem with respect to Bitcoin and Ether regulated products, and we expect that trend to continue in 2023.
Owen Lau: Got it. Thank you very much.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks Owen.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. You registered to launch an FCM last year. Where does that application stand? And in the wake of the collapse of FTX, is launching an FCM, a priority or even still makes sense?
Terrence Duffy: Yes. Ken, I will take that. Listen, the FCM application that we launched is not exactly taking anybody away from their day job of following that process on the application. We are looking  and I am looking at a long-term market structure and what its going to look like. And I do believe, and I have said this, two congressional hearings prior to FTX collapse that if we are going to have a different market structure that we all need to participate and have things in place and rules in place in order to facilitate whatever the world is going to look like for tomorrow. Since none of us really know what the world is going to look like for tomorrow as far as what the FCM business is or not going to be, it was prudent for us to go ahead and get the application process in place. As I have said and I have said publicly, we are unwavering. I am unwavering about our commitment for our FCM model today. Whatever we do going forward, I would hope if in fact, the model has to change, that we can work with our FCMs to bring them along so we can have a bigger piece of the pie for everybody to be successful. So, I wouldnt read too much into that. But when you are in a situation where the government appeared to be willing to approve technically a direct model without writing rules to the direct model and applying rules that were written back many, many years ago that are applicable only to the FCM model made no sense to us. So, I had to be prepared, along with my team in order to put certain things in place, just in case that was the decision of our government. I dont believe thats the case. I think there will be new rules. You heard Commissioner Johnson or you may have seen, in her public remarks from Duke University about wanting to write rules as it relates to a direct model, even if it comes forward. That is a very long, difficult process to write rule. And I have been around this business for 40 years, and I have been in Washington helping write rules and participated in the process. And it is very difficult to do. So, I dont see that going anywhere soon. And  but for the same time, the FCM is nothing more than  its a wait and see for what the future may or may not bring. And there is nothing more to it than that can.
Ken Worthington: Great. Thank you very much.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey. Good morning everyone. I have a follow-up to an earlier question, but I wanted to hone in on energy specifically. So, now that your margin requirements have been declining and especially in energy, what has been the early feedback? And how much of a positive impact do you think this could have on volumes?
Terrence Duffy: Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yes. Thanks Craig. And as I mentioned before, we are in the process of seeing this market normalize. Now, the first thing we saw when you saw the disruptions of the Ukraine war happened last year, margins popped up. That did basically deleverage the number of financial fitters in the market may pull back. We did not see commercial participants step away because that risk continued to be sitting there on their books. I think as we have seen margins normalize, thats one part of the overall equation. We certainly have seen, as I mentioned, the open interest trends turned very positively. As I said, our open interest in WTI right now versus end of last year is up 28%. On the nat gas side, we are seeing similarly open interest is up about 10% from the beginning of Q4 last year. And the most important marker there is look at the open interest holders and the types of those customers coming back in. Our large open interest holders in natural gas have also grown up about 17% up to just about 420 versus the beginning of Q4. So, as we suspected, increased cost to transact, increased margin tends to initially push financial customers out, we have seen index trackers, retail in the form of micros start to come back. And that will be a process, and we see that reflected initially both in the large open interest holders as well as growth and rebuild of open interest. And more importantly, structurally, as I mentioned, we like our position in WTI and Henry Hub as the central points and being the largest export market in both of these products and setting the global price of both natural gas and oil globally. So, those are the markets we are seeing right now. That will be a slow build, but we like the trajectory this is on going into this year.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thanks. I had a follow-up on the rate side, too. 10 years down like  can you guys hear me?
Terrence Duffy: Yes, go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Perfect. Thank you, guys. So, the 10-year is down like 40 basis points year-to-date. The Fed could go on hold in three months to six months. Those will probably be negative factors for your rate complex, but at the same time, QT does continue and there are margin  lower margin requirements. So, like how should we think about all these kind of mix of positive and negative factors on the rate complex?
Sean Tully: Yes. I think similar to my answer earlier, whats pricing to the curve right now, obviously, the world goes to CMEs Fed funds futures to see what the expectations are in the market or the Federal Reserve. Currently, there is about 50 basis points or two more 25 basis points tightening priced into the curve. And then further out the curve, there is actually 200 basis points in easing. As I said earlier, the uncertainty about the Federal Reserve is, from my perspective, and if you look at the market like increasing, not decreasing, relative to the probability of either tightening or easing and in each case by substantial amounts. We see that the dispersion of economic data with the 517,000 non-farm payrolls, versus, for example, the ISM numbers, which are running in the high-40s, you have everything from the potential for continued boom to the potential for recession. In addition to that, you can look at the excess savings of households that remains post-COVID, which remains according to recent reports at around $2.6 trillion. So, enormous excess savings, enormous uncertainty, huge increases in rates from the Federal Reserve, I personally think that the uncertainty is very high. The rates could go either way. And what we have seen again is, overall, for our treasury futures, they have declined slightly relative to last year, down 3% in terms of volumes. But as I said earlier, our short-term interest rate options, which are reflective of that uncertainty of the Federal Reserve were up 40% year-over-year. So, I think that the environment is highly uncertain.
Terrence Duffy: Let me just add to what Sean said, and this is just a personal theory that I think the Fed. When you say, Craig, that they could hold on their increases, I think when you looked at most of 2022, most of the participants were looking through a pivot. The pivot never happened. And we saw, to Seans point, the Fed share talking more hawkish even as of recently a couple of days ago. So, even if they were as a hold, I think people would anticipate that, that would mean a pivot, which would mean massive activity on refis and people waiting to do a lot of business as they are waiting for that moment that you were referring to as a hold. And if in fact the market was to do a pivot if that was to happen, I think it would be more activity, not less. So, even at a hold, I think that would not be bearish for CME, that could be very bullish for CME.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Terry.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Andrew Bond with Rosenblatt Securities. Please go ahead.
Andrew Bond: Hey. Good morning. Just following up on energy and specifically natural gas, 2022 was one of the tightest gas markets over the last decade. And this year, we appear to be set up for one of the more oversupplied markets in many years. We are seeing this pricing at the lowest level in 18 months. Can you talk about how this dynamic is likely to impact market participation and perhaps some of the structural shifts we have seen since natural  in the natural gas market since the Russian invasion?
Derek Sammann: Yes. And natural gas is an interesting one. It was directly  certainly impacted by the Russian invasion when you had that pipe gas coming from Russia directly into Europe, which is effectively the basis for the flow for the TTF contract. So, like crude, natural gas market is beginning to normalize. Now, given the unusually warm weather we have had both in Europe, which I think has failed a lot of Europe out as well as here in the U.S. The market was making sure that there was enough supply going into a normal winter. Its now feeling oversupplied in a warm winter, which is not a terrible thing for the consumer, but is some interesting dynamics in the market. We actually are seeing  when we looked at last year, the full year, our Henry Hub volume was down a couple of percent, 2%, 3%, something like I think  I saw something a little bit of a larger magnitude and the downdraft. But as I mentioned before, open interest is up 10% from the Q3 low. So, we are seeing that market begin to normalize. And more importantly, we are seeing participants in the large open interest holders up 17% from beginning [ph] to Q4. January is starting well. Overall, our nat gas complex as a whole was up about 1%, lead by options, up 8%. So, we are seeing some normalization of activity there. I think in the same way that we think about the structural position of our energy markets in the same way that we have seen the market evolve around WTI as that global physical market, we are seeing the same thing happen around Henry Hub. And Henry Hub is by far the largest natural gas market in the world growing the importance every year. Thats a function both of the significant production in the U.S., but the growing export capacity and volumes out of the U.S. as well. So, its not only is Henry Hub a huge domestic market, its becoming in light of the challenges to TTF, the global marker as well. TTF is going to have the position or the European market will have to begin to reference an LNG point out of Northern Europe. The TTF itself was taking pipe gas coming from Russia. So, in terms of where we are seeing client participation, similar to crude, we are starting some normalization, open interest up, client participations flowing back in and the centrality of Henry Hub global nat gas market puts us, we believe, in a very strong position. However, market dynamics evolve, whether we are going to be low and flat for a while or trending back up. Thats just a function of we are in the middle of gas season right now in an unusually warm winter. I think thats part of the overhang in the price right now. But we like the dynamics. We like our position and just the magnitude of Henry Hub versus TTF is something like it, I think the Henry Hub market would you normalize by molecule size is about 20x the size of TTF. So, we like our position. We like our customer participation and the open interest trends are heading in the right direction.
Andrew Bond: Alright. Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks Andrew.
Operator: And our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Hey. Hello again. Just one follow-up on the energy business, you got a bunch of questions on that. And I actually wanted to step back there for a second. I mean you said several times that you really like your strategic position. But when I look back over the last, whatever, 5 years, 10 years, 15 years, that business has been basically ex growth. And in the last 5 years, for example, I think its down 4% CAGR in revenue terms. When I look at your primary competitor, which obviously we all know and track, I mean I think at the same time, these guys have grown 5% revenue CAGR. So, there is a 9% delta. So, I hear you with the positioning, but I am just wondering like what structurally has happened there? And I know you have different product sets and so forth, but you still play in the same sandbox. So, hoping you can close that gap and maybe any idea like how?
Derek Sammann: Yes. Thanks. I appreciate it. I think you are right. We do have different products thats in our energy franchise. When you look at our Henry Hub franchise and ICEs LD-1, for example, those results have not been markedly differently in terms of performance over the last couple of years. Certainly, ICE has the basis market here and the TTF complex, which I think is under significant strain right now, in terms of what that means going forward as a long-term marker given some of the physical challenges where those gas flows are going to come from and what that now represents. But I wont try to tell you otherwise, that TTF market has been on a good run for the last 2 years or 3 years. So, they are in product sets that we are not. We are in product sets that they or not. I would point to our global missions offsets contracts in the voluntary carbon markets, as an example, of a market that we are in that they are not in right now. They are in the compliance markets or in the voluntary market. So, when you break down the pieces on the like-for-like businesses, those results have not been markedly differently where the different results are. Some of their asset  some of their products are there in where we are not have been contributors to the bottom line growth. So, from our perspective, we  as I said, we look at the structural benefits and the positioning of our core complex in WTI in global crude, which looks very positive as well as the Henry Hub complex, both of those being the biggest markets, now the biggest export markets for those respective products. So, we just  as a going forward, we like what we have done. We have globalized our business. We expanded our options complex. But that outperformance, Alex, as I said, its really a function of they have been lucky to be in products where they have franchises that we are not operating in. And thats, you got to be both good and lucky to be successful in this business, and we like our position going forward.
Alex Kramm: Very. Helpful. Appreciate it.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks Alex.
Operator: And our last question in queue is coming from the line of Kyle Voigt with KBW. Please go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Hi. Good morning. Maybe a question for Terry, I know you agreed to an extension on your employment contract last year. But with that, I believe, set to end next year. I am wondering if you would be able to or will be willing to share whether you are open to extending your employment contract again? And also if you could address or provide any color as to how the Board views succession planning more broadly?
Terrence Duffy: Yes. Thanks Kyle. And obviously, there is some confidentiality into the conversations that I have had with my Board, but I will just give you a general take on it. My contract goes to the end of 2024. I am committed to my Board that I will be here through 2024. At the same time, we will be looking at  we are looking at succession. And if in fact, the Board is not comfortable with that process, I told them I would say until they are. So, thats kind of how we are leaving it. So, a lot could happen between now and then, obviously, but my commitment is to a company, it has been all these years, and it will not deviate from that. So, the Board knows that, but we all have a job ahead of us to make sure that we do the right succession planning and make sure its a seamless one. And that has the attributes to do multiple things from Washington to M&A and everything else. There is a lot goes on in these businesses. And there is not too many exchanges as we know in the world that people know how to operate. So, we got to find the right person, but we got  we have a lot of talent in not only in this room, but through the organization. And if in fact, the Board is in-comfortable with where we are at, then I will extend until they are.
Kyle Voigt: Its very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: And that is all the questions we have. I would now like to turn the call back over to management.
Terrence Duffy: Well, thank you all for taking time out this morning and we hope you have a good day and be safe.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. Ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to CME Group Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. My name is Sarah, and I will be your coordinator for today's event. Please note, this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I will now hand you over to your host, John Peschier, to begin today's conference. Thank you.
John Peschier: Good morning, and I hope you all are doing well today. I'm going to start with the safe harbor language, then I'll turn it over to Terry and team for brief remarks followed by your questions. Other members of our management team will also participate in the Q&A session. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statement. Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with the SEC, which are on our website.  Lastly, on the final page of the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. On a personal note, today will be my last earnings call as I am retiring after more than 20 years with CME. My first day on the job was December 24, 2001, with a plan that CME would go public soon after I joined.  CME ultimately went public in December of 2002, and it has been an amazing journey. We have created a lot of value for our investors. I want to thank all of our shareholders and sell-side analysts who I have met on this journey, and I want to thank all my CME colleagues I've worked with closely with during the last 2 decades. In particular, the CFOs Dave, Jamie and John. Most importantly, Jennifer George and Susan Jacks with whom I have worked closely with for many years, have been instrumental to our success. Lastly, I'd like to thank Terry for his leadership of this successful journey. He and I are the only ones left who were on the first CME earnings call in 2003 and has been a great run.  With that, I will turn it over to Terry.
Terrence Duffy: Well, thank you all for joining us this morning, and let me take a quick moment first to thank you, John, on behalf of all of us for an incredible run. More than 2 decades, as you said, with CME and giving service to the organization and a shareholder relations organization. You have been an instrumental force in our Investor Relations and analyst outreach, helping us grow from our early days, as you said, as a public company to the leading derivatives marketplace we have become today.  As a friend and respected colleague to so many, you've made a significant impact on our business. There is no doubt you'll be missed. We wish you nothing but the best for you and your family going forward. And again, on behalf of everybody at CME and throughout the investor community, John, we thank you very much for your leadership. Thank you.
John Peschier: Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: We are leaving the investment community in good hands with the remaining members of the Investor Relations. As John referenced, Jennifer George and Susan Jacks, who have worked side by side with John through his entire career as well as Adam Minick, who you'll all get to know soon, who recently joined the Investor Relations department coming over from our strategy department. So we look forward to all of you meeting up with Adam.  We released our executive commentary earlier today, which provided extensive details on the third quarter of 2022. I have John, Lynne, Sean, Derek, Sunil and Julie Winkler on the call this morning as well as Tim McCourt, our Global Head of Equity and FX products. I felt it was important to take some time to not only run through a snapshot of our current business and financial results, but more importantly, to expand on why we feel our business is in such a strong position to finish out the year and head into 2023 on a high note.  I will start, and then Sean, Tim and Derek will provide some thoughts before John finishes up our commentary with details related to our financial results and our JV. Then he will then open the -- we will open the call for your questions.  Let me start by taking -- talking about the tremendous amount of uncertainty in the markets today. Whether that be uncertainty around the U.S. Federal Reserve policy, varying views about the recession risk with inflation at levels not seen since the 1980s or uncertainty around the size and speed of the unwind of the Fed's balance sheet, when there is uncertainty driving activity in our interest rate business. The impacts cascade to other asset classes, most prominently in equities as rate changes impact corporate valuations and in foreign exchange with varied policies and approaches from central banks around the world.  We are also seeing high level of volatility in the commodities markets, which appear likely to persist given the impact of the Russian invasion in Ukraine and the resulting disruption affecting both agriculture and energy markets in the region and around the world. Risk management is our business, and we have been and always will be committed to helping our customers manage uncertainty. We do this across our unique breadth of asset classes and our broad range of deeply liquid globally relevant products.  With that being said, let me transition into our Q3 performance. Our performance for Q3 and year-to-date in 2022 highlights the effectiveness of our risk management solution. Our volume is up 23% year-to-date versus the same period last year, and up 19% from the same period in 2019 prior to the pandemic. The highest average daily volume quarter in CME's -- Group's history was Q1 of 2020 when risk management was critical at the onset of the pandemic. The first 3 quarters of this year have been the second, third and fourth highest ADV quarters in our history.  So far, in 2022, our interest rates, equities and FX products have hit peak levels of large open interest holders with our interest rate products at an all-time high again, just last week, suggesting that this represents a risk-on environment. Additionally, Q3 represented our fifth sequential quarter of double-digit year-over-year growth in total ADV. With the pandemic becoming part of our lives, global economics and market participants are left to manage not only uncertain market risk but also potential new risk associated with the pandemic.  We're pleased the next integration is complete and market participants are able to access cash treasuries and cash foreign exchange through one platform, complementing our existing futures on treasuries and on foreign exchange. The breadth of the assets we've built over time, combined with the work we are currently doing a partnership, with Google to transform markets, will provide us further opportunity to continue our industry-leading innovation going forward. And we are 100% focused on growing in the short term while also positioning the business for long-term sustained growth.  I'll now turn it over to Sean, and then Tim and Derek, to dig into more detail around these themes.
Sean Tully: Thanks, Terry. With the return of interest rate volatility and central bank activity, we've seen strong year-over-year growth in our fixed income businesses.  Interest Rate Futures and options ADV were up 28% in Q3, and we've now delivered 6 consecutive double-digit year-over-year ADV growth quarters for the asset class. The tailwinds Terry described should continue moving through 2023. Every FOMC meeting is in play and with high and uncertain inflation, every jobs report and every Consumer Price Index reading is important.  You could see this very clearly with the 34 million contracts trading on a single day on October 13, following the latest CPI release and the uncertainty here could remain for years as inflation ratings for rent and shelter tend to lag the real economy by up to 18 months. These factors have led to significant trading volumes in our short-term interest rate complex with volumes up 45% through the first 3 quarters. During this time, we have progressed the Eurodollar to SOFR migration with SOFR futures and options both now trading more contracts per day than their Eurodollar counterparts, reaching a record 5.9 million SOFR contracts traded on October 13.  Lastly, our AARC endorsed Term SOFR benchmark has already been licensed to over 1,700 firms in 83 different countries and has been referenced in over $2.8 trillion of loans and OTC derivatives. On the long end of the curve, we saw double-digit ADV growth in both Q2 and Q3, in Treasury futures and Treasury options have had particular strength with 21% growth in Q3. We the tailwinds from Fed balance sheet reduction and inflation are becoming larger and have the potential to be long-lasting due to the huge increase in government debt. And as Terry mentioned, uncertainty and monetary policy then drives uncertainty in other asset classes.  I'll turn it over to Tim to speak to this very point.
Tim McCourt: Thanks, John, and it's a pleasure to be on the call today. Allow me to start with the strength of our Equity Index business where our deep and liquid markets offer access to the most important global benchmark indices on one platform around the clock. This strong foundation positioned us well in 2022 as interest rate expectations have led to equity valuation adjustments and increased need for risk management. The first 3 quarters of this year were the first second and third highest ADV quarters on record, respectively, for overall Equity Index ADV as well as Equity Index options ADV.  Year-to-date through Q3, total ADV has increased 44% and options ADV has increased 74% compared with the same time frame of last year. It is important to note that our growth is driven not only by volatility, but also by product innovation.  One of our most successful innovations was the launch of our Micro E-mini products in 2019. We view the Micros as a useful tool to continue to attract new international and U.S.-based customers given the smaller contract size and the lower upfront financial commitment. Due to the premium price point on a risk equivalent basis, the 3.2 million micro equity contracts that trade per day at the revenue equivalent of approximately 1 million E-mini contracts, despite being 1/10 the notional size.  We've also introduced a suite of products that bring traditional OTC functionality to CME such as Basis Trade Index Close, Adjusted Interest Rate Total Return Futures, Sector Futures, Dividend Futures, Equity Option block and most recently, Derived Block functionality.  These OTC alternative products meet customers' need under the uncleared margin rules while benefiting from the capital efficiency afforded by our equities franchise. These premium products command fees of 3 to 4x that of standard equity rate and added approximately 160,000 contracts per day in the third quarter.  Now I will turn to FX, which has certainly come alive following an extended period of historic low volatility and with a third quarter FX ADV up 41% year-over-year. Similar to equities, we have introduced innovations in our FX business during the low volatility period, and we are now harvesting those investments. We've changed minimum price increments, built out emerging market currencies, introduced OTC alternatives like FX Link, added EBS cash markets and created tools and analytics that show the efficiencies of trading FX at CME. These innovations position us well to continue to benefit from the volatility in the currency markets as the disparate interest rate approaches of the global central banks continue to flow through to the foreign exchange market.  Derek will now address the trends in our commodities, options and international businesses.
Derek Sammann: Thanks, Tim. While our Energy business, which has been impacted by temporary market dislocations was the only asset cost that was down in Q3, we like our long-term structural positives for our U.S. energy benchmarks, including WTI crude oil, refined products and Henry Hub Natural Gas.  U.S. is producing nearly 12 million barrels of oil a day and exporting record levels of crude and refined products. The U.S. is the marginal supplier of crude oil to Europe and Asia, which positions WTI and a refined product benchmarks well for the long term beyond the current supply and price dislocation. Similarly, the U.S. of the world's largest producer and exporter of natural gas, boosted by increasing liquified natural gas exports priced off Henry Hub futures markets.  Additional LNG facilities are coming online in the U.S. in the medium term, which further bolsters Henry Hub as the benchmark for the global natural gas market for decades to come. As the market transitions through the short-term disruptions caused by the war in Ukraine, we believe that we have the strongest portfolio of risk management tools in the global energy and environmental products markets, which positions us well to grow this asset class over the long term.  In agricultural products, CME's markets serve as the benchmarks for global price discovery in grains, oilseeds, livestock, dairy and lumber. We saw increased customer activity in the third quarter with average daily volume of 1.2 million contracts, up 6% year-over-year with particular strength in options. Buy side and bank customers are our strongest performing client segments this year, and our strongest global growth is coming from Latin America.  Turning to Metals. Third quarter average daily volume increased 4% to 498,000 contracts, led by a 20% growth in September. CME Group's aluminum futures continue to see strong adoption by both commercial and financial market participants. Given the customer growth we are seeing, the adoption of COMEX Aluminum by top metals broker, Marex, and the success we've had in getting our reference prices to be included in physical procurement contracts from commercial customers, we feel that we are at an inflection point for growth in this important market.  Turning to options. We continue to see Options ADV and Open Interest outpacing futures. Terry spoke earlier about the high levels of uncertainty in the world today, and options are a powerful tool for helping our global customers to manage risk in that environment and can be a more cost-effective means for getting exposure since only the option premium is included.  With year-to-date options, ADV up 27% to 4.1 million contracts a day, we are on track to surpass our record year from 2019 of 4 million contracts. Finally, our international business continues to generate record volumes. In the third quarter, we delivered 6.1 million ADV, up 21% versus last year. Based on our strong year-to-date results, we are on track to deliver another record year with our non-U.S. ADV through September of 6.5 million contracts compared to our record 5.5 million ADV from last year.  With that, I'll turn it over to John.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Derek. CME's revenue for the third quarter was approximately $1, 230,000,000 billion driven by a 26.1% growth in trading activity. This was up 10.6% compared to the third quarter of last year and up nearly 15% when adjusting for the impacts of the formation of OSTTRA, our post-trade joint venture with S&P Global that we formed in September of last year. This is our fourth consecutive quarter when making that adjustment of double-digit revenue growth, demonstrating the importance of our markets in these uncertain times.  Market Data revenue was again a record during the quarter, up 6% compared to a year ago to $154 million, reflecting the strong need for the information our markets produce. Expenses continue to be very carefully managed, and on an adjusted basis were $441 million for the quarter, and $359 million, excluding license fees. Our efforts towards moving to the cloud progressed as expected, and we are nearing the completion of the initial foundational work necessary to migrate our applications.  Year-to-date, we spent approximately $21 million in incremental cash cost towards that effort and expect to end the year at approximately $30 million and within our first year guidance for that project. On a year-to-date adjusted basis, excluding our Google spend, license fees and the impacts of the formation of OSTTRA, our revenues were up 13% and our expenses were only up 3%. We continue to manage our capital expenditures effectively and with an eye towards our move to the cloud.  As a result, we are lowering our CapEx guidance to $100 million. For the quarter, our capital expenditures were approximately $20 million. Our joint ventures and investments continue to produce meaningful results for CME Group. Year-to-date, on an adjusted basis, these investments have contributed $272.5 million or close to 10% of our pretax income this year.  In addition to the earnings they contribute, their strategic importance continues to play out. The OSTTRA joint venture is capturing synergies through the combination of our post-trade businesses with that of S&P Global. This creates the leader in the space and has the scope and scale for long-term growth. Our S&P Dow Jones Indices joint venture has delivered 14% average annual earnings growth since the first full year of inception in 2013.  Strategically, the exclusive rights to the indices that we have secured through our ownership of the joint venture underpins over 20% of the overall futures contracts traded at CME Group and creates significant capital efficiencies across our equity complex, making us the global destination for equity futures.  We also benefit from the trading of products licensed by the joint venture to other exchanges and from the continued move from active to passive investing. These joint ventures and other investments that we've made continue to position CME well strategically and financially.  For the quarter, CME had an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.4%, which resulted in an adjusted net income of $719 million, up 25% from the third quarter last year and an adjusted EPS attributable to common shareholders of $1.98. CME paid out $2.3 billion of dividends so far this year and cash at the end of the quarter was approximately $2.2 billion.  In summary, our global benchmarks, data, innovation, investments and strong focus on execution, continue to address the needs of our clients and deliver results for our shareholders. Please refer to the last page of our executive commentary for additional financial highlights and details. We'd like to now open up the call for your questions. Based Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from the line of Rich Repetto from Piper Sandler.
Richard Repetto: Terry, John and I guess first thing is for John Peschier. You've been a very thoughtful and unwaveringly committed and loyal employee and has been a pleasure working for, however, many years and he's done a great job training Jennifer and Susan. We're excited to work with the team going forward as well. So congrats, John.
John Peschier: Thanks, Rich.
Richard Repetto: Terry, I guess my one question would be, the media reported, I think, within the last month or so that you apply for an FCM license or try to obtain an FCM license through the CFTC. I was just trying to understand what was the purpose of the rationale behind doing that.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Rich. Appreciate it. Your first day was at the NFA, we filed the application and then we'll eventually go to the CFTC just for -- all right, cadence perspective. But I think what's important is I never defined how we would ever use an FCM. And I think there's been a tremendous amount of speculation about how CME would or would not use an FCM.  I also I think it's important to note that I don't know, and I don't know anybody that does know what an FCM is going to look like 3, 5, 10, 15 years from now. And I just don't know what that's going to look like. Is it going to look the same as it does today or will look completely different? I don't know. I don't think it's in anyone's best interest to wait to find out.  I think you should be going along with that process to see. But I want to make sure something is very clear. My commitment, our commitment at CME to our FCM community, as I've said, is unwavering. And we are going to continue to work to make them better, our existing FCMs and our future FCMs, how we can partner with them and make them better. So I think that's really important. And also, I know there's on speculation about CME is looking to get their own FCM because of retail products.  Let me be very clear about this. Our existing FCM base and our future FCM base, wherever that may or may not be, has plenty of wherewithal to address the retail market for CME Group. So that is not, not the purpose of doing an FCM. So I think it's really important that we just clarify a few of these things.  But again, my position is -- and the company's position is we want to work with our existing FCMs, we will continue to do so. That is the model that we enjoy, but we're also not of the mind that we don't think things could potentially change down the road, and we will be prepared. So when I say that, our costs associated with this FCM so far is about 0. So we have not put any money into this. We just filed an application. But we will be watching the space very, very carefully. And again, we will not ever put CME in a position where it's coming from behind. We will always be leading going forward. So hopefully, I answered the questions and more, but I really want to make it clear.  There's been no defined FCM that CME has applied for that is competing with the existing FCM model today. I know all the pitfalls or people have talked about with the DSR status, things of that nature. Those things can all be worked around if, in fact, they need to be worked around. But that's not the purpose of our application.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Dan Fannon from Jefferies.
Daniel Fannon: Congrats, John Peschier, on your retirement. My question is for the other, John, just on expenses. Just obviously, the guidance implies a pretty material step up into the fourth quarter. So could you talk about what that entails in terms of where -- what you're spending on and how that ramps?  And then I know it's early, but just thinking about 2023 and kind of the roll forward of the Google spend and other investment priorities. Can you talk about how to think about growth in expenses versus what you guys have done historically?
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thanks, Dan. Thanks for the question. Yes, the fourth quarter of this year -- fourth quarter of all years, generally speaking, in the fourth quarter of this year, is traditionally the heaviest quarter in terms of expenses, and we expected that to occur this year. There are a number of planned customer events and marketing spend in the fourth quarter, and we expect increased in-person sales activity reflecting the improved business environment.  So if you look at last year and adjust for OSTTRA, you saw about a 10% increase in expenses from Q3 to Q4. This year, it's a little bit heavier between Q3 and Q4. This would imply about a 15% increase. And if you look at the expense spend between Q3 and Q4 last year, we did not have the improving business environment that we see this year. So we are expecting definitely more increased in-person sales activity, marketing spend and travel.  So that accounts for some of the increase that we're seeing this year. The remainder -- so when you take a look at -- sorry, when you take a look at Q3 to Q4, we expect approximately 70% of the increase to be in the marketing, travel and in-person events. The remainder of the sequential increase would be related to salary and wages, reflecting variable compensation related to our company's performance and staffing of key roles and customer-facing resources.  So last year, again, the variable compensation is higher this year than last year and also the number of employees are higher this year than last year. We're expecting to hire more going into the fourth quarter. We also expect to see increased professional services as we are investing in growth projects. So that kind of accounts for Q4 growth compared to Q3 and a bit about the difference between last year and this year.  You are right, as we are early in the process of looking at our budget for next year, and as you know, and as the entire team knows the entire group here at CME has done a very effective job over the years of managing our costs, and we tend to do the same towards this incoming year. It's a bit too early to give guidance.  And as I said, we are still in the budget building process, and that has to be approved by the Board. So we are definitely keeping our eyes on inflationary impacts, and we're looking to mitigate those impacts through process efficiencies, leveraging lower cost locations, partnering with vendors and being judicious in hiring.  So I think the way to think about 2023 is to think about how we've been managing costs over the last several years. We've done a very effective job ensuring that we're spending very efficiently. And we'll continue to leverage that approach going into next year. So that's some of the kind of the core business.  In terms of the Google spend and in terms of our migration. We're working through the plan for next year now. We are, as I mentioned, the last, I guess, a couple of earnings calls ago, we're expecting on average to be approximately $30 million in incremental spend over the next 4 years as we approach the point where costs will be lower, assuming similar volume levels.  And I think we're planning on kind of a similar type spend as this year, but that will be a function of how fast we're going to be migrating the applications on to the Google platform. So we're pretty -- we're pleased with where we're at in terms of our Google progress. It's about where we expected it would be. And as I said in my prepared remarks, the initial foundation that we needed to create in order to start rolling those apps is nearing completion. So we'll be looking to see the apps migrate at a quicker rate going into 2023. So that's the kind of the expense view this so far this year.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Alex Kramm from UBS.
Alexander Kramm: I want to talk about the LIBOR, SOFR or Eurodollar SOFR transition. Now that you have, I guess, a date in next April to basically shut down the Eurodollar. If I understand this correctly, I want to really understand what that means, both from a potential volume and also revenue impact. So can you remind us what you're charging for when it comes to SOFR and Eurodollar today independently where there's still certain discounts or non-charging?  And then more importantly, as one contract goes away, I assume today, there's a lot of, I guess, trading or arbing between those 2 products happening. So just wondering if you have an estimate, how much that could be today? And how much of that could potentially go away? So we're clear about, again, like a revenue or volume impact coming from next year?
Sean Tully: Thanks, Terry, and thanks, Alex, for the question. We are very pleased with the progress we have made in the SOFR transition. SOFR Futures traded 2.6 million contracts a day in September, while SOFR Options traded more than 850,000 contracts per day. SOFR Futures are now trading more than double the volumes of Eurodollar futures and SOFR Options are now trading 130% of what Eurodollar options trade every day. So for Futures, now have more than 8 million contracts in open interest or 98.5% of Eurodollar futures. And SOFR Options have reached 15 million contracts open interest, or 70% of Eurodollar options.  In terms of RPC. As you know, in June, July and August, we executed our Silver First for Options initiative, which had very strong support from U.S. and U.K. regulators as well as from our customers. On the back of that, we've achieved the incredibly strong growth that you've seen. That program, in terms of SOFR First for Options was completed at the end of August. That program had, first of all, fee waivers for all participants for June, July and August; and secondly, significantly enhanced incentives to create liquidity, in order to build the same ecosystem and to have as much liquidity and efficiency in that marketplace as the marketplace has enjoyed in Eurodollar Futures and Options. We have now achieved very much of what we needed to there.  And with that, as I said, we did remove those fee waivers at the end of August, and we did decrease the overall incentives to market participants. As you know, incentives are important to ensure that we have liquidity for all participants and our Eurodollar Futures have had incentives historically and continue to have incentives. So we do expect that the incentives that are required for Eurodollar futures and options will be required in the longer run for SOFR Future and Options.  We do expect, however, that we will be able to continue to decrease the incentives, the extra incentives above what we've had for Eurodollar Futures and Options in the coming months. So we think we're in a very good place. We think we're on a very good path, and we are following our plan. And overall, I think we're in a good place.
Terrence Duffy: Alex, let me just -- it's Terry Duffy. Let me add to what Sean said because one of the parts of your question that we didn't answer is on the arb between Eurodollars and SOFR. You have to remember what Sean said, and I said and others did. 1.5 years, 2 years ago and subsequently every quarter going forward, is that we are at an extreme benefit to have both these contracts listed at CME, and we did see a lot of trading going back and forth between the two. But the objective and the goal was to have that or end up in the SOFR products, knowing full well that the LIBOR was going to be discontinued. So I think when you look at the arb, you will have to look at it in a success rate of arbing from Eurodollars into the SOFR, which Sean gave you the statistics, which are now larger than the Eurodollar. So Sean?
Sean Tully: Yes, I apologize, not answering that part of the question. Thank you, Terry. So the intercommodity spreads between the 2 products are running between 250,000 and 350,000 contracts a day to make it perfectly quantitative.
Terrence Duffy: Yes. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit more insight. All along that was our strategy as the incumbent of the Eurodollars is to move it into the SOFR, and we successfully did that.
Alexander Kramm: Yes. No, that's great. Great numbers there.
Operator: For our next question, we have Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley on the line.
Michael Cyprys: Just wanted to ask about customer collateral, just given the movement in interest rates. I was hoping you can update us on your latest expectations around the take rates on cash collateral as well as noncash collateral? And how you expect those take rates and balances to evolve from here, particularly if we get another 75 basis point hike in November? And what you expect to see from customers in terms of shifting back and forth between cash and noncash collateral?
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Michael. I'll let John go ahead and answer that, and I might jump in as well.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thanks, Michael. Yes, let's take a look at our collateral earnings in its totality. So first, in the nonoperating section of our income statement, we've got earnings on cash held by clients at the clearing house, and that was up $14 million sequentially. Average cash balances were lower by $27.5 billion to $117.5 billion and that was more than offset by higher returns, which were 29 basis points for the quarter, an increase of 9 basis points. The last 2 rate hikes were passed on to our clients, which helped lessen the reduction in those balances.  So looking in our other revenue section of our income statement. Custody revenue was up $9 million, driven primarily by an increase in average noncash collateral balances held by our clients in the clearing house and a fee increase on those balances from 7 -- 5 basis points to 7 basis points.  Balances eligibly charged to a fee increased from an average of $81 billion in Q2 to $95 billion in Q3. So we had a sequential increase in noncash collateral earnings of $9 million, which is in the revenue line, an increase of $14 million sequentially on cash, and that's in the nonoperating section of our income statement for a total of a $23 million sequential increase in earnings on collateral.  So let's take a look at what is going on in the fourth quarter so far. So average cash balances through October 24, were $117.8 billion, so roughly flat with the average for Q3, and we had an ending balance of cash of $110 billion on October 24.  Noncash collateral, which is subject to fees, again, there's another noncash collateral, which we don't earn fees on, but the noncash collateral, subject to fees, average for October so far through the 24th was $90.3 billion, with an ending balance of $95.6 billion. So that gives you an idea of what happened for the quarter and how those balances are trending for the fourth quarter so far.  So in terms of what happens going forward, there's a number of factors that play into that. First is the total amount of collateral that needs to be put up at the clearing house, which is subject to the types of trading and the risk management required for that trading. So that determines the total size of the amount of collateral that's put up and then clients will have a certain amount of cash and noncash collateral that they need just to run their business. So they'll put that up depending on what they have on hand.  And to the extent they can optimize their portfolio, they will put up that instrument that yields the highest return. So we look at the amount of cash that they -- the amount of return they can get on cash they put up at the clearinghouse versus other instruments that they could put up at the clearing house.  Now what we've done over the last several rate hikes is that we've maintained a minus 25 basis point spread versus what the Fed has moved. And I think that's proven to be effective to maintain the balances that we've been able to maintain so far. But it's really going to be a function of what their businesses require and how they optimize their portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Great. Maybe just one other clarification on the collateral balances. Were there other drivers in that nonoperating income line in the investment income? And other nonoperating costs aside from the collateral balances is one question. And the other question, if I can sneak one in, is on the RPC trends coming into the fourth quarter. I guess, first of all, is sort of some of that noise on the RPC on rates from that SOFR LIBOR transition and do you expect that to sort of go away in the fourth quarter or over the next coming months?  And then on -- it looks like you have pricing power on the micro products as well across that franchise. Maybe just some sort of outlook as how that you think that may develop coming into 2023.
John Pietrowicz: Wild grind, there's a lot of questions in there. So let's start out and take a look at the entire nonoperating section of our income statement. And that can -- I think that will be helpful for that -- for you to understand all the moving parts are there. So if you take a look between Q2 and Q3, in the nonoperating section of our income statement, you see that it's a sequential increase of $13 million. I talked a little bit about the earnings on cash held by our clients at the clearing house, and that was up $14 million.  We also saw earnings on CME cash, and that was up about $8.6 million. So that was an increase in earnings. We did see a slight increase in interest expense. That was up about $0.5 million, and that was related to a credit that we received last quarter. And then finally is the earnings in unconsolidated subsidiaries. And I think here, again, I kind of highlighted it in the prepared remarks. We're very pleased with the way our joint ventures and investments have been performing. This quarter, however, we did see some impacts of onetime items in the joint venture. So OSTTRA, which is our post-trade joint venture with S&P Global was down about $3 million.  And the S&P Dow Jones sequentially was down about $6 million. And that's because both in Q2 and in Q3, there were onetime adjustments. If you normalize those out, the earnings on those joint ventures were relatively flat with earnings on the OSTTRA joint venture in the $19.5 million to $20 million range.  And then if you look at the S&P Dow Jones joint venture, its results are roughly in the $61 million to $62 million range. So another kind of key point to make there is that when you look at the nonoperating -- when you look at the S&P Dow Jones joint venture in the equity and unconsolidated subsidiaries line, year-to-date, the joint venture -- when you make the adjustments for the onetime items, is up about 13% year-over-year, and it's had a CAGR of 16% since 2020.  So very pleased with how those are performing. So that gives you kind of the breakdown on that part of your question. You had a question about the RPC, which I think, Sean, you kind of hit that the last question. Do you want to just kind of reemphasize that?
Sean Tully: Yes. In terms of the RPC, as I said, we had market-wide fee waivers in June, July and August. All of those were removed at the end of August. In addition to that, we had very significant liquidity incentives in June, July and August and all of those are gone.  We do have some incentives that are greater than the incentives that we've had historically for Eurodollar Futures and Options still in place. However, we will look to reduce those as we have been. I do expect, right, a significantly higher RPC for SOFR Options for obvious reasons in Q4. Again, the fee waivers are gone, and the additional -- the significant additional liquidity incentives that we had during June, July and August are gone. So those will be positive impacts in Q4.
John Pietrowicz: And then there was a question on -- I think, Brian, you had a question on the pricing power for micros?
Brian Bedell: For the micros, yes, they've been increasing across all the categories. So just wondering if that's sustainable.
Terrence Duffy: Why don't you break down the asset class that you're talking about, you want to talk something about the equities, John?
Tim McCourt: Yes, sure. So this is Tim. And thanks, Brian. When we look at the Micro E-mini contracts, as I said in my opening remarks, they are a premium price to the older sibling E-mini contract. They're about 1/10 of size. But they're -- depending on the index you're looking at between 1/4 to 1/3 the cost. So that is something that is of importance. It's been a good driver of growth both in terms of volume and revenue for us.  I think one thing that's important to note with respect to the pricing power of Micro E-mini is not commenting on where that might go in the future is that when we look at its relative value to other product choices in the market. Despite being at a premium, it's still growing faster than, say, the SPY ETF.  When you look at the micro S&P E-mini contract growth in 2021, that's up about 57% versus last year. When you look at the spot ETF, that's up only a little over 30% despite the premium to the E-mini contract and the premium to the ETF, it is still of tremendous value to the marketplace as evidenced by the premium price of command as well as the sustained growth at CME and versus comparable products.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. And just in terms of pricing in general, as I mentioned, from the question that Dan Fannon had, we're going through the budget building process right now, and this is the time that we take a look at our pricing. There's a number of factors that go into the pricing decisions, including the health of the market, how much other -- how our clients can get exposure in other markets, innovation that we've created, the liquidity that we've created.  We've done, I think, a tremendous job of developing a lot of value for our clients. But that is in the process that we normally do every year about this time. We review our incentive plans as Sean has mentioned, and we do that regularly. So we'll reallocate resources in terms of programs to ensure that we're developing the liquidity and creating value for our clients. So that process is underway now as we develop the plan for 2023.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Kyle Voigt from KBW.
Kyle Voigt: Maybe a question on the growth in Asia. It was extremely strong in the quarter at 41%. It looks like the growth there has accelerated over the -- each of the past 3 quarters. It looks like a lot of that growth is being driven by Equity Index and FX. Maybe you could just help us drill in a bit further and provide any more color or help us understand which customer segments you think are driving that growth?  Or is it asset managers, hedge funds, retail or other users? And is there a way to help investors kind of frame the ultimate size of that opportunity from Asia? And how much more runway there is to grow at these levels?
Terrence Duffy: Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yes. I appreciate the question, Kyle. Yes, International continues to go from strength to strength. As I mentioned at the top of the call, we're on track for a pretty significant beat on last year's total non-U.S. volume record, which is $5.5 million last year. We're averaging $6.5 million a year this year. And as you rightly point out, our growth in Asia continues to go from strength to strength.  In the Q3 of this year, we put our sixth consecutive quarter up and 14th consecutive quarter of growth. On the APAC business, we're up 41% this year, our fastest-growing part of our business. EMEA grew up 14% and LatAm grew at about 31%.  When you dig into the region, as you rightly point out, we've seen particular strength and growth with our financial products, equities, fixed income. Actually, Asia, interestingly, is the strongest area of growth for our energy business. Our Asian Energy business up 30% year-to-date this year as well. So it's broad growth.  Equities is a strong driver for us. When you look at the individual countries, it is spread stronger across multiple countries. It's no one particular country that's delivering strongest growth, where we've seen particular bright sparks is in Korea. Our Korean business this year is up 45%. That has now stepped into our second largest revenue generator for us across all of our non-U.S. jurisdictions that have been a pretty significant climb over the last couple of years.  Other significant growth drivers coming out of Asia is Taiwan, is up 53% volumes this year; India, up 65%; and the Middle East, primarily United Arab Emirates and Dubai, specifically, is showing volume growth of almost 70% growth. So Asia continues to be a strong support area for us. Julie Winkler and her global sales team are pursuing the global sales campaigns for our regional products and bring it in new clients working through our channel partners. Retail is a big part of that story and the Micro story. And I said that's a strong part of the energy growth there as well. So hopefully that gave you some color on what we're seeing, and we think that we're probably early innings of the client's penetration in Asia as well going forward.
Terrence Duffy: Kyle and I know the other analyst as well. Derek has now taken over the international business over the last several months. He has restructured the division and he has actually been globetrotting around and being a customer-facing participant as a managing -- team members. So I think that's added a lot to the success of the international businesses putting a face with the name and the name of the face, whatever you like to say.  That's been really important for us to get back out there. We've been stressing this. John reflected some of the costs in our numbers, but we are back in front of clients all over the world, and Derek's done a really good job of that and heading up to new international, okay. And I think the numbers are reflecting it. So thank you for your question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: Great. I was hoping we could zone in on sort of what are some of the dynamics in cash, fixed income markets. We've seen volumes relatively slow there, especially in light of the volatility we've seen in the market place broadly in CME's revenue, I guess, on the kind of former -- next business have also been trending a little bit slower.  So any color you could provide in terms of the look through to clients, who is doing better, who is doing worse? And what do you think ultimately needs to happen to get this market going a little bit more? Is QT the catalyst or as long as well, as high as it is, there's just muted activity?
Terrence Duffy: Sean, do you want to go ahead and address that?
Sean Tully: Sure. Thanks very much for the question, Alex. If you look at our BrokerTec U.S. Treasury volumes, they're up 11% year-over-year year-to-date. It is very similar to our Treasury Futures complex. So BrokerTec U.S. Treasuries and CME's Treasury Futures, the most liquid Treasury instruments available on the planet are growing at similar levels.  If you look at the BrokerTec business in a bit more detail, U.S. repo was up 21% year-over-year and European repo is up 17% year-over-year. So our U.S. repo business and our European repo business are on track for all-time record years. Some of the initiatives that we have been engaged in, relative to the post migration of BrokerTec to Globex, have also seen some good success.  Our RV trading order type achieved a new all-time record in the third quarter with $2.1 billion a day and our cross-selling of BrokerTec into our futures clients working with our CD&S team under Julie Winkler. We've added 9 new clients to the BrokerTec platform that have never traded on it before, and they are currently trading $6.1 billion a day.  If you look at the survey, likewise, you can see our results there. But year-over-year, in September, we saw a significant increase in market share relative to the alternative marketplaces. In terms of go forward for the Treasury market, as we said in our opening remarks, inflation, obviously, is at the highest level in 4 years and is very volatile.  You've also only just begun to see the Federal Reserve reduces its balance sheet. The Federal Reserve to date has only reduced its balance sheet by about $200 billion. If you look at their expectations for reduction in balance sheet for next year at $95 billion a month. That would mean more than $1 trillion in reduction in that Fed balance sheet next year relative to the $200 billion that we've seen so far.  So in terms of the BrokerTec business doing well post migration, our new initiatives, getting good traction. We're also investing in further analytics. We're also investing in a direct streaming platform, leveraging the technology that we built for EBS. So reusing that technology a second time for a new business. So overall, I think that the increased deficits of the U.S. government, the decreased size of the Fed balance sheet and the high level of inflation should be a tailwind for that business for years to come.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gautam Sawant from Credit Suisse.
Gautam Sawant: I just had two follow-ups here. One was just on the commentary around the interest rates complex. Given the types of trading and risk management strategies you're seeing right now with the rising short-term rates, can you speak to the types of trading strategies or changes in client behavior that could translate into activity migrating from the short end of the curve to maybe the medium- and longer-term products?
Sean Tully: Yes, sure. We've seen far stronger growth in the short end, as we mentioned with every single Fed meeting in play. We've also seen very strong growth in our SOFR Futures and Options. At the long end, we have seen double-digit growth, although at a slower pace. We do expect, as I said already, with the reduction in the size of the Fed balance sheet and the expected $1 trillion deficits, as far as the eye can see from the congressional budget office that, that long end will have a tailwind for market participants as we move forward.
Gautam Sawant: Okay. And as a follow-up, can you just provide an update on the metal complex? And if there's an increased willingness to participate from maybe some of the international physical warehouse operators?
Terrence Duffy: Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yes. This is Derek. Good question. We've certainly seen a pretty significant change in what's happening in the industrial metals market post March of this year. We -- as we've been talking about, have been putting significant efforts into providing a robust alternative market in markets like aluminum. We've established a great deal of success in the copper markets over the last 5 years. We have seen a significant increase in activity in our aluminum business specifically since March. We've seen an influx of new client interest and demand from customers looking to take advantage of what they know, just how COMEX markets operate within CME Group on the precious metal side and on the copper side.  As I mentioned at the top of my call, there was an exciting development and announcement yesterday out of London were Marex, which is the largest broker on the LME, has announced they will be providing direct market access into COMEX aluminum products and providing market commentary on a daily basis to expand their customer market reach and access into COMEX aluminum markets.  We're also seen more commercial customers right in COMEX references for aluminum for their physical procurement, which when we're moving physical benchmarks, that's a heavy lift. So we're excited to see both on the commercial participant side as well as on the financial participant side, increasing record levels of volume, open interest and commercial participation as well as the broker intermediary adoption of COMEX based on client demand.  So we are here to serve client needs. We're seeing that and our global efforts to procure access into that market, I think, has been something we've done a good job over the last few months. We're a point of inflection in this market, but we like where things are positioned and where we're going from here.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Owen Lau from Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: First of all, I congrats John for the retirement. So in terms of capital return, in terms of capital return, given the amount of cash you have on your balance sheet and also the leverage, how do you think about variable dividend this year? Also for valuation, given where your share is trading at compared to historical level, how would you think about share buybacks as well?
Terrence Duffy: On our variable, I'm going to let John and Lynne comment a little bit here. But on our variable, obviously, we meet with our Board and our Finance Committee. We walked through a process and make a determination. And we look at, obviously, certain factors in the market, what we see coming. So we don't -- we will be getting that information coming out end of the year, beginning in next -- sometime beginning of next.
John Pietrowicz: Generally early December.
Terrence Duffy: Early December. Okay. So we got a little time on that one yet, so we're not going to commit to where we're at on that yet. We are still finalizing that process.
Julie Winkler: Yes. so I guess I would just add that the structure we have has been in place since 2012. We've returned over $18.8 billion to shareholders through dividends since that time. We do like the transparency of the approach, and we think it has served us well. But as Terry said, this policy is something we review regularly with our Finance Committee of the Board, and we'll continue to do that going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chris Allen from Citi.
Christopher Allen: Congrats, Mr. Peschier. Hope you put a lot of golf in the future.
John Peschier: I get to play with you, Chris. Thank you.
Christopher Allen: Hopefully, no caddies letting any fires this time. I just wanted to ask about basically getting back to the rates market and revisiting some of the questions already asked. I mean we're seeing consistent headlines on liquidity issues in U.S. treasuries seem to be exacerbated by high volatility levels. And there's a cautious outlook when you talk to players in the Treasury complex and also the swaptions markets, for example, moving forward.  So I'm just trying to reconcile that with -- you're seeing record large open interest holders in rates right now. We see a very good trajectory in rates. So maybe help us understand like how you're thinking about potential liquidity issues and volatility issues in the cash markets and other OTC markets, and how that's impacting you or it's not impacting particularly the Treasury complex on the future side moving forward?
Sean Tully: Yes. Thanks for the question, Chris. A really good one. If you look at the 10-year notes as of a week ago, we had the fastest increase in U.S. 10-year note yields over the previous 12 weeks since 1987. So the level of volatility and the speed with which rates are trading we have not seen in more than 35 years.  Given that, whenever you have much greater volatility, it makes sense for market participants to reduce the -- what they are trading, right, in terms of the size. So in terms of prudent risk management for our customers, there is a tendency to lower the amount of liquidity that they are willing to give at any individual price level. We are seeing through this very high volatility that every price level is typically trading in our markets, even when the markets move quickly.  So overall, I think the markets are operating very well. And something to keep in mind is that as prices move much more quickly, top of book tends to be much smaller, and that is just a natural reaction to how the market works. And again, I would say it's prudent risk management by our customers.
Terrence Duffy: Yes. I would also say this has had to be the most telecast liquidity potential drop that we've ever seen. When you have the Fed raising 0.75% at a clip, and also them talking about bringing down their balance sheet at the exact same time, what people expected liquidity to maybe be a little bit disruptive, but I think they priced, to Sean's point, priced that into their activity. So I think this is different than when we saw in 2018 when they had to step in and to add some liquidity. So I think this has been fairly well-telecasted about what's happening with the liquidity situation and participants have priced it in. So the volatility is going to be there. We know that, and we think we benefit from it.
Christopher Allen: Do you guys think about this as kind of a temporary situation that volatility that you settled down be positive catalysts going forward?
Terrence Duffy: I won't speak for Sean, but when he referenced some of the numbers that could go out for years to come, you're at $31 trillion on the debt and rising. You have a whole host of other issues fundamentally associated with not only with the U.S. but globally. I don't think this is a one and done deal. So this could be around for a while.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington from JPMorgan.
Kenneth Worthington: If we dig into open interest after jumping in February from about 100 million contracts to 110 million, open interest has been stable at about $50 million of Futures OI and about $60 million of Options OI. What is the outlook? Or what is your outlook for open interest over the next 12 months or so? Maybe what asset classes do you think might see the best percentage growth from current levels? And is it ultimately lower volatility that drives a better OI outlook from here? Or might it be something else?
Terrence Duffy: Ken, I think that's no crystal ball here by anybody in the room to make that determination of what it could or could not be. It's just like we cannot predict future volumes. We just don't know. There's so many geopolitical factors, pandemic factors, a whole host of issues that could have a reflection on open interest or not. The trade could go up with open interest going down, the trade could go down with open interest going up. Who knows what the ultimate is going to look like? We do believe that the open interest is a function that we keep a very close watch on. Julie and her team -- Julie Winkler and her team have an internal tool that helps us give guidance to what we think internally the open is going to look like.  But again, it's very, very difficult to make that prediction. And especially on the asset classes. When you look at some of the asset classes, I guess, you would think in fundamentally that the ag should be higher and maybe something else should be lower, or the energy should be higher than something else should be lower. And maybe it's the opposite for that particular time. People do different things at different times, which has a massive reflection on the open interest each and every day. That's, obviously, why we publish it. So people will see the transparency of it. Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yes. I think there's probably a bit of a story there relative to the options, Ken, when you actually look at across every single asset class now on the financial side, it's been a very strong year up across the board. Commodities has struggled on the volume side. When you look at the options versus future side, it's a story you hear us continue to tell. Options continue to perform more strongly than our futures.  Our futures year-to-date across the entire franchise are up 21%, options are up 27%. When you dig into the open interest there, it's even a stronger story, even in asset classes, in commodities where futures volumes are down and open interest is down, you actually see open interest and volumes in options.  For example, when we're seeing Energy Futures open interest down 24%, energy options open interest is up 6%. So every single asset class, almost regardless of the volume trajectory this year, you see an open interest gains. I think that's reflective of more people using options more broadly as a bigger part of their portfolio management tools, and that's why it's important that we provide the deepest most look at electronic markets in every asset class, and we're seeing growth in futures and options.
Terrence Duffy: But just to be careful, don't price in that if the options all lie is higher than the future. That has an effect on the business because the futures and options, open interest can go back and forth for a whole host of reasons, and there's no one particular reason why there'll be more options growth and futures growth or more futures open interest and options open interest. So please be careful not to hold to that number of growth and options open interest because it goes back and forth.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler from Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Eli from Craig's team. Could you discuss the opportunity in front of CME with the mortgage TBA futures? It's definitely a large addressable market, but could you maybe elaborate on the deficiencies that the existing system for hedging? And then maybe discuss how this new product could potentially address those?
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Eli. Yes, I'll let Sean go ahead and address that market.
Sean Tully: Yes. We're -- as you know, we continuously innovate and continuously launch new products that we see client demand for. In terms of our TBA futures, we are launching them on November 7. And the unique value proposition that we offer here is a distribution to our client set. So many of CME Group's clients do not have access to the TBA market today, and they want to be able to trade the TBA market. So this will allow us to use our distribution channel to have a much wider audience, have access to the marketplace than has liquid access to it today.  In addition to that, as with any new rates product that we add to our platform, this will offer a unique portfolio margin or margin offset opportunity. So you'll be able to trade the TBA futures at a spread to our Treasury Futures. If you look in the cash market, TBAs versus cash Treasuries is a very common trade. So the ability to trade the TBA futures versus CME's very liquid Treasury Futures, number one.  And then secondly, the ability -- so a wider audience, ability to trade those spreads last the portfolio margining that they can get between the treasury futures and the TBAs are all unique value propositions. I don't know. I'm not going to predict. I think new product launches are very difficult to predict. So I will not predict the impact. In addition to that, though, a couple of other things I would mention as long as you brought it up. We are also launching on October 31 ESTR futures.  So ESTR is the European short-term rate. It is the European equivalent of SOFR. There is no significantly successful ESTR future on the market. If you look at the foreign exchange cross-currency swap market today, it is being quoted as a spread between SOFR and ESTR. So we are very excited, and we're seeing a lot of demand for ESTR futures.  We're very excited about how participants then can use our ESTR features that are spread to our SOFR futures in order to manage their short-term interest rate risk, both in the U.S. and Europe as well as their cross-currency business. In addition to that, we're seeing very strong demand, as I said earlier, out of our repo business. So ESTR rates are used heavily in European repo. We're seeing an all-time record year in European repo. We're also seeing demand for our -- from our European repo participants.  Last thing I will mention is in terms of portfolio margining. We will be launching in December of this year, portfolio margining between SOFR options and interest rate swaps and also Treasury options and interest rate swaps for the first time. We're very excited that in the month of September, we offered market participants a new all-time record in terms of efficiencies of $8.4 billion a day on average. And as you can see, we're continuously enhancing that offering, as we -- as I just said in December. So I hope that helps to answer the question.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Eli, for your question. John, thank you. Julie, do we have another question?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Simon Clinch from Atlantic Equities.
Simon Clinch: And I'll just say congrats to you, John, cheers as well for retiring. Way too young so I'm great jealous. So my question actually is just on the Treasury market, the cash treasuries market. I've been reading about the prospects of the market moving to all-to-all trading. And I was just wondering how CME's BrokerTec is positioned for any kind of transition like that? And sort of what the implications are generally speaking for you?
Terrence Duffy: Sean, it's your day.
Sean Tully: Thank you very much for the question. Clearly, Mr. has set out several new proposals in terms of the U.S. Treasury market, including requirements for certain hedge funds and proprietary trading firms to become broker-dealers, for treasury platforms to become full reg ETS-compliant. And most recently, or significant increases in the requirements to clear U.S. Treasuries.  Many are talking about this as being very similar to the requirements to clear U.S. swaps now almost a decade ago. So we navigated that at CME Group, I think, very successfully with -- and when we used it in order to build our OTC swap clearing business, and we use it to build unique efficiencies that could not be offered by anyone else, as I mentioned earlier, in the portfolio margin between swaps and futures.  And so we will navigate this similarly. We are all over it. We are in close contact with our customers. We are closely watching the developments in the proposed regulations. And we will adjust our products and services in order to ensure that we provide everything that our clients need in that type of environment.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Andrew Bond from Rosenblatt Securities.
Andrew Bond: Just wanted to follow up on the open interest question, particularly in energy. I just want to see if you could discuss some of the dynamics driving the natural gas market currently. Over the past few years, we've seen the emergence of TTF as kind of more of a global benchmark as natural gas move from originally to a globally priced commodity. And we've seen some of the shift back to the U.S. in the dislocation in Europe and Russia, but CME open interest has remained relatively low. So can you kind of discuss the Henry Hub benchmark? Do you think it's become somewhat dislocated relative to the international gas market? Or are there other dynamics that are driving this market?
Derek Sammann: Yes. Great question. I appreciate that. You've heard us talk about the prominence that physical benchmarks play in global energy markets, WTI and Henry Hub specifically. When you look at the global trends in the energy markets right now, the U.S. is now the largest producer and exporter of natural gas and that LNG shipment is now becoming more important than ever before, rather than pipeline gas coming into Europe, from what used to be Russia.  TTF is under pressure to be redefined into something different than pipeline gas because that simply has been cut off. There's both opportunity and threat in that situation. Certainly, the TTF market is trying to figure out what that input is going to be. Right now, we have actually just about 3 weeks ago, launched a new contract to specifically address what is a gap in the European natural gas market to specifically go into a European LNG contract, which is an import contract based in Northern Europe. So as TTF no longer can rely on pipeline gas coming in from Russia, we worked with Platts as a price assessment agent to launch a futures contract that is European LNG, that we think is probably the best opportunity for the market to adopt as LNG is going to be that import source of gas for Europe.  Taking a step back and look at the long-term picture. Given the lowest-priced gas in the world is coming from the U.S. or a record export levels. And if you look -- as I mentioned at the top of the call, the pipeline for LNG liquefaction facilities coming out of the U.S. over the next 10 years. Natural gas is a transition fuel, but it's also the energy fuel of the future itself, not just the transition, Henry Hub is the price marker for LNG cargoes coming out of the U.S. Increasingly, that is becoming the source of fuel for Asia and Europe.  So Henry Hub is at the pivotal center of the natural gas market, we think, is a physical marker where LNG cargo shipments are priced off Henry Hub, that further positions and strengthens Henry Hub as the central price marker globally for both Europe and Asia. So we like the position. We like the structural growth of physical benchmarks with the U.S. being the leader of the export of these markets. And we think that the long-term prospects for Henry Hub and our market particularly are very well-placed for long-term strength there.
Operator: And as for our last question, we have Rich Repetto from Piper Sandler on the line.
Richard Repetto: Since it was already brought up early, I do want to point out a floor and John Peschier's service, and that's his golf game was very suspect over the 20 years. But anyway, leave it at that. Well, you have more time to work on it, like Chris said. I do have a serious question though. So it's been mentioned a number of times about cross-margining and margining efficiencies. And I know, Terry, you've been working on it, and there's been -- I think there's a leadership change going on at DTCC. So I guess, what is the potential to get increased cross margining efficiencies in the Treasury complex with DTCC? And is that something that could come on board and it just immediately releases capital and is a benefit to clients?
Terrence Duffy: Yes. Rich, let me make a couple of comments about that on the timing, and then I'll let Sunil who, obviously, has been living and breathing this for several years when in his former life in the clearing entity, working with DTCC and the regulators. We are at a point now where I believe, sometime early next month, we'll be doing the final filings along with -- to the government agencies to submit into the SEC for approval on the cross margining.  And then hopefully, sometime thereafter when the clock is up or in between that, we will get it. I think we -- it's been a long process in achieving -- to try to achieve these efficiencies. So we feel confident that we're going to get them. And hopefully, we're at the -- in the ninth inning of getting approval on this. But again, I don't want to overpromise and under deliver on that. But I do -- that is the time line right now. I've been head to head of DTCC here in Chicago, the new President of it, 2 weeks ago. We had a good meeting. I've talked to the SEC. I've talked to others. I think we're in a very strong position to get this done. But let me ask Sunil to give comments as it relates to the offsets for the clients.
Sunil Cutinho: Rich, the -- I'll spend a brief moment on offsets. We've done cross margining with several paring houses. We do that with DTCC today as well. The effort we're going through right now is to improve the margin and portfolio benefits. In terms of actual offset, it's a function of one's portfolio. So if it is duration-matched and it's a basis right, then the offsets tend to be very high. But if it is of a different nature, then the offsets are a function of that risk profile. So it's very hard to actually come and give an exact offset number, and it's a very portfolio dependent.  Having said that, the idea here is to give clients who trade both futures and cash products, the most capital-efficient solutions so they can carry their portfolios through time. So that's our objective, and I think we are on our way to actually deliver that.
Operator: As there are no further questions, I'll hand the floor back to management for closing remarks.
Terrence Duffy: Well, again, well, thanks, John Peschier again. But thank you all for participating in today's call. We appreciate you taking time to listen to us, and we look forward to talking to you soon. Be well.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the CME Group Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead.
John Peschier: Thank you and good morning everyone. I hope you're all doing well. I'm going to start with the Safe Harbor language. Then I'll turn it over to Terry and John for brief remarks followed by your questions. Other members of our management team will also participate in the Q&A session. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Lastly, on the final page of the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I will turn the call over to Terry.
Terry Duffy: Thanks John and thank you all for joining us this morning. We released our executive commentary earlier today as John said, which provided extensive details on the second quarter of 2022. I have John, Lynne, Sean, Derek, Sunil, and Julie Winkler on the call with me this morning. I will start and then John will provide some comments before we open up the call to your questions. Trading activity during the second quarter increased 25% to an average daily volume of 23 million contracts per day. This strong growth was driven primarily by the financial asset classes with the second highest quarterly ADV on record for the -- our equity index products, which were up 57% year-over-year and included record Micro E-mini S&P 500 futures ADV of 1.4 million contracts. In addition, both interest rates and FX daily volumes increased 24% compared with the second quarter last year. Total options average daily volume increased 23% compared with Q2 last year to 3.9 million contracts, driven in part by 92% growth in equity index options. Record E-mini NASDAQ 100 options average daily volume grew 136%, and E-mini S&P 500 options ADV was the second highest quarterly ADV on record at 1.1 million contracts. Furthermore, options activity outside the US was also robust with non-US options ADV in metals growing 60% year-over-year. Equity index, up 44%; and energy was up 28%. In Q2, total non-US average daily volume grew 21% to 6.3 million contracts, also driven by the financial product lines we saw, 15% growth in Europe, 36% growth in Asia, and 40% growth in Latin America. Turning to our ongoing focus on industry's LIBOR to SOFR transition. CME SOFR's futures reached record quarterly ADV of 1.6 million contracts and record open interest on June 30th of 6.4 million contracts. During the quarter, SOFR futures ADV represents 99% of Eurodollar futures. In addition, trading and SOFR options skyrocketed in June with a record number of participants. Our market-wide fee waiver was instrumental in moving this critical liquidity into the SOFR options market. SOFR options ADV represented 46% of Eurodollar options activity for the month of June, having also reached a weekly high of 68% and a daily high of 111% of Eurodollar options activity during the month. In terms of new products, customer demand and the ever apparent need for risk management across our global products continues to lead in new product launch opportunities. During the quarter, we continued to build out our micro size contract suite with the launches of Micro Copper futures as well as options on the popular Micro West Texas Intermediate crude oil futures. Within our ESG-focused portfolio, we announced the upcoming launch of two additional voluntary carbon emission offset contracts, adding to a suite of products that are already meeting a significant market need today. A record 90-plus number of participants having traded one of the existing carbon emission offset products since launch. Other 2Q product launches include the Canadian wheat futures as well as options in our physically delivered aluminum. Additionally, we announced our plans to launch the first-ever TBA futures for the mortgage-backed securities market as well as event contracts later this year. I mentioned at the time of Google's $1 billion investment in CME Group that we would look for opportunities to use this capital to grow our business. During the quarter, we invested approximately $410 million in our S&P Dow Jones Indices joint venture. This funded our portion of the acquisition of the IHS Markit Indices business, which included leading fixed income indices such as iBoxx, iTraxx and CDX. The shift from active investing to indexing was growing in 2012 when we launched the joint venture, and that momentum has only continued to strengthen since that time. Our portion of the earnings from the index joint venture have more than tripled from the $75 million earned in the full year of 2013, which was the first year post formation. Looking ahead, with the addition of the IHS Markit fixed income and credit indices, the joint venture is well-positioned to continue to innovate and grow across an even wider set of products and services that will service investors all over the world. As we described last quarter, several macroeconomic factors continue to contribute to an extremely complex market landscape, and the importance of risk management is accelerating. Our team continues to execute on our strategic priorities to empower market participants worldwide to manage risk and capture opportunities. Look forward to answering your questions. With that, let me turn it over to John to provide some financial highlights.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Terry. During the second quarter, CME generated approximately $1.24 billion in revenue, up more than 5% versus Q2 last year, driven by a 25% increase in futures trading activity. Our revenue was up over 11% when adjusting for the impacts of the formation of OSTTRA, our post-trade joint venture with S&P Global that we formed in the fourth quarter of last year. Market data revenue was again a record during the quarter, up 4% compared to a year ago to $152 million. We continue to see a strong need for our globally relevant product set and our risk management expertise. Expenses were very carefully managed and on an adjusted basis were $442 million for the quarter and $359 million excluding license fees. We continue to progress with our Google partnership, we are tracking to our internal objectives and are well-underway to building the foundation for our move to the cloud. Year-to-date, we spent approximately $14 million in cash costs towards that effort. CME had an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.3%, which resulted in an adjusted net income of $717 million, up over 22% from the second quarter last year and an adjusted EPS attributable to common shareholders of $1.97. For the first half of the year, CME had an adjusted EPS of $4.08, making the first half of 2022 the best six-month results in CME history. Capital expenditures for the second quarter were approximately $21 million. CME paid out just over $1.9 billion of dividends so far this year, and cash at the end of the quarter was approximately $2 billion. In summary, the team at CME Group continues to execute across the business, delivering to our clients valuable risk management tools in this time of growing uncertainty. Please refer to the last page of our executive commentary for additional financial highlights and details. With that short summary, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Based on the number of analysts covering us, please limit yourself to one question, then feel free to jump back into the queue. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll go ahead and take our first question from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Rich Repetto: Good morning Terry, good morning John. So Terry, you highlighted the investment in the S&P Dow Jones Index JV and the use of cash to keep to 27% and how the volumes have, I think you said, tripled or so since the initiation of the JV?
Terry Duffy: The revenue tripled.
Rich Repetto: Yes, the revenue has tripled. So, I guess trying to understand just a little bit more of the numbers behind the investment. So it kept you at the 27%. And maybe just a little bit of the analysis, John, around the numbers because, I guess, the balance would be that cash going to the annual variable dividend.
Terry Duffy: Rich, thank you. And it's an extremely strategic investment. As I pointed out in my prepared remarks, this has been an exceptional investment for CME with this partnership with Dow Jones. So, we are very happy to be able to extend it into these other product lines. I'm going to ask Lynne Fitzpatrick to give you a little bit of comment on the details of the transaction economically.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Sure. Thanks, Terry. During the quarter, we invested $410 million, as you noted, into our S&P Dow Jones Indices joint venture. This did fund the purchase of the IHS Markit Indices business. That includes leading fixed income and credit indices like the iBoxx global cash bond indices and the CDX and iTraxx credit default swap indices. We are excited about the strategic benefit of offering multi-asset class products and further diversifying the joint venture scope. A little more color on the earnings since you asked that question. The earnings of the joint venture have grown at a 14% compound annual growth rate since the first full year in 2013. So, we're pleased to continue investing in this growth business using a portion of the proceeds we received from Google's share purchase. I'd say that given the overall scale of the joint venture, we expect the near-term impact on earnings from this purchase to be relatively small. As you noted, that $410 million does go towards the purchase, and it does keep our ownership stake at 27%.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. One other point, Rich. As -- when we did the -- we got the investment from Google, we had indicated that we were going to use that -- those funds to invest in the business and that at the time, we didn't anticipate including that as part of the annual variable dividend calculation.
Rich Repetto: Right. Thanks for that Clarification. Great. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks Rich.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Rich.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and move on to our next question from Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Yes, hey good morning everyone. Just a couple of questions on the balance sheet or rather the margin deposits at the Fed. So, a long list of numbers. Hopefully, you can give them to me. Clearly, balances came down quarter-over-quarter as expected. From the data that we track, it seems like those are down another, I don't know, 13%-plus. So, maybe you can just give us an update where we stand today if I'm right there. And then in terms of the basis points that you're generating, obviously, that was up in the second quarter. I think you're doing 25 basis points in the third quarter. So, maybe give us a little update where we are. And then obviously, given that it's Fed day, if we get 75 basis points today, what would be a good assumption to use in terms of your kind of net take on -- if that hike materializes? I think that should be all of them, but if there's more, please give me more.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Alex. We will be very clear with you on this. John, why don't you go ahead and start?
John Pietrowicz: Yes, I'll do my best to be clear, Alex. So, yes, let me walk through some of the numbers. There's quite a number of things to talk about. So, there's two components that we earn on in terms of collateral put up at the clearinghouse. One is the cash collateral that's put up, and then we also have non-cash collateral that we earn on as well. So, looking at Q2, we had average cash balances of $145 billion in terms of cash with ending balance of $136.4 billion at the end of Q2. Through the first part of July -- through July 25th, our average balances on the cash side were $118.8 billion, and the ending balance was $113.3 billion. So, we earned approximately 20 basis points on the cash balances for the quarter. So that $72.2 million, that is up from seven basis points in the first quarter, where we earned about $25.3 million. So, that is on the cash balance side. On the non-cash, we earn five basis points and that's recorded in other revenues. When you look at the sequential increase in other revenue, you see we're up approximately $4 million. The main driver of that is the increase in non-cash collateral put up at the clearinghouse. So, looking at the non-cash collateral, we had $59.2 billion that we earned five basis points on in Q1, that increased to approximately $81 billion average cash balance in Q2. The ending -- non-cash, sorry the non-cash balance in Q2. The ending non-cash balance where we earned fees on those -- on the non-cash collateral that's put up at the clearinghouse was $86 billion at the end of Q2. And the average non-cash collateral through the month of July, through July 25 was $95 billion, and the ending balance at the end of July 25th was $103 billion. So, basically, what you've seen is a shift from cash collateral to non-cash collateral. We're earning now 25 basis points. The Fed made a move in June, where they increased it to 165 basis points. We are rebating 140 basis points back to our clients and keeping 25 basis points. That is through the -- that is in June. Beginning in July for non-cash collateral, we'll be earning seven basis points. So, they'll be increasing from five basis points of earning today to seven basis points in -- beginning in July, and that's recorded in other revenue. Is that good, Alex?
Alex Kramm: That was more than I asked for. The one thing that you missed, of course, was the -- what's going to happen today? I mean, do we have to wait until you disclose it maybe tomorrow? Or can you give us a little flavor on it?
Terry Duffy: Terry Duffy. We're not going to prejudge what the Fed may or may not do. I mean, the assumptions are all what they are so we can kind of assume that. Listen, we're competing to make sure that we have a good balance of cash and other securities in our clearinghouse for risk management. And that is truly what's most important to us, and we will continue to do so. We will remain competitive. We understand there's other investments that people can put their money into and deliver as collateral against their position. So, we want to make sure we have a good balance. So, we're going to be very prudent about it.
Alex Kramm: Sounds good. I'll hop back in the queue. Thank you guys.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Alex.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to follow-up or discuss expenses and kind of the outlook. You have -- the guidance implies a second half pickup. You kind of gave us what you've spent so far on the Google with $14 million. But maybe just talk in general about where the levels of spend in the second half are going to ramp and how conservative is the outlook is at this point?
John Pietrowicz: Thanks for the question, Dan. This is John. Yes, you are correct. We didn't adjust our guidance. We're comfortable with our guidance at this point. As you guys know, the entire team at CME Group is very focused on ensuring we're spending in the most efficient manner possible. When we did give our expense guidance excluding license fees of $1.45 billion, we had planned for a heavier second half of the year, anticipating an improving business environment. And also, historically, CME's had a higher level of expense in the back half of the year related to in-person events. You haven't seen that recently, obviously, because of the synergies we were capturing from the next acquisition. So, to give you some color as to where I'm seeing those costs increase second half versus first half, a little over 40% of the increase compared to the first half of the year is related to customer-facing activities. That includes increases in travel, marketing, advertising, and in-person events. We have seen an increase in in-person customer sales activity, especially in the US and in Europe. And we're very focused on growing the business. A little over another 40% is primarily technology-related, including professional services for staff augmentation and project work, higher technology costs than the first half of the year and depreciation as we've migrated EBS to Globex, and certain systems have now been put into service and will be depreciated. The balance of the increase is related to the impacts of the salary treatment that was -- that occurred in March and in September and additional customer-facing resources. So, our spend -- and also, as you mentioned, our spend on the migration to the cloud, as we indicated, would be in the $25 million to $30 million range, and we're on track for that. So, we had anticipated a pickup in the back half of the year and it's going as we had planned.
Dan Fannon: Understood. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: All right. Thanks Dan.
Terry Duffy: We're ready for another question. Somebody would like to ask one.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning folks. Can you hear me okay?
Terry Duffy: Yes, Brian.
Brian Bedell: Okay, great. My question will be on the SOFR LIBOR transition if you want to just elaborate a little bit more on that, really around the -- first of all, the take-up in SOFR has been obviously pretty strong. In the near term, I guess your expectation for volumes to be elevated as clients switch, do that migration from SOFR to LIBOR, maybe the -- how long do you think that might last for? And then after the fee waivers are dropped on the SOFR contracts, do you expect this to be revenue neutral, this transition rather to be revenue neutral or dilutive to revenue or conversely accretive to revenue over the long-term?
Terry Duffy: Brian, thank you. A lot to unpack there, a lot to talk about in this transition. I'm going to let Sean make some comments on it, but I also want to talk a little bit about the strategic nature, and I'll let him start. Go ahead, Sean.
Sean Tully: Yes, hi Brian, thanks very much for the question. This is Sean. I think we're very pleased with the progress that we've made so far, and it is along the lines of our plans. In terms of SOFR futures, they are currently trading around 134% of Eurodollar futures during the month of July. So, for options, we're now trading 74% of Eurodollar options during the month of July. If you look at our overall STIRs complex with the Federal Reserve being very active in monetary policy and with every FOMC meeting at play in terms of what they might do, we're very excited and pleased with the growth that we've seen on the entire short-end complex. If you look at our short-term interest rate futures in the first half, they were up 48% year-over-year. If you look at our short-term interest rate options, they are up 20 -- year-to-date, they're up 26% year-over-year. So, very strong growth overall. So, very strong growth in the entire complex, but also in the SOFR futures and the SOFR options with the increased adoption. In terms of the RPCs, we have had significant incentives in place for both the SOFR futures adoption as well as the SOFR options adoption. In terms of the SOFR futures adoption, we are further along in that process relative to the -- as I mentioned, the 134%, so SOFR futures being 134% of Eurodollar futures. So, we are pleased that the RPC there is headed in the right direction. And the goal for both the SOFR futures and the SOFR options is for their RPC to equal what we have had historically for Eurodollar futures and Eurodollar options so that it's irrelevant to us and to our investors as to which product customers trade. We are not there yet. That is our strategy. That's what we've been saying that we intend to do, and that is what we intend to do. Last thing I might mention is if you look at where we are placed today relative to SOFR, it's an extremely strong position relative to our term SOFR rates. In terms of CME term SOFR, we have now licensed CME term SOFR to 1, 300 different firms across 74 different countries. And it's being used in more than $1.6 trillion worth of cash market products across the globe. So, those are the 1,300 new licensors, right, whose interest rates that they're using for borrowing are based upon our futures contracts. So, we feel very positive about strategically where we are, both in terms of the adoption of the SOFR futures and options. We're very pleased with the adoption of term SOFR. And we are on track relative to meeting investors' needs to getting those RPCs up at the same level sometime in the not-too-distant future. John?
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thanks. Just a quick point. In our license fee line this quarter, we have 3 -- between $3 million and $3.5 million of costs associated with the SOFR first for options initiative. We plan on $3 million to $3.5 million per month in additional costs that are in that license fee and other fee arrangement line for the next two months, that will be July and August, where we plan to conclude the SOFR first for options initiative. It's definitely highly successful, as Sean has indicated, and certainly pleased with the outcome of our transition off of the LIBOR-based benchmark.
Terry Duffy: And the other thing I was going to say, Brian, we talked about this transition a year or so ago what was it going to look like from a competitive standpoint. And I think we've done a lot of really smart things here in order to give you the numbers that Sean and I have reflected on just a moment ago. So, when you look at the incentive program that we put into place this summer and doing it a year ahead of time before the expiration of LIBOR, we achieved many things. One, we were able to transition most of it into the LIBOR futures and -- or SOFR futures and options market, which is critically important. But we also did something else that we said we would do a year ago. We thought we would benefit by both Eurodollar trading and SOFR futures trading, and that's exactly what's happening. So strategically, I think our timing was very good on this. And our fee waiver program did exactly what we anticipated it doing, and we look to be ahead of the transition versus July of 2023.
Brian Bedell: Thats a lot of great color. Thanks so much for the comprehensive answer.
Terry Duffy: Thanks Brian.
Operator: We'll go ahead and move on to our next question from Gautam Sawant with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Gautam Sawant: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Can you please help us size how much international ADV is coming from existing international clients doing more trading versus maybe new international clients that have been onboarded in the last year or so? And do you see incremental opportunities to launch new products in those local markets? I know you talked about the Canada products, but maybe in Asia or Europe?
Terry Duffy: It's a great question. I'm going to let Derek Sammann, who runs the international for us, and Julie Winkler to answer that question, Derek, why don't you start?
Derek Sammann: Yes, Gautam, I appreciate the question. As you heard from Terry's comments at the top of the call, we are continuing to go from strength to strength in our non-US business. At 6.3 million contracts, our non-U.S. ADV was our best second quarter on record, and we have now put up our best first half on record of 6.8 million ADV for the first half of this year. That's up 20%. As you rightly point out, we are both scaling and leveraging our existing customers, cross-selling them into additional products, but we're also bringing net new customers into our business. A little color on the regional growth, and then I'll talk to the client side of this. When you look at the strong growth of the business, we've actually seen our bank business up 31%, our retail business up 43%, and our proper market-making business up 15%. So, that should show you the participation in the retail side is particularly strong and important to us. That ties back to our new product development. You've seen the success that we put up in our micro contract products we continue to roll out. Terry mentioned at the top of the call both our Micro WTI crude oil options as well as our Micro WTI futures contract launched last year. We launched a Micro Copper contract this year. When you look at the makeup of the participation there, on the Micro side, we're seeing those are net -- about half of the Micro WTI options customers have never traded another option contract at CME Group before. Same thing on the future side, about a third of our incremental new customers in Micro WTI have never traded a CME contract before. So, this is both scaling and broadening our distribution partner relationships as well as net bringing new customers into CME Group, which then becomes a cross-sell and upsell opportunity for us over time. So, we're very pleased with the non-US growth. It's a big part of our growth story, continues to be both a source of net new client acquisition and cross-selling. And Julie Winkler can probably talk a little bit about the success we've had there and the framework we have in place for upselling, cross-selling customers we can bring in.
Terry Duffy: Julie?
Julie Winkler: I think adding to what Derek mentioned, the power of our international model is really that we have regional client-facing resources around the globe to work with our local customers identify those product opportunities that you mentioned. So, obviously, Micros is something that we find has a lot of international appeal as Derek just pointed out. But if you also just look into some of the trends going on in Europe, right, our customers are moving into Paris. And that is definitely emerging as a main destination for both banks and buy-side clients. And then you go down to Australia, I mean, you look at what we're seeing is strong growth from buy-side clients out of Australia. And the fact that we have those teams there locally are becoming very well-versed in what those client needs are and are doing that direct step [ph] into what is most relevant given our current product portfolio and then also identifying those new product opportunities. So, if we look back into Q2 launches, right, options on European HRC, the Canadian western wheat, as you pointed out, and also a lot of interest, I would say, particularly in Europe and Asia for those voluntary carbon products that we talked about. And that is really helping to drive both the adoption of those products as well as innovate the new products that will be coming in the second half of this year. So, I think it again speaks to the investment that we're making from an international resource perspective. And we're seeing growth in areas that we expect to continue in the second half of the year. So, it's been a great opportunity as well throughout the summer to meet with our clients in person, and those numbers are up about 377% over where we were in Q2 of 2021. So, those in-person meetings, I think, are helping to improve our insights on what those client needs are.
Terry Duffy: Let me just make a quick point for you also. On new contracts, we don't need to list them in certain areas in order for the rest of the world not to participate. We list them so everybody can participate. We just might dedicate more resources to what Julie said to that particular region where that product seems to be more apt to be participated in. But again, there's a lot of products that have been launched in different parts of the world that become quite successful in other parts of the world. So, I don't want you to think that we have to list Canadian wheat futures for only Canadian participants. That's not the case as an example. So, we -- more to what Julie said, dedicating our resources, the people in those areas to grow those products. Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yes. I think just a little bit additional color in terms of where we're actually seeing some of the participant growth. We're not seeing our international growth coming only from our biggest financial center. So, for example, our fastest-growing country over the course of this year year-to-date was our Brazil business up 96%. This is a top 10 country for us that's moving up the country table. Our second fastest growth came out of India; third, United Arab Emirates. We're seeing a lot of Gulf business continue to grow. South Korea and Taiwan, all of these countries are growing between 50% and 90%. So, these are countries all in our top 10. So, I think it speaks to the breadth and the scale of our product set. Customers want to trade benchmark products that are lit on screen 24/7. Those are the markets that customers are drawn to. That's why they're kind of the benchmark market to CME Group, and the investments in our technology to reach those customers across the globe are driving that business.
Terry Duffy: Thank you for your questions.
Gautam Sawant: Thank you. Very comprehensive answers.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and move on to our next question from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alex Blostein: Hey guys. good morning everybody. thanks for the question. I was hoping we could dig into some of the legacy NEX group businesses, BrokerTec and EBS. It feels like the revenue trends have been there fairly range-bound over the last couple of quarters despite what's been obviously a pretty constructive macro backdrop for that product set. So, maybe just a little color on kind of what's going on underneath the surface and what you guys are working on to reinvigorate growth in these businesses.
Terry Duffy: Well, let's break this down in two segments with the legacy NEX businesses because we have the optimization businesses and the trading business. So I'd like to ask Sean to talk a little bit about the BrokerTec/EBS. And then maybe Julie and John and others can talk about the transition we did with IHS and originally, that went into our JV.
Sean Tully: Yes. So, thank you, Terry, and thank you, Alex, for the question. If you look at our plans relative to the acquisition, step one was to migrate the BrokerTec business over to Globex. Step two was to migrate EBS over to Globex. And both of those are now completed. So last year, we moved BrokerTec over to Globex. This year, we just recently moved in May EBS over to Globex. If you look at BrokerTec, since we are further along in the process, we are starting to see some of the benefits of the move to Globex. In that regard, if you look at BrokerTec US treasuries, volumes are up 14% year-over-year. If you look at BrokerTec US repo is up 25% year-over-year. If you look at BrokerTec's EU repo is up 14% year-over-year. Where is this growth coming from? The initiatives that you've heard us talk about previously. First, cross-selling. We are seeing about $4.5 billion worth of US treasury volume on BrokerTec this year from new customers that have never traded on BrokerTec before that have traditionally been US treasury futures customers that are now trading both sets of products. We have a pipeline of additional new clients that is a couple of times at large that we do hope to get started trading on BrokerTec in the coming months. In addition to that, the RV trading opportunity, RV trading order type that we instituted relative to curve trading that you've heard me talk about before relative to the efficiencies that offers our customers, it achieved 2.4 billion worth of volumes in the second quarter, an all-time record. It has achieved a number of days around the $5 billion mark, and that continues to grow. So, in terms of the delivering new innovations to the clients relative to having been on Globex and the cross-selling, we are starting to see some traction on the BrokerTec side. On the EBS side, we are looking as we are now post that transition to Globex to make enhancements to the systems and to continue to invest in the systems and to continue to improve the market microstructure. But these things do take time.
John Pietrowicz: So, in terms of the joint venture that we created HIS Markit and now with S&P Global, we really think that this is from a strategic perspective positioning ourselves and that business well to serve our clients. One of the things that you've heard Terry and others talk about is developing efficiencies for the client. And the combination with IHS Markit's MarkitSERV business, along with our optimization businesses, will create that efficiency from an operational perspective for our clients. The strategy has been laid out. We've got the management team in place, and we are starting the integration process with -- between the optimization businesses that we contributed into the joint venture and the MarkitSERV business. And you're seeing some of that play through in our earnings as you can see in our financial statements, they're up $2 million sequentially from Q1 to Q2. So, we think that we've created what's going to be a tremendous amount of value, most importantly for our clients. We are going to be creating value for our shareholders by creating the joint venture through the efficiencies that we're going to be generating by combining those businesses. And most importantly, we're positioning that business strategically to be the leader in the post-trade processing space, which in this time of uncertainty, in this time of cost management, we think, is going to be very attractive for our clients.
Terry Duffy: And Alex, I think you suggested that the revenue on the BrokerTec has been a little stagnant during the fundamental times that we're living in right now and what is our response to that. I think Sean gave you a good response. But John referenced something else that I like to talk about -- a lot about, which is efficiencies. And we're hopefully at the final end game here of creating the efficiency as it relates to margin offsets with our futures products. We have -- DTCC has finalized all of their applications to the SEC. We are doing joint webinars together to point out the benefits of the offsets between futures and BrokerTec. So, we're hopeful that once the SEC approves this, they have, I believe, a 60-day window once the business -- the apps have been presented to them, which they are now are that we will achieve much higher benefits for our clients. So, that's one of the strategic benefits that we saw from the beginning of this transaction where those margin offsets and efficiencies. And we do believe that, that is exactly where the point we're at in the next quarter or two as we get approval from the SEC. So that's something we're shooting for as well.
Alex Blostein: Right. Thats great. Thanks very much.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Alex.
Operator: And we'll move on to our next question from Mike Cyprys with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Mike Cyprys: Hey good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. I just wanted to ask more broadly an industry question, bigger picture, just on the shift from OTC to exchange-traded products. Just curious where you think we are in that journey. What's left at this point that's still OTC? How would you sort of size that TAM? How do you think about trying to penetrate whatever is left at this point? What could make the most sense versus what makes less sense there?
Terry Duffy: Sean?
Sean Tully: We're continuously focused, as Terry has mentioned, on providing new efficiencies to our customers. We're very excited. Actually, while it was several years ago that we began offering portfolio margin between cleared interest rate swaps at CME Group and our interest rate futures that we had an all-time record in the second quarter of $7.2 billion in savings to our customers. So, I think that, that transition may continue. But the most important thing for us is to provide the efficiencies for the customers that bridges now all three marketplaces. So, the OTC derivatives markets, the cash treasury markets, the cash foreign exchange market and all of our listed futures and options. I think honestly that we're very early in the process relative to the benefits that we can offer the community across all of those different modalities of taking risk. In particular, I've talked a lot before about our analytics. And we do have a great set of analytics, EBS Quant Analytics in particular, customers find extremely useful in terms of optimizing their foreign exchange trading. We do expect to enhance that technology to include our futures. It still does not. And then to use that technology likewise across all of our fixed income products. So, we -- in terms of CME Group and the value that we're going to add to our clients, I would say there's still an awful lot in front of us to doing that to make all of those marketplaces more efficient.
Terry Duffy: Michael, let me just add to what Sean said. It is important to remember that we do get directly benefit by the growth even of the over-the-counter business because of the risk offsets they use in our marketplaces. So, even if they grow, don't think that, that's a bad thing for us because we do get those risk offset. So, I'd like to think of, yes, we create efficiencies through the clearing mechanisms and things of that nature, as Sean pointed out, and the margin certain institutions that are going to do bilateral transactions, and they'll do them forever. But we want to make sure that we continue to get the offsets and create the efficiencies that Sean laid out. So it's not actually a terrible thing for us either.
Mike Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Owen Lau: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. Could you please add more color on some of the initiatives for your market data in this rising rate and volatile environment? I think CME benefited on the trading side. But on the data side, is there any product or geographic area that CME can penetrate and expand further into? And then along that line, can you please give us an update on your cloud migration. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Julie?
Julie Winkler: Yes. Thank you for the question. I'll answer the market data question and then turn it to Sunil for the Google response. So, to-date, right, our market data business is, for sure, an international business. And this was a record quarter of $152 million in revenue, up 4%. We're seeing that in two different areas. I mean, one, we have a very robust and diverse product pipeline and our clients need and want access to that real-time market data. We saw a net increase in subscriber counts for that data in this quarter and also continuing to see strong interest in our derived data. And so that is where our products and prices are being used as input into other structured products and ETFs and things of that nature. And I'd say that has continued to grow internationally as well as domestically. And that is part of what we continue to be focused on within that market data business. I think I'll relate back to the comments that Sean made earlier. I think one of the great things that are -- is sitting on the horizon, and we're continuing to work towards is when we have new benchmarks as we do with the term SOFR rate. This is representing a great global opportunity for us as our team goes out and continues to license entities really across the globe. And this is a diverse set of participants, many of which are completely net new to CME. And so we're using data as an opportunity to introduce ourselves to get them licensed up for the term SOFR rate. And then that will be a process that our sales organization will continue to work through in converting them and cross-selling them into other products and services here at CME Group. So, a great global opportunity there. And I'd say we're continuing to work with other partners. So, we announced our partnership with Deutsche Brse and the A7 platform, where we're looking to find other means and other channels to distribute our market data from a historical standpoint. And in Q2, we launched other things like our third-party crypto quant data set on data mine. So, looking at it both from a product and channel opportunity and where we can use market data to cross-sell would be kind of where we see growth going forward. And then I'll turn it over to Sunil to talk--
Terry Duffy: Give a little update on the cloud, please.
Sunil Cutinho: Thank you, Terry. So, on the cloud migration, we are on track to deliver foundational services towards the end of this year. The three services we have talked about, first one is margin calculation services. We call it the margin calculator. The other is a product dictionary that gives clients the ability to actually trade our products, look up and trade our products very easily. And then the third aspect of it is market data on the cloud, on a GCP platform. We are on track to deliver all the 3 of these services towards the end of this year as well.
Owen Lau: Got it. Thank you very much.
Terry Duffy: Yes, Lynne is going to give you just a little bit of color around the financials.
Lynne Fitzpatrick: Yes. Just to speak to the expenses related to the migration. In the quarter, we saw $8 million related to the migration, bringing the year-to-date total to approximately $14 million. Majority of the spend you'll find within professional fees and outside services. We do remain on track for our annual guidance of $25 million to $30 million related to the migration expense.
Owen Lau: Okay. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kyle Voigt with KBW. Please go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good morning. So, earlier in the call, you touched on retail a bit from an international perspective. But more broadly speaking, I was wondering if you could update on how much of your total transaction revenue is being driven by retail today and how that's trended over time? And then could you maybe talk about the event contract announcement and where you think the introduction of those contracts could drive that retail percentage over time?
Terry Duffy: So, Kyle, I'm going to turn it to Julie Winkler on the event contracts to start with, and then we'll talk more about the retail participation and the numbers that we do disclose versus the ones that we don't. So, why don't I go ahead and turn it to Julie as far as the -- to start with.
Julie Winkler: Sure. Yes. In Q1, we announced our plans to begin offering the event contract later this year. That launch date has -- was announced a number of weeks ago. So, we're focused on September 19th for that launch. And really, what our goal is, is to be working with our existing broker partners to ensure that we make futures more presentable to individual end user clients. And so this is a lot about packaging up a product in a much more simple and straightforward yes-no format instead of a more standardized bid offer trading environment that people trade our existing products on. So, our target audience is different, I would say, than our existing client base. It's people that have interest in financial and commodity markets but have a smaller appetite for risk perhaps than a typical futures trader and/or perhaps less experience in doing that. So, there has been, obviously, a growing trend for self-directed trading across the US over the last two years. And working with our broker partners, this was identified as an opportunity. So, we've been working with them to create a customer experience for the US retail traders in this sense and also being able to provide liquidity. So, we've got some committed market makers to supply liquidity for these products as well. And we will continuing to be ramping up some marketing in that vein as the launch gets closer and working closely with our broker partners to ensure that clients are educated about how these products work.
Terry Duffy: And the retail participation, you want to discuss that the way you can?
Julie Winkler: Yes. So, we don't disclose the percentage of our retail trading as a percentage of our overall activity. Revenue was up 26% this quarter and continuing to really perform very strongly. It looks to be another record year in terms of the number of retail participants that we see in our marketplace. And this continues to be driven by the same themes that we talk about. The micro suite has been extremely attractive. As there has been volatility in the marketplace, micro equity suite, in particular, has performed very strongly. And I'd say the other thing is this continues to be an education story for us. So, working to get content out there, working with our broker partners, working with third-party educators. This is a key part of our retail model and one that we will continue to invest in and continue to put new products out. So, the micro crude, the micro yield and also the Ether futures, this all attracts additional attention to the suite, and things are going very well there.
Terry Duffy: So, Julie, why don't you just describe real quick about how we categorize a retail participant versus some others might categorize?
Julie Winkler: Yes. For us, it's really what we determine and see as active traders. So, those are people trading 10 or more times per month. Our broker partners are doing all the KYC and AML on these clients. And these are people that have largely traded in, in other equity options market and equity portfolios. And so they're qualified, and they have the appetite to take on and use derivatives to hedge part of their retail portfolio. And that has been really a cornerstone of our retail marketplace and will continue to be our client base.
Terry Duffy: Yes. And kind of we're not pointing it out for you. We're just pointing out for the public's sake because the retail, the way it's grown and proliferated by individuals walking down the street is a little bit different than the way we participated in. So, that's the only reason I asked her to clarify that part of the equation. And then on our options business, on retail, it's been a significant change. Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yes, it's one of the points that Julie has made is we're investing significant amounts of education and training to both upsell and cross-sell our retail clients. And just a great case in point here was that the -- not only is our options portfolio as a whole continuing to grow faster than futures. Year-to-date, our options were up 28% versus futures up 21% retail participation, and our options complex is up 62%. That's substantially the fastest-growing client participation. So, I think it speaks to the resources and tools and capabilities we've developed and the upsell and cross-sell capabilities that Julie talked about earlier. So, we're bringing and scaling participation in our markets across the whole portfolio of asset classes and the whole portfolio of options and futures. And as you know, customers that trade options tend to trade futures and grow into other asset classes as well over time.
Terry Duffy: Thanks Derek. Kyle, thank you very much for your questions.
Kyle Voigt: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go ahead and move on to our next question from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Good morning. Does it surprise you that energy volumes have not been more robust given the macro events that are driving outsized energy volatility and, in particular, a big move in natural gas?
Terry Duffy: Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yes. I appreciate that, Patrick. Yes, there's -- the energy market has been under a lot of stress over these last couple of months. What we've actually seen is the significant dislocations in physical supply chains. That's true in energy, agricultural products, and metals products. We saw a huge bump immediately following the Ukraine war in March. What we've seen since then we saw then a jump in activity. We did see more of a risk-off profile on the future side. Definitely, we saw that in the global oil market. We saw that in ICE Brent. We saw that in our WTI contract as well. What we've actually seen is a rebuild since then. If you look at the overall commodities portfolio as a whole, our June ADV was 7% up on April and 18% up on May. So, we're seeing that initial jump in activity, which was really a risk of high volume and then open engine reduction. We've seen them then start to rebuild. What's really interesting is the makeup of actually how customers are managing risk in this extremely complex environment, Ags, energy and metals right now. We talked a little bit about this on the last earnings call. We've actually seen a significant increase in proportions of customers' portfolios that are trading and transacting in the form of options versus futures in markets that are moving both up and down rather violently. I'd put equities in that camp, I'd put oil in that camp. We're actually seeing an interesting differential between the open interest build in -- between futures and options. For example, while our energy futures open interest is down 23%, our options open interest is up 10%. Our futures in energy is up 1%, and our options is up 11%. What that is telling us is customers are finding that the flexibility of options is much better suited to some of the really challenging moves in our physical markets right now. So proud to say that we're seeing growth substantially in both open interest and in volumes on the option side, which you'd expect when flat price hedging in these uncertain markets is as challenging as it is right now. So, we are seeing rebuild. We're seeing a reload. It's the uncertainty on the war. And frankly, you've got supply issues. China is likely about to announce zero growth GDP. That has already had an impact on the price of oil. You can have supply shocks as well. So, the market is using a hard -- a larger proportion of options to manage that risk. And I think as the market becomes a little more certain of a path forward, we'll start to see markets mean revert a little bit. But right now, I think the market is defensible using options. So, we're pleased that they're using our benchmark markets here to manage that risk.
Terry Duffy: So Patrick, let me just make another comment. I think, Derek, you made really good thoughts around how we're rebuilding the marketplace Well, let's talk about what's happened over the last several months here. And fundamentals are what drive free markets, and they move on fundamentals such as what's going on in Russia, Ukraine, such what's going on in inflation, such what's going on over in China as Derek pointed out. What we don't -- markets don't like are geopolitical interference. And we've seen a lot of geopolitical interference, especially here in the United States under a certain product, meaning energy, and what the policies are. And I think sometimes investors get a little spooked by how much the geopolitical is going to impact the fundamentals of the marketplace. So, I think we're starting to see that take off. And the reason I say that, otherwise, our President wouldn't have gone over to Saudi Arabia. He wouldn't have done other things to try to increase this product. So, I think we're starting to see the geopolitical factors get away from the fundamental factors. And that's hence the reason why we're seeing the rebuild and open interest in trade in which we should have seen the whole time. Derek?
Derek Sammann: And I think to wrap-up on your question on nat gas. Nat gas has really been the shining part of the energy portfolio. When you look at our second quarter ADV of 554,000, up 19% from second quarter last year, an average open interest of 6 million, up 17%. So, it's a great case in point where you're seeing where there is term volatility and there's a little less -- or a little more clarity, I should say, in terms of what the term demand is for gas, we're seeing our markets respond very, very strongly. So, we like the position we have in Henry Hub. We continue to be between 75% and 80% market share in that market. And as I said, in that market year-to-date, our future is up 10%, and options are up 16%. So, continuing a theme here, but very, very strong returns and growth of the business for a full year as well as Q2 of natural gas. And we expect that to continue given the ongoing challenges of a demand in Europe right now.
Terry Duffy: So, Patrick, hopefully, that gives you a little sense of what we're seeing from our everyday seats here as it relates to energy and all the different factors that go into this business.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Very helpful. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Siegenthaler: Hey, good morning everyone.
Terry Duffy: Good morning.
John Pietrowicz: Good morning.
Craig Siegenthaler: So, how is the competitive landscape in the metals business evolving as participants react to LME's canceling of nickel contracts in March? And we know you had a pretty large-scale marketing campaign in the quarter and also launched a few metal contracts, so really focusing on CME's potential to take market share.
Terry Duffy: Yes, Craig, thank you for the question. And Derek, who runs our Metals business with his team, can give you a little bit of color around the way we're approaching it.
Derek Sammann: Yes, I appreciate the question, Craig. Certainly, the LME's challenges from March have reverberated out across the broader market. What we are seeing is continued expanded engagement with particularly buy-side and commercial customers that have historically done a larger share of their base metals business on LME. We have, as you know, continue to significantly build and expand success in our copper market with a differentiated set of offerings versus the LME. That has continued to go from strength-to-strength, particularly in copper options where we gained significant share over the last two to three years, particularly. We have seen significant customer interest in doing a larger proportion of their aluminum business with us. And we've seen some nice growth there off admittedly a low base there. So, I think we're seeing the client engagement customers looking for best solutions in jurisdictions where they have the customer protections, where they've got the market certainty and where they know exactly the rules around how markets operate and they get the best risk management tools increasing in that CME Group. So, we like the broader engagement we've seen. We like the direction in terms of broader impact of customers looking to move more of their base metals business to CME Group. And that really leverages on the success that we've had in other parts of our franchise like battery metals, cobalt and lithium, where we continue to be the largest market for battery metals and the growth that we're seeing in base metals globally. So, hopefully, that answers your question. But I think that the global client base that we've built and the team that Julie has managed with client-specific sales teams, particularly with commercials, has opened that dialogue and now expanded portions of our business in ways that we're here to best serve client need. And we think we're the best market for that, and we're seeing that in our results.
Craig Siegenthaler: Thank you, Derek.
Terry Duffy: Thanks Craig.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take last question from Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Hey thanks again. Hello again I guess. Just one quick one, maybe not a quick one. On your largest business, interest rate futures, unless I've missed it, we haven't really discussed that. And I don't want to belittle the growth in the quarter, which was obviously solid, but I think relative to what's going on in the environment and also, Terry, your comments earlier this year in terms of unprecedented times, I think people generally expect a little bit more action. So, really curious in terms of what you think has potentially weighed on activity. And I'm asking this in the context of when we talk to market participants, they also echo that it feels lighter and maybe some trading strategies are not as active as they should be. And I guess I'm wondering, like with -- it just seems like capital as far as banks are watching their capital. They're not extending as much credit. Like what are the things that you think are weighing? What could change there? Or are we going down the wrong path here?
Terry Duffy: Sure. Alex, I appreciate your question. But I think when John stated in his opening remarks at the last two quarters combined with the two largest quarters in the history of the company kind of bolsters what we said at the beginning of this year about unprecedented activity that we're seeing in our marketplace. And I think that's come to fruition. So, -- and then when you hear what Sean has said about the transition, as we're going through a massive transition from one benchmark to another, I think that we've done a pretty good job when people consider it a jump ball just recently, as you know, because you were at that meeting on rest of the analysts were talking about a potential jump ball for the SOFR business. So, I think we've done a really good job on that. And as far as the unprecedented activity, I think we've seen unprecedented activity. I think there's other events that go into it, but I would guess it would differ with you when I look at our numbers. So, I don't know if people misunderstood what I said unprecedented activity to mean that we're going to trade 20% more than we did or the levels that we did, which were at record levels. So, let me talk to John.
John Pietrowicz: Yes, Alex. Thanks for the question, and thanks for the thoughts. Just to back up some of the things that Terry has already said. The first half was an all-time record revenue for our rates franchise. The first half was an all-time record average number of large open interest holders for our rate franchise. The first half was an all-time record ADV for our rate franchise. If you look at the year-over-year growth, the most recent numbers in our volumes, in our listed rates franchise, it is up 21% year-over-year. One of the references that I have made to investors previously was that the current environment looked an awful lot like 1994. I think I've been saying that now for at least 18 months. And if you look at 1994, what I always reference was the fact that if you combined CME and CBOT interest rate volumes and you looked at the growth in 1994 relative to 1993, that it was up 20%. So, this looks to me like what I would have expected relative to the economic environment. In addition to that, I mentioned earlier with every FOMC meeting in play that our short-term interest rate franchise, if you look at the STIRs futures and options -- or sorry, STIR futures alone, it's up 48% year-over-year. If you look at the STIR options up 26% year-over-year. It's a very exciting result. What's still left in front of us, and that's actually also very exciting, is the Fed balance sheet. So, we have seen an environment very much like 1994 in terms of the STIRs franchise. Our treasury futures are only up 10% year-over-year, but they are up 10% year-over-year. So, what is the potential catalyst for further growth? The Federal Reserve only started to reduce the size of its balance sheet during June and July. During June and July, as we know, the Fed is only targeting a reduction in balance sheet of $47.5 billion per month. Starting in September, we also know that the Federal Reserve is planning on reducing that balance sheet by $95 billion a month. So, on the short end, relative to the similarities of 1994, we're seeing the FOMC fully in play, 48% growth year-over-year, and we're very pleased with it. Relative to the long end of the yield curve and the $9 trillion balance sheet that the Fed accumulated over the last now, I guess, 12 years, that part of the benefit that we might get from this economic environment are still in front of us.
Terry Duffy: So, Alex, I guess my comments, and I know exactly you're referring to there in January of this year when I said I thought that this could be an extremely active -- I think I was answering Rich Repetto's question at the time about the overall markets. And I think the numbers are reflecting what we saw, what I saw and the team saw going into that. So, when we -- coming with records that we produce to-date, they're not coming off of a basis of zero. We are taking records that are coming on very high basis. So, I think that it's exactly what we said was going to happen. So, if you're a new business and you went from zero to one, I would say, okay, you get no credibility. But when you have what we have and we create a record of that, I think you should at least acknowledge that we saw what was coming down the pipe.
Alex Kramm: I appreciate the commentary as I said. Didn't mean to belittle the growth. Just keep on hearing that it feels quieter than it should be, but that's -- we'll keep on slacking it.
Terry Duffy: No, and I appreciate that. And I think the numbers reflect something different, but at the same time, I hear what you're saying. So, again, we are continually -- we're in this for the long run. But again, we were very impressed with the last two quarters that we have had here at CME.
Alex Kramm: Thanks again guys.
Terry Duffy: Thanks Alex.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Alex.
Operator: With that, that does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the call back over to management for any closing or additional remarks.
Terry Duffy: I want to thank all of you for joining us today. We appreciate it very much. Again, you and your families, please stay safe and healthy. Thank you.
Operator: With that, that does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the CME Group First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead.
John Peschier: Good morning, and I hope you are all doing well today. Im going to start with the safe harbor language, then Ill turn it over to Terry and John for brief remarks followed by your questions. Other members of our management team will also participate in the Q&A session. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statement. Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Lastly, on the final page of the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I will turn the call over to Terry.
Terry Duffy: Thank you, John, and thank you all for joining us this morning. We released our executive commentary, as John said, earlier today, which provided extensive details on the first quarter of 2022. Also, as John said, I have John, Sean, Derek, Sunil and Julie Winkler on the call or in the room with us this morning. I will start, and then John will provide some comments before we open the call for your questions. Trading activity during the first quarter jumped 26% from the last quarter with average daily volume of 26 million contracts per day. Average daily volume was up 19% versus the first quarter last year driven primarily by record quarterly equity index ADV, which was up 30% year-over-year. In addition, interest rates average daily volume was up 21% for the same period. Energy and foreign exchange ADV both grew 6% compared with the first quarter of 2021. In total options, ADV increased 32% to 4.6 million contracts, including significant activity outside of the United States. In Q1, non-U.S. average daily volume grew to 7.3 million contracts. We saw 17% growth in Europe, 22% growth in Asia and 28% growth in Latin America. Contributing to the record quarterly equity index ADV, the Micro E-mini products represented 43% of the activity, growing 36% from the first quarter 2021 to a record average of 3.4 million contracts per day. Additionally, equity options increased 81% for the first quarter last year driven by record activity across E-mini S&P 500 and the NASDAQ 100 options. Within interest rates, both SOFR futures and options had record quarterly ADV, averaging a combined 1.2 million contracts per day. The growth in our SOFR franchise has been a major objective for our team, and the increased volatility in rates during the quarter did not slow the momentum in this transition. At the end of the quarter, SOFR futures share of the Eurodollar futures trading had increased for nine consecutive weeks. It surpassed Eurodollars trading just last week for the first time, averaging 1.37 million contracts above the 1.33 million Eurodollar contracts traded on the same day, a major milestone in the industry shift away  a shift to LIBOR  away from LIBOR to SOFR  excuse me. The uncertainty around the Fed will adjust the rates in terms of how much and how often can be seen in the 313% growth in the first quarter of Fed Fund futures ADV compared with the first quarter of 2021. The innovative new products weve launched across the entire yield curve in recent years are more important than ever. You can see this recent front-end volatility driving record quarterly ADV in the three-year treasury note futures as just one example. Additionally, we already have 60 participants trading the 20-year U.S. bond futures contract that we just listed at the end of the quarter. In terms of other new products, customer demand and the ever apparent need for risk management across our global products continues to lead new product launch opportunities. During the quarter, our micro size contract suite continued to grow with recent launch of Micro Bitcoin and Ether options as well as the planned launch of micro copper futures in early May. Micro WTI futures reached a record monthly ADV in March of more than 226,000 contracts and have traded more than 16.8 million contracts since their launch in July of last year. Our ESG offerings expanded with our launch of core global emission offset futures or as we refer to it as C-GEO. Voluntary offsets have become an increasingly popular tool for entities striving to reduce their carbon footprint and achieve carbon neutrality. Building upon the successful introductions of our GEO and NGO contracts, these contracts are intended to align with the core carbon principles overseen by the Integrity Council for the Voluntary Carbon Market. Within crypto, we launched two new reference rates for Bitcoin and Ether, providing a once-a-day reference rate of the U.S. dollar price of the two digital assets published at 4:00 p.m. New York Time, as the New York calculation window has the second most traded hours for Bitcoin futures behind the London rate. In addition, just this week, with our partner CF Benchmarks, we launched 11 new cryptocurrency reference rates in real-time indices. The digital asset market continues to expand, and there is an increasing demand for regulated cryptocurrency information. And finally, new option products continue to offer more flexibility to manage short-term price risk. As Fed policy and economic uncertainty have implications on metals markets, we announced the early May launch of Monday and Wednesday gold, silver, and copper weekly options, which complemented the existing Friday, weekly end-of-month and quarterly options on these markets. With the backdrop of ongoing geopolitical uncertainty, evolving central bank policies, inflation, supply chain constraints and other economic challenges, risk management has never been more important. Our team executed extremely well during the first quarter, resulting in many trading volume records. We were especially pleased with the record results we  in our market data business, which reached a high watermark of $152 million of revenue in Q1. Looking ahead, with the supply of critical global physical commodities fragmenting, the reference of several of our global benchmark products continues to increase, and we continue to provide our clients a secure and transparent way to significantly mitigate and manage their risk. With that, let me turn the call over to John to provide you with some financial highlights.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Terry. During the first quarter, CME generated approximately $1.350 billion in revenue. Adjusting for the impact of the formation of OSTTRA, our joint venture with S&P Global, which we launched in September of last year, our revenue grew over 13% for the quarter. As Terry mentioned, market data revenue was a record up 5% to $152 million. We continue to see a lot of interest in our globally relevant product set. Expenses were very carefully managed and, on an adjusted basis, were $425 million for the quarter and $344 million, excluding license fees. The expenses include approximately $6 million toward our cloud migration. The operating leverage in our model is significant. Again, adjusting for the impact of the formation of OSTTRA, when you compare the first quarter 2022 to the first quarter last year, our revenue rose by approximately $158 million and adjusted expenses increased only $22 million. CME had an adjusted effective tax rate of 23%, which resulted in an adjusted net income of $766 million, up 19.5% from the first quarter last year and an adjusted EPS attributable to common shareholders of $2.11. Capital expenditures for the first quarter were approximately $22.5 million. CME paid out over $1.5 billion of dividends during Q1, and cash at the end of the quarter was approximately $2.1 billion. In addition to helping our clients manage their risk, we are making progress in our partnership with Google. We have completed the discovery phase of our analysis of our applications and have begun to build the technical foundation to move them to the Google Cloud platform. Our initial focus will be on moving trading data to the cloud and leverage Googles excellent data management capabilities. We will also be looking to move our corporate and clearing systems as part of the first phase of the migration. In summary, the team at CME Group is focused on our clients and on executing on our strategic priorities. Please refer to the last page of our executive commentary for additional financial highlights and details. With that short summary, wed like to open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Rich Repetto from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Rich Repetto: Good morning Terry, John and team.
Terry Duffy: Good morning.
Rich Repetto: Hope is everybody is healthy and safe and your families are as well. But Terry, last quarter, you spent a fair amount of time talking about the unique setup for volumes, and this was even before you had the Russia invaded Ukraine. So the second best quarter in ADV, it sort of played out. So, I guess my question is update on this setup, because you have seen a volume pullback probably since mid-March with a decline in volatility. So an update on the setup and then also how you managed, I guess, this volatility in the quarter. Theres been articles about margin breaches and pretty extensive margin calls with all the volatility as well.
Terry Duffy: Yes. Thanks, Rich. I mean theres a lot packed into your question, and I did refer to how we were positioned well at the last call or people to manage their risk in a very uncertain world and I believe is what youre referencing. And I think weve done a really good job of that and reflecting in the numbers of our first quarter. So, we are quite pleased to be able to manage the risk that weve been able to do in every major asset class around the world that people participate in here at CME. So that being said, I have never measured a year on a quarter. I like to measure the year-on-year. So, I think theres a lot more left to this year with the  I think youre referring to the volume at April probably being at 20  just over 20 million contracts a day, which is now from the $26 million that we had in the first quarter with the volatility coming off a little bit and what does that mean. I dont think it means anything. I think this means that we have to measure the entire year. Were seeing what can happen when people need to manage risk in a real-time basis, and thats what we provide the deep liquid markets for them to do that. Weve seen, and no one saw coming, some of the unprecedented events that we have seen over the last six to eight to 12 weeks in this country around the world. So, Im really pleased with that. How does that translate into future volumes? Its hard to predict there, Rich, as you know. On the margin, there are  weve had massive moves in markets. So the CME does move its margins up and down, as you are aware, and then we have a minimum rate. And then theres our firms  member firms that we dont control what they decide to charge their clients on top of what the margin required by CME is. Every firm seems to be different. We do communicate with firms as it relates to their everyday business, and they do talk about risk and volatility and margins, and we all know that they charge something a little bit different. So thats out of our control. What were here to do is make sure we can provide deep liquid markets for people to transfer. We want to be cautious about talking about margins because were talking about risk. And when were talking about some of the most unprecedented times in the history of the world, we want to be careful not to be dismissive of some of the margins that have happened during these times. So, I would say not unexpected to see some of the margins going up significantly at the firm level, because I dont think anybody has ever seen a boots on the ground or on the European soil since World War II. So, I think that those are  theres so many different factors going into it, which is causing the margin increases at the firm level. So again, well let this play out through the balance of the year, and well stay focused on letting people manage their risk.
Rich Repetto: Great. Thanks, Terry.
Operator: We will take our next question from Dan Fannon from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Fannon: Thanks, good morning. I guess, John, on expenses, clearly, good discipline as you highlighted in the quarter. But typically, the first quarter is your highest period for compensation or even overall expenses, maybe the fourth quarter in some years. But given the strength of revenues that you saw in the first quarter, can you talk about the trajectory of expenses from here? And what is really the ramp in addition to the Google numbers you mentioned? It just feels like the start of the year on expense side was rather low.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Dan. Thanks for the question. Yes, in terms of the expenses, the entire team here at CME Group has done a tremendous job, not just this year, but for many years managing our costs  all the employees are here at CME are focused on, ensuring that we spend as efficiently as possible, and you can see that as evident in this quarters results. We also, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, weve got tremendous leverage in our model, and you can see that reflected in our 68% margins for the quarter. We do expect to see a higher level of expenses in the following quarters as we see the full impact of our employee merit increases, which we put on pause last year, and they became effective in March. So youll see that play out for the rest of the year. Also, as I mentioned in our guidance last quarter, we expect to see about $30 million for an improving business environment, including increased travel, marketing events and customer-facing resources, which were expected to see ramp up throughout the year. We, as an organization, will always be diligent on our costs. But thinking, as Terry indicated in his remarks, we are well positioned to serve our clients, to manage their risk in this really uncertain time, and we want to make sure that weve got the resources to do that. And weve also  are seeing an improving operating environment where we expect to be able to do more traveling and in-person marketing events to help our clients.
Dan Fannon: Got it. And I guess just a clarification. Did some of that start, though, in the first quarter, I mean, the travel and events? I mean that was happening in 1Q though, correct?
John Pietrowicz: It was, but not to the extent that we expected in the back half of the year, especially in Asia, in particular. Thats an area that you really havent seen it open up as much as youre seeing it in Europe. And were seeing more kind of in-country events than cross-country events, so international travel, in particular. So, we expect that to be ramping up. And also, as I indicated in our discussion last quarter, we are making investment in customer-facing resources that we expect to see ramp up throughout the year, especially in our international offices.
Dan Fannon: Great. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: From UBS, we will now move to Alex Kramm.
Alex Kramm: Hey good morning everyone. A quick one from me just on the net investment income on the  I guess, in the clearinghouse or with the Fed. It looks like that thats decently better than I thought. Can you just give us an update on what the average balance was maybe, what the basis point fee was that you realized? And then, more importantly, since we got a fed hike at the end or towards the end of the first quarter, how we  whats the realized rate that youre getting now? And have you seen any change in behavior? And any updated thoughts on where were going to go as we likely will have more and more fed hikes coming here? Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Yes, sure. Thanks, Alex. So in terms of our nonoperating section of our income statement, Ill just cover both. Thats up about $11.5 million sequentially. Its two major pieces. One, as you indicated, the earnings on cash held by our clients at the clearinghouse, which is up about $5 million. We saw higher average cash balances of about $2.2 billion. Our returns were 7 basis points, up about 2 basis points from last quarter. As you indicated, in mid-March, the Fed increased rates to 40 basis points. So, we are returning 27 basis points to our clients, and were keeping 13 basis points ourselves. So, if you look at it that way, all things being equal, you should see a difference between the 7 basis points and the 13 basis points going forward. So, I think the  currently, our average cash balances through April  so our average cash balance at the end of  for Q1 was $152.2 billion. The average cash balances for the month of April is $161 billion is the average that we have through April. We did see the ending balance in Q1 of about 200  Im sorry, ending balance of $165.5 billion in Q1, and were seeing the ending balance on $425 million of $159.3 billion. So the amount of cash at our clearing house is still pretty robust. The second piece in our nonoperating portion of our income statement, as I said, $5 million of the sequential increase of $11.5 million was related to earnings on cash held by clients at the clearinghouse. The other piece is the earnings from our S&P Dow Jones joint venture, which was up about $6 million sequentially and up about 16% year-over-year, and that JV continues to perform extremely well.
Alex Kramm: Excellent. Thanks for all the color.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thanks, Alex.
Operator: We will take our next question from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the question everybody. I wanted to go back to some of the earlier comments around Google. It sounded like you guys have completed your initial analysis of what you guys can sort of do together. So, I was hoping to get an update on sort of your thoughts around revenue opportunities and maybe some of the product launches that this venture  now that this venture has kind of had a couple of months to mature.
John Pietrowicz: Yes, Ill take that, and Ill kick it over to Sunil and Julie also for some comments. But yes, were making really good progress. If you want to think of it this way, weve done the deep due diligence on our applications as we prepare to migrate to the cloud. So that takes a lot of work where we basically are analyzing each application, determining what the right course of action is as we migrated to the cloud. As Ive indicated in the past, this is not a lift and shift. Its really a lift, analyze the applications and look at optimizing them and then automating it when we get to the cloud, right? So at the end of the day, once the applications get to the cloud, we should have a much more efficient application suite and  in the cloud. So thats our objective. And as I indicated previously, this  at the end of this, it will be a much more efficient operation of our applications so that its got good financial characteristics over the 10-year period of the agreement. But also our expense levels, assuming all things being equal in terms of trading activity and the like, should be at a lower cost as well. So excited about that. So thats the first phase. We are looking at moving our market data and trading data to the cloud. We do have an offering now with Google. Were looking to expand the capabilities of that offering, and that is ongoing. Whats great about Google is theyre excellent at managing large amounts of data, and we will be looking to move our data to the cloud and offering analytics and other capabilities around that data. Also, during this process, as we indicated last quarter, well be moving some of our risk models to the cloud. Why is that important? Well, as Terry indicated, risk management is critical in this uncertain time, and we want to be able to give our clients all the insights to help manage their risk as we can. And I would say last is kind of our corporate system. So its the stuff that we use internally to run and operate the business. Well be looking to leverage the cloud for that. With that, Ill turn it over to Julie and Sunil for some comments.
Julie Winkler: Yes. As John pointed out, getting the data into the cloud is certainly a big piece of additional product development that we can do on top of that. So, as we mentioned last quarter, it was a big opportunity for us now to be able to complete our listed CME futures and options data into the cloud. So, we moved all of our options data into GCP earlier this month. And so now we really have a full suite of that, both futures and options data, available in historical and real-time format for our clients to be able to access. And the team is actively working on some additional projects based on the unique data sets that we have here at CME and with the wide range of benchmark products that we have available. There are some unique total cost analysis and other benchmarking that we can do. So, we are actively working on that and excited to be able to really test that with customers as we proceed in an agile way of that product development. So, well expect more as the year progresses.
Sunil Cutinho: And then Ill speak to the margin calculation. We do have a real-time margin calculator that we host internally. What we plan to offer with Google is a margin calculator wrap. As Terry pointed out, risk management is very important for our clients. And we want to give them the ability and the flexibility to launch these calculators as necessary during the day to track their exposures. So this is something that we target to actually deliver this.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thats kind of the near-term things that were focused on. I think whats important is the long-term strategy that we have around the migration of the cloud and providing our clients easier access to the markets over time, which I think, as we all indicated at the time we did the transaction, thats really what were very excited about is kind of the long-term opportunity here.
Alex Blostein: Gotcha. Thanks for the color.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thanks, Alex.
Operator: We will take our next question from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning folks. Maybe just focus on the micro franchise. Obviously, first quarter was extremely strong in the micro complex. Youve got, obviously, the market volatility backdrop and increasing take-up or usage of these contracts plus obviously, innovation from new products. Maybe just  I know you dont like to make volume forecast going forward, but in thinking about that product innovation and how retail customers are using these more, maybe how your agreements are forming on the online brokerage side, for example, how should we think about the outlook for that for micro volumes as the year progresses based on those factors? And obviously, 1Q was very strong.
Terry Duffy: Brian, its Terry Duffy. Let me  Im going to turn it over to a couple of folks because that question is encompassing among many asset classes, which are represented in this room, Sean and Julie, but let me kick it over to Julie to start with to give you a little sense of where were at. But youre correct. We cannot predict the volumes associated with any of our products, and we wont do so. But as I did say at the earlier comment to Rich is this is a long year. We are very excited about the first quarter. And when we saw the volatility that youve referenced earlier in Q1, that was very aggressive volatility due to the beginning of a war. So now that we think volatility becomes normalized, that actually bodes better for the entire franchise than extreme volatility that we saw in Q1. So, I want to make sure I get that point across. I wish I would have said it earlier to Rich, but I wanted to emphasize that again more because I think it plays into your question not only from the micro contracts, but obviously, the large-sized contracts as well. So Julie?
Julie Winkler: Well, thanks for the question, Brian. Ill just maybe start with some broad comments about kind of retail and the micro piece of that and then turn it over to Derek and Sean to talk a little bit more about the financial results in their business. Q1 for our retail business was a record quarter. And so revenue there was up another 7% higher than that highest quarter on record that we had before in Q1 of 2020. And a lot of that certainly was driven by the micro performance. Id say it continues to see strong growth around the globe. So North America led the pack there really being up 34%. And when we look at the participation numbers, which is a key part of helping us really kind of  work with our broker partners as well as the results, the number of retail traders is still up almost double digits in this quarter. And were continuing to see that our model in working with our distribution partners is bringing net new traders into the marketplace thats well outpacing what we saw in 2021. So the acceleration is still there, which is great. On the micros front, this has really been, Id say, a continued story from what weve seen since we launched is that this is a critical component of our new client acquisition strategy. Because of the size of these contracts, we are seeing people start entering our marketplace and getting familiar with our products through this micro suite. And as Terry had mentioned earlier, a lot of the strategy here is on continuing to add net new products into that micro suite, which has been a key part of that growth as well as the volatility that we did see in Q1 naturally leads itself to a higher uptake of micro participation. The kind of some of the other trends, just to wrap up from my side, the number of traders that begin as kind of micro only and are graduating, we are seeing that increase, and were seeing that as clients move on from micro to standard products, that, that revenue, on average, is also making them more sticky to our business. And so I think its important. A key part is getting the clients in, but its also helping them continue their journey into our other products here at CME Group. So with that, maybe Ill turn it over to Derek first.
Derek Sammann: Yes. I think the micro story has actually played out really well. As you recall, we just launched the Micro WTI contracts in July of last year. And certainly, going into now the asset inflation story that weve seen in energy over the last four months, it couldnt come at a better time. Ill pick up on a comment that Julie made. This is a new client acquisition story for us. If you look at the participation levels that were seeing in our contracts, weve traded  through Monday, we traded over 19 million contracts since launch. Almost 40% of our volume is trading outside the U.S. We have 55,000 unique traders, of which 28,000 of those customers have never traded a CME Group product before. So these are net new customers into our environment, into specifically energy and increasingly seeing the opportunity to cross-trade these customers out across other asset classes. So over 100 firms have put trades up, and whats most important about this product is the global reach of the  since launch, over 48% of our volume in micros has emanated from outside the U.S. across 130 territories. So this is a terrific tool used by our partners and distribution points out in Europe and Asia to bring net new customers to us. And in Micro WTI, 31% of this volume is coming from pure retail traders, again, generally new participants into our world. So good new client acquisition story and it certainly complements our market, particularly in light of the fact that weve seen crude oil go from $60 to $100. That means our large contract went from a $60,000 contract to $100,000 contract. So these micro contracts at this point are a $10,000 contract well-sized for the risk tolerance of retail traders. With that, Ill pass it over to Sean to talk about what were seeing in equities.
Sean Tully: Yes, were very pleased with the growth of our micro products, the Micro E-minis. Growth this year around 29% year-over-year in terms of the ADV. Actually, thats the month to date is about 29% [indiscernible] 35%. If you look at the overall volume, then about 3.2 million contracts a day. We did, on February 1, increased the fees on those contracts. So the Micro E-mini member fees, we increased from $0.04 to $0.05, and the Micro E-mini nonmember fees, we increased from $0.25 to $0.30. So increasing volume on increasing fees, something thats very pleasing from our perspective. Well new product growth as  continues to supply a substantial portion of our growth overall. If you look at  and something that we update regularly, is our ADV and new product launch since 2010 within the financials unit. If you get new products launched since 2010 in the financials unit, in the first quarter, that amounted to 6.92 million contracts a day, generating $173 million in revenue. So 28% change on new product launch since 2010 in the financials unit. And weve recently updated the new product launched since 2017. So that is just in the last five years. That excludes a lot of our most successful products in our financials unit in the first half of our Ultra Bond future. It would exclude our Ultra 10-year futures and many of our very successful products. Nonetheless, if you will get new product launches in 2015 within the financials unit, they attained 5.39 million contracts a day in the first quarter, so more than 20% of the entire exchange volumes and more than $96 million in revenue.
Terry Duffy: So Brian, I hope you can see that the micro complex, what Julie and the team said, is a feeder of new client acquisition, which is extremely important. Derek emphasized that, and I cant stress that enough. This is not cannibalization from one contract to another. These are new clients coming into this company that were never here before. And whether theyre trading micros or the larger contracts, is based on the risk tolerance. And theyre managing risks. These are not the pure retail traders. When Derek referenced retail, these are not people that are trading like sports contracts. These are people managing risk. These are participants in the market on a daily basis. So I think its really important that we emphasize that point. But thank you for that question.
Brian Bedell: Yes, thats super helpful. Ill get back in the queue for follow-up. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ken Worthington from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. Mentioned in the release, that one of the 2Q initiatives is in base metals. What does the initiative entail? And what are the results you hope to achieve? And then to what extent is the timing based on the disruption we saw this past quarter in nickel markets at LME and some dissatisfaction that the market is seeing there?
Terry Duffy: Go ahead, Derek. Why dont you comment on the...
Derek Sammann: Yes. Ken, I appreciate the question. Yes, its certainly an interesting time in the base metals markets over these last couple of months. I think that the  what we saw was a significant and unexpected market disruption in nickel specifically. As you know, our COMEX business, since we bought that and integrated that into CME Group back in 2008, 2009, that started as a largely precious metals business and 85% to 90% of the volumes and revenues coming from the precious side. Over the last 10 years, weve significantly invested in growing out our base metals business led by copper, now aluminum, steel and a couple of other products.  What weve been able to establish is the credibility in the use of our COMEX copper contracts, specifically which meant that when this actually happened with LME, we immediately started to get calls from our own base metals customers experiencing the disruption in the nickel market and having concerns to express not only in the nickel market, but about the broader suite of best metals products where theyre trading right now, specifically aluminum. So you saw us announce yesterday that were going to be announcing or launching aluminum options. We actually were able to execute two successful physical aluminum options totaling 500 metric tons of U.S. aluminum to specifically help the physical participants in the aluminum market. So while customers are coming to us about the immediate disruption in the nickel market, as you probably know, we dont have a physical nickel market today, thats afforded us an opportunity to be able to more easily put those customers over into our liquid COMEX base metals product already, and were seeing that movement over. The work were doing right now is engaging those customers to find the easiest way to move them into our liquid contracts, and were certainly having ongoing conversations with them about what they would like to see as an alternative nickel market. That is a big complex market that requires physical delivery outside the U.S. So were converting  were conversing with the industry and the commercial participants to see what they would like, but the immediate opportunity is what were seeing in our liquid markets right now, copper, aluminum, et cetera. So a good opportunity for us.
Ken Worthington: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Owen Lau from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Owen Lau: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. Could you please talk about the driver of the strong sequential growth of your cryptocurrency futures and options ADV from the fourth quarter to the first quarter? When the spot market was down like maybe around 40% sequentially, I mean, is there any way to hear about whether people feel more comfortable, lets say, owning physical Bitcoin and Ethereum for long term to use derivatives to hedge the position in terms just like selling simple selling the tokens? And then also, finally could you please remind us how CME can monetize the cryptocurrency reference rate. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Okay, Owen. Sean, do you want to take the first part about the crypto? Or would you...
Sean Tully: Yes. In terms of the hedging, we think that a regulated exchange, highly regulated, right, by the CFTC is a highly trusted exchange, right, in terms of margins is very important and a huge value proposition for customers who monitrade in the cryptocurrency space. So we have built a very good and strong business in the first quarter, running more than 50,000 contracts a day with approximately 61% growth in the ADV, a lot of that growth coming from the micro contracts, in particular, the Micro Ether contract.  So weve seen very, very strong growth with participants looking to trade on a trusted regulated exchange, namely CME. In addition to that, were very pleased with the increases in  rate fees that we instituted in February, similar to the ones I mentioned earlier in the Micro E-mini. If you look at our Bitcoin nonmember fees, for example, we raised them by $1 from $4 a contract to $5. For members, we raised them from $2.50 to $3. On the Ether, similar increases. For nonmembers, we raised them from $3 to $4; for members, from $1.50 to $2. So we are very pleased with the growth in volumes, the growth in the innovative new products on the micro side, and weve also recently launched the Micro Ether contracts and the micro options contract. So further pleasing results with growth in those contracts with increasing fees. Last thing Ill mention is in regards to our recent announcement in April of 11 new currency reference rates. If you look at these new reference rates, how do we commercialize them and why are they important? Those 11 currency indexes represent more than 90% of what I would describe as the potentially efficiency-creating currencies for the marketplace. So these are nonstable coins, nonmeme coins. These are currencies that have the potential to improve the way payments are made across the financial system. How would we monetize those  look at what we did originally. We originally launched the Bitcoin and the Ether indexes. And a couple of years later, we launched the futures. And as you know, we are gaining substantial revenues from those futures today. So that is the primary commercialization opportunity.
Owen Lau: Thanks and appreciate.
Operator: We will take our next question from Kyle Voigt from KBW.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good morning. Maybe just a follow-up on Kens question on the LME nickel event. Just wondering if you could provide a bit more color on kind of the key differences in risk management practices at CME or explain in more detail why something similar couldnt have happened at CME. And then also, do you think the U.S. regulators will be looking closely at that LME event? And could that cause them to take any or reevaluate any things such as position limits or make changes to clearinghouse oversight more broadly?
Terry Duffy: Kyle, its Terry Duffy. Let me take the back part of that question on the regulatory side, and Ill let Sunil Cutinho take the front side, which is the risk management. So on the regulatory front, youd be purely speculating on what the agency may or may not do. You got to remember this came out of an FCA-regulated marketplace. The way they tore up trades on one side is something that we do not do here, and Sunil can walk you through more of the risk management associated the way we manage risk versus how they manage the risk. Whether the position limits would come under question, position limits probably would not have had any effect on what the outcome here was on LME was more on the risk management itself, not the exact position limits itself. So the concentration of risk is a different thing than the position limit. So these are different factors. I dont see our government taking this up in any which way, shape or form due to what happened in nickel. I mean, thered be no reason to. So  but at the same time, Ill reserve that. I will be testifying in Washington in May not only on a host of things but  not on LME, but mostly on risk in general. So that may come up. Well see when  how the Congress feels about it then. So let me ask Sunil to talk more about the risk side.
Sunil Cutinho: Thank you, Terry. So from a risk perspective, CME takes a very proactive approach with an early warning system. We not only look at margins, but we look at counterparty credit risk. And from a counterparty credit risk perspective, we look at our clients exposures, a clearing firms exposures. In the U.S., we have a feature called large trader. This typically highlights traders or clients or clearing firms with positions that cross a certain threshold with respect to the overall open interest given that we stress test these clients and we also look at their exposures relative to the total market. Based on that, we have a number of tools to address exposures. So this is what has created this resiliency that we bring to the market even in times of great stress. So at the end of the day, I think its our risk management posture that is not just based on margins or guarantee.
Terry Duffy: Kyle, hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color. But I mean, again, this is their situation, not ours, and we dont want to comment too much further on their situation. 
Kyle Voigt: Thats helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: From Compass Point, we will now move to Chris Allen. Please go ahead.
Chris Allen: Yes, good morning guys. Excuse me. Thanks for taking my call. I wanted to ask about the  basically, how you  any thoughts you may have around how market structure is going to evolve in the crypto markets. We have FTX applying for direct current with the CFTC, and many crypto companies have different market structures that would be allowed under the current regulatory framework in terms of exchanges having institutional brokers, even market makers. So do you see any potential changes coming from what the crypto industry is pushing? Or do you see more potential for them being required to adapt to current market regulations and structures?
Terry Duffy: Chris, its Terry Duffy. Again, as I said, Ill be testifying on May 12 specifically on this topic, along with some other folks. Its always difficult to predict what the ultimate outcome is. But I dont see any knee-jerk reaction into market structure thats going to change in any direction. And let me be clear about this. If there is a market structure change in any direction, it wont preclude CME from participating in such market structure changes that could benefit this immensely if, in fact, we see that to be the case. I dont know that to be the case, but I dont want people to think that crypto is the only one that has the ability to have its own separate regulation and the rest of the world has to sit idly by as they go unregulated or exempt from a whole host of issues that weve all been in compliance with today. So I do not see that to be an outcome whatsoever. So its a very frustrating topic to some degree, but at the same time, well be patient. Well go through it. Well give our views exactly as it relates to their application. The flaws in their application, theyre glaring they say the least, and we will be opposing that application. The industry is very concerned about some of the things there in NetApp. So again, you cant just create an application and pass it because its a new asset class. The CFTC also has to look at innovative new products. I will tell you that you cannot say that you have innovation for the sake of innovation. Its got to be still under the principles-based regulatory regime that is highly outlined in the CFTC today, and you cant go outside of that just for the sake of innovation. So it will be fascinating to see how this all plays out, but I do not see anything playing out in the near term at all.
Chris Allen: Thanks. Appreciate it.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Simon Clinch from Atlantic Equity. Please go ahead.
Simon Clinch: Hi, thanks for taking my question. And I wanted to jump back to just your thoughts around the international opportunity outside U.S. trading volumes and how  I guess, what you think the next steps are in terms of driving that volume higher? As Ive noticed that since about the sharp rises through sort of 2017, 2018. The percentage of volumes in international has sort of plateaued to some extent. And I was just wondering if theres any particular reason for that or if really we should expect that to be moving a leg higher as we move forward and what drives that. Thanks.
Terry Duffy: Simon, Ill turn it over to Derek for that response.
Derek Sammann: Yes, good question. Yes, weve seen really significant growth as our investments in our non-U.S. personnel and infrastructure has continued to grow. If you actually look at 2021, we set a record all-time volume year for our business, and we actually  and I think it was about $5.5 million for total year 2021. We just missed setting an all-time record quarter in first quarter of this year. We came in at just $7.3 million ADV for the quarter, just missing an all-time record. It was our second best revenue and ADV quarter, as I said, up 18%, 19%, respectively. We see continued growth on the international option side, specifically. Thats an area of growth for us, and that is also an area that brings not just options business to us but associated futures hedging as well. If you look at the extent of our growth across the regions in Q1, we saw LatAm growing 29%, APAC growing 22% and EMEA business growing 18%, and our rate per contracts actually hung in their well given the high percentage of our options business that was getting done. Yes, were seeing micros broadly being a large non-U.S. participation area for us. And thats  while thats had some downward pressure in the RPC, typically, non-U.S. participation comes at a higher rate per contract. So volume and revenue has actually been quite well aligned there. Ill turn it over to Julie to talk about some of the ways in which weve allocated additional sales staff and looked at our global reallocation of resources to Europe and Asia specifically, and weve just undergone a reorganization of our leadership globally as well to make sure that we can focus on the next 10 years of growth and unlock that  those steps in line with the commercial side of the business. So Julie can talk about some of the stuff we did on the sales side.
Julie Winkler: Yes. And John mentioned it earlier, right? A key component of our sales strategy and go-to-market opportunities is really about having people on the ground in region, building relationships with clients, understanding their needs and driving the educational opportunities that we have within the region, which is a huge part of particularly what we do in Asia not with our own staff, but also with a large network of third-party educators that we work with to help continue to promote our products.  So we have allocated additional resources internationally to continue that growth that we have seen. Say, as I look at the sales engagement numbers, the biggest year-on-year growth that we saw in sales productivity actually came and was led by our APAC region, where that was up over 100% versus what we saw in Q1 of 2020. And so a lot of this is about continuing to build out the teams. We have been very successful at leading a very focused approach with our country planning. And weve been working at that throughout the years and have really in a place now that were able to take that to the next level as we put more resources on the ground. We have found right with that focus. And with that, we can really drive greater execution. And a lot of what were looking at as well is just the product opportunities. So with the new client acquisition that were seeing with Micro, with our partners in the region, with Asia starting to open back up. Our Singapore office will be opening in the coming weeks; were excited about being able to drive more in-person events in the region, which is a key part of our strategy as well. So engagement there, again and outreach has been extremely high, and more resources, we believe, will lead to increased growth going forward.
Terry Duffy: Derek?
Derek Sammann: And Simon, just to put an exclamation point behind that, in the materials was circulated this morning on Slide 3, youll see a couple of graphs on the upper right-hand side. Theyre showing the percent of each of our asset classes that are trading from outside the U.S., and you see some pretty healthy gains and consistent growth there. This is obviously Q2  or Q1 2022 versus Q1 2021, but this is a consistent and, Id say, a regular trend that weve been employing with the commercial resources and the products weve been pushing out there. So happy to go into more detail offline, but I hope that gives you both the product level and regional level sense of where were growing that business and the continued growth were seeing as a percentage of these asset classes growth as well.
Simon Clinch: Thats really helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Gautam Sawant from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Gautam Sawant: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. Can you please expand on BrokerTec expanded protocol suite, including RFQ and streams plus the USD market profile launch? And how do these new products impact the competitiveness of your offering relative to peers? And where are you seeing the initial utilization of these newly launched capabilities?
Terry Duffy: Sean?
Sean Tully: Sure. This is Sean jumping in. Were pleased with how BrokerTec is performing this year. If you look at year-over-year, year-to-date, ADV for U.S. treasuries, its up 12%. If you look at the year-over-year month-to-date, ADV, its up 36%, doing overall this year, about $136 billion a day. So the U.S. Treasury business, Id say, doing quite well.  In terms of new protocols, were very pleased with the growth of RV trading or relative value trading that Ive talked about on the earnings calls before, creating new efficiencies where you have  mentioned lower bid offer spread and a very liquid market because of implied, that isnt available anywhere else. In terms of the RV trading, were very pleased with March 29, a record day of more than 4 billion, again, on a base ADV this year about $136 billion, a significant positive impact; last month, $2.5 billion ADV. We certainly see greater and greater traction and greater customer usage of that product on a continuous basis in recent history. So were very pleased with that. In terms of BrokerTec Stream, were very excited about the current migration of EBS over to Globex and the use of this new and far superior technology. In particular, were very pleased with the new technology, QDM or quote-driven markets 2.0, thats going to be applied to our EBS Direct business, again, in particular post migration. We will be and we have announced using that same technology for BrokerTec later this year. So were very excited to have a state-of-the-art direct streaming technology where we have a unique value proposition to offset, for example limits across the central limit order book and direct streaming again, something else that no one else can do. In addition to that, on BrokerTec, a couple of other items that I think may be of interest, U.S. repo is up 27% year-over-year, year-to-date. And in the first quarter, we had an all-time record U.S. repo for BrokerTec USA. In addition to that, we had an all-time record in EU repo, which is running likewise, around 12% growth year-over-year. So all-time records in U.S. repo, all-time records in EU repo and strong growth in U.S. on-the-run treasuries. The last thing Ill mention in the repo side is we have spoken before about how we have built a new offering, we call it BrokerTec quote, which is helping to electronify the dealer to customer business in the repo market across the globe. That business, likewise doing very well. We had a record month recently of more than 17 billion a day, and we do what we call a term adjustment. So in other words, the dealer to customer repos tend to go on for several days and the term adjustment well over 200 billion a day. So significant positive progress on the BrokerTec business.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Sean.
Gautam Sawant: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Michael Cyprys: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking me in here. Just a question on M&A. Id just be curious to hear your latest thinking on the M&A front. Just the industry has consolidated over the past decade. So Id just be curious to hear your perspective on whats left at this point in terms of opportunity on the M&A front for CME. And how much time are you spending on this today versus the past few years?
Terry Duffy: Michael, its Terry Duffy. Obviously, M&A is always something that people want to look at. You dont want to be dismissive of potential opportunities that could benefit your shareholders and, obviously, your user base to create more efficiencies. You are correct, though, in your opening statement, where you said a lot of it is consolidated in the vertical silos that we have seen around the world already.  So the question will be what do you see outside of that. And I think that people are looking multiple different directions of how they can create efficiencies in the businesses. One of the reasons I was so passionate with my team about doing the Google transaction, it allowed us to have the greatest technology in the world as we implement new products coming across, which might create opportunities that we dont even know today or tomorrow as it relates to M&A. So I think thats how people are going to be looking at it. Youre correct, though, the landscape has shrunk over the last decade. And the deals that we all used to talk about 10, 12 years ago are pretty much repped up. But we continue to look at it to see how it will benefit CME. But I think, again, the technology that we have. I cant emphasize that enough, is really important for us as we go forward.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Great. Thanks for taking my follow up question. Maybe just  you talked about the Google Cloud in terms of the market data and analytics that youre developing. You cited this also in the recent launch more analytical tools in the earnings commentary. Can you  maybe tough to predict, but is it possible to try to think about a time line of revenue contribution from that? And if its too early, I understand, but trying to understand if thats something that can materially impact this years market data revenue. Or is that more like a 2023 and 2024 story?
Terry Duffy: Yes. Brian, I think its tough for us to predict that, to be honest with you. I think we had a record quarter in our Market Data business, which we are extremely excited about. As you know, thats been a problem for us over the years, and we really got Julie Winkler to her credit, its gotten that business and growing it exponentially. Good job. The beauty around the Google transaction is what I said earlier, it just allows us to do so many different things going forward. So Im really excited by that transaction. Whether we can put revenue associated and I think thats really premature, I think, as I said, it just opens up so many different opportunities for CME going forward, not just in market data, but many other businesses as we referenced. Julie, do you want to comment any further?
Julie Winkler: Ill just add, weve been working over the last couple of years, right, to bring greater commercialization to that business. And that, I believe, is part of what youre seeing in the record results this quarter. And this is not just about making sure that our professional subscribers have access to all of our real-time benchmarks but also understanding what other needs they have and what other data you potentially can create and monetize, and were also seeing some great growth in our benchmark business. And so what weve been able to do in just nine months with our term SOFR licensing with now 900 different firms license with over 4,000 licenses, thats a new revenue stream for that didnt even exist nine months ago. So extremely focused on where there are growth opportunities, and there, through CMEs trading business, we also can create good opportunities, and that is definitely top of mind with revenue generation in the future. 
Terry Duffy: Okay, Brian.
Brian Bedell: Thats a great color. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Appreciated.
Operator: As we have no additional questions at this time, I will turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Terry Duffy: Let me thank you all again for joining us today. We appreciate it very much. Were quite proud of our quarter. We will continue to work as we go through the balance of the year. So thank you all very much. Stay safe, stay healthy. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-09 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the CME Group Fourth Quarter and Year End 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. And I hope you're all doing well today. I'm going to start with a Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statement. Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Lastly, on the final page of the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that I'd like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, John. Let me echo John's comments and hoping that you're all -- you and your family are all safe and healthy. So again, thank you for joining us this morning. We released our executive commentary earlier of today, which provided extensive details on the fourth quarter of 2021. I have John, Sean, Derek, Sunil and Julie Winkler on the call this morning and we all look forward to addressing any questions you have. Before I begin, in addition to John who will discuss the financial results, I'm going to have Sean and Derek make some comments as we did last quarter. Trading activity was strong during the fourth quarter with average daily volume of 20.5 million contracts per day, up 26% versus fourth quarter last year, and up 15% sequentially. We also added 26% ADV growth during the month of December versus the prior year. We saw a tremendous year-over-year strength in our interest rate business, which was up 56%, including record quarterly SOFR futures ADV.  As we continue to assist clients with the transition from LIBOR, equity index ADV increased 15% and energy ADV rose 16% compared to fourth quarter last year. In addition, options ADV grew 58% to 3.7 million contracts. The strong finish to the year supported record annual ADV in total of 19.6 million contracts, up 3% from last year, as well as record annual non U.S. ADV of 5.5 million contracts or up 4% compared with 2020.  In the four quarter, non U.S. average daily volume was up 24% to 5.7 million contracts per day. We saw 26% growth in Europe, 15% growth in Asia, and 45% growth in Latin America. As always, we continued to launch new innovative products, tools, and services to support customer needs.  We executed on targeted sales campaigns for recent launches during Q4. Micro Ether futures were launched in early December and surpassed 100,000 contracts within the first two weeks. We also began trading E-minis Russel 2000 Monday and Wednesday weekly options contracts, as demand for the more short dated options continues to grow. Additionally, we recently announced our plans to launch a new 20 year U.S. Treasury bond future in early March 2022, which is pending regulatory review.  Over the full year 2021, new products launched since 2010 generated approximately 500 million in revenue or up 30% from 2020. And finally in line with our longstanding history of innovation, we are extremely excited about having signed our 10 year strategic partnership deal with Google Cloud. This will allow us to transform derivative markets to cloud adoption and co-innovation to deliver expanded access, new products and more efficiencies for all more market participants.  As far as activity to date in 2022, we averaged 24.6 million contracts per day in January, up 28% compared with January of 2021, equity index and interest rates continue to lead the way with year-over-year growth of 56% and 33%, respectively. Options ADV growth was also strong, which was up 39%.  With that, let me turn the call over to Sean and then Derek to give you a little more color on each of these areas. Sean?
Sean Tully: Thank you, Terry. And thanks again, everyone for joining. While volatility across financial asset classes remained well below normal historical levels in 2021, interest rate and equity index volatility are around the historical mean in the fourth quarter, and FX market volatility generally remained below the 28th percentile. In that somewhat more normal environment in the fourth quarter, as Terry mentioned, we saw strong rates in equity volumes. We saw rates options up 94% year-over-year, equity index options up 68% year-over- year, and FX options up 18%.  In terms of our customer penetration, every financials asset class saw an all-time record average annual number of large open interest holders in 2021, as more customers used more of our financial product than ever before. In addition, we are pleased with our continued progress in the financial product launches, new product adoption and strong commercial results from these new product. From January 24th, new financial products achieved a volume of more than 10.5 million contract making up over 30% of the entire exchange volume that day.  Among our new products, we achieved an ADV record in our Micro equity E-minis in January up 3.7 million contracts, up 64% compared with January of last year. Our newly launched Micro Ether futures achieved an ADV of 21,500 contracts in January. And our Crypto futures in total reached a record 57,900 contract in January up 229% year-over-year equating to 2.87 billion average daily notional traded.  With strong growth in our equity index and crypto futures we initiated a fee adjustment beginning on February 1st. We increased our E-mini and micro E-mini member fees by one penny per contract. And we increased our non-member E-mini and Micro E-mini by a nickel per contract. Likewise, we increased our Bitcoin and our Ether futures member fees by $0.50 per contract and our non-member fees by $1 per contract.  We are also pleased with new product growth in our rates business. Putting our new 20 year U.S. treasury note features announcement into perspective, our ultra 10 year futures achieved a new all-time high annual ADV of 372,000 contracts in 2021. As we progress through the LIBOR transition, our SOFR futures now represent 95% of the average daily volume of all exchange traded SOFR futures and 98% of the open entry.  In January our SOFR futures products -- our SOFR products overall grew exponentially. SOFR futures achieved 731,000 contracts ADV, up 645% year on year. On February 3rd our SOFR futures and options achieved an open interest of 3.4 million contracts up 406% versus a year ago. Adding the open interest from our SOFR linked contract, which is how we refer to our Euro dollar futures and options that reference a LIBOR, which will be finally set after June 30th, 2023 to our SOFR futures and options open interest. The combined open interest is currently running at 17.45 million contracts.  Regarding our term SOFR index, we have already licensed 600 firms across the globe and across the financial banking, manufacturing and other industry.  And with that, I'll hand it over to Derek. 
Derek Sammann: Thanks, Sean. Looking at our commodities portfolio, we drove strong 2021 results across our global benchmarks with particular strength in the fourth quarter energy, which grew 16% year on year. In addition to hitting record agricultural products volumes in Europe and Asia in 2021, we also hit a new record monthly average daily loan in our micro WTI contract in November and set multiple records in our industrial metals portfolio, made up of copper, aluminum and steel.  On the client side, we continue to focus on expanding commercial customer participation and in 2021, these end user open interest orders were our best performing client segment overall. Additionally, to better serve our clients accelerating focus on environmental and sustainability concerns and the emerging risk management needs of these customers, I'm pleased to announce that we have created a new environmental products portfolio.  This portfolio aggregates the full range of our existing and planned environmental and sustainability linked products such as our market leading global emissions offset contracts, biofuels such as ethanol and other renewables and battery metals like cobalt and lithium, and will serve as a catalyst for our continued expansion across asset classes in this rapidly evolving space.  Customer demand is increasing for carbon and environmental products that facilitate broad participation and risk management needs across diverse industries and geographic limits. Our focus is on building tools to effectively manage their environmental risks and achieve their goals through the energy transition. Turning to our global options business, we delivered strong results again in 2021, up 6% versus 2020, finishing the year with a robust first quarter -- fourth quarter, up 58% as Terry mentioned. Our outstanding fourth quarter results were led by strength in our interest rates, equity index, and FX business lines as macroeconomic uncertainties and rate rise expectations filtered across global financial markets.  Our options growth was again driven by outsize growth outside the U.S. led by APAC, up 23% and EMEA, up 4%. Most importantly, our fastest growing options client segments for commercials and byside customers, which reflects our consistent focus on attracting end user customers to our markets. Our overall options growth was accelerated by the continued global adoption of our electronic front end CME Direct, which hit a new record number of active users in 2021, and drove a record for Globex revenues on this platform. CME Direct continues to be a key driver of our non-US growth, the average daily monthly users, trading booking via the platform in the fourth quarter, increasing 50% in Latin America, 18% in Europe and 10% in Asia versus fourth quarter 2020.  Finally, turning to our international business, having just taken over responsibility for this business in November, I'm excited to optimize this team's structure and mandate to ensure that we can continue to deliver outsized growth outside the U.S. to unlock the next leg of our global growth story. As Terry shared, we reached record annual non-U.S. ADV in 2021, which was bolstered by our strongest fourth quarter ever of 5.7 million contracts.  Given our success in finding and onboarding new global clients, we've specifically invested in new client facing headcounts in Asia to further strengthen the on the ground commercial resources, which will further accelerate this growth. Overall, we are very pleased with the continued success of our non-U.S. business and with 2021 revenues in excess of 1.1 billion, I look forward to generating continued outsized growth in both futures and options as we continue to add resource for this critical part of our global growth story.  With that, I'll turn to John to discuss the financial results. 
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Derek. During the fourth quarter, CME generated more than $1.1 billion in revenue with average daily volume up 26% compared to the same period last year. If you adjust for the impact of the creation of OSTTRA, our joint venture with IHS Markit, our revenue would have been up approximately 11% for the quarter. Market Data revenue was up 2% from last year to $142 million and up 6% for the full-year of 2021. Expenses were very carefully managed and on an adjusted basis, were $429 million for the quarter and $369 million excluding license fees. For the year, CME had adjusted operating expenses, excluding license fees of $1.468 million, which is $32 million below our revised guidance of $1.5 billion.  CME had an adjusted effective tax rate at 22.1%, which resulted in an adjusted net income attributable to CME Group of $607.5 million, up 22% from the fourth quarter last year, and an adjusted EPS attributable to common shareholders of a $1.66. The issuance of the Class G non-voting shares in November in conjunction with our partnership with Google impacted the calculation of EPS attributable to common shares.  These Class G non-voting shares have similar rights to common stock with the exception of voting rights and our convertible to common shares on a one to one basis. Had the Class G shares been converted to common shares at the date of the issuance, the adjusted EPS attributable to common shareholders would have been $1.68. We expect the EPS for the Class G and common shareholders to be the same going forward. Please refer to the financial results page of the executive commentary for further information.  Capital expenditures for fourth quarter were approximately $29 million. CME declared $2.5 billion of dividends during 2021, including the annual variable dividend of $1.2 billion, and cash at the end of the quarter was approximately $2.9 billion.  Turning to guidance for 2022, we expect total adjusted operating expenses excluding license fees, to be approximately $1.45 billion. We are expecting an improving business environment and our guidance 12 reflects that expectation. In addition to our expense guidance, we expect the investment related to the Google partnership and the move to their cloud platform to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million. A portion of these costs may be capitalized and we will update the guidance as the engineering and migration plans finalize.  Capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, are expected to be approximately $150 million, and the adjusted effective tax rate should come in between 22.5% and 23.5%.  With that summary, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Based on the number of analysts covering us, please limit yourself to one question, and then feel free to jump back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Dan Fannon from Jeffries. Please go ahead. 
Dan Fannon: Thanks, and good morning. John, I guess first with you on expenses, if you could maybe talk about what drove the delta versus your guidance and or just a conservative kind of start from I guess, where you ended the year in the fourth quarter and versus where you said youd end up. And then as we think about 2022 and the Google partnership, maybe beyond that, maybe the size of the -- and scope of the investment on a multiyear basis, and how we should think about that scaling or escalating from the numbers you gave in 2022?
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Dan. Appreciate the question. In terms of the delta from the guidance as you know, we were, as I said, in my prepared remarks, down about $32 million from our revised guidance of $1.5 billion, and that's $60 million below our -- the guidance that we gave at the start of the year, it's -- the difference is by three things. One is that, we achieved our run rate synergies earlier than expected. So our realized synergies were higher and that's about a third of the delta. And if you call last quarter, we announced that we hit our 200 million in run rate synergy target that we had set at the start of the next acquisition.  We still had limited travel and in-person events and our marketing spend was lower, that's another third of the difference. And the balance is really good expense management across the entire organization, including careful use of contingent labor. Also, we did experience some delays in delivery of technology equipment that led to lower technology expense. That's the balance. So that's the difference between the 1.5 billion revised guidance and the $1.468 million that we came in at.  In regards to your question around the Google multiyear investment, based on current trading activity, I would expect to invest on average a net of 30 million per year for the next four years as we look to move to the Google cloud platform, after which we would expect to be in a net positive cash spending position. We're going to update annually as the cost could fluctuate based on the order that applications are moved to the cloud and the speed of the migration.  So if we are moving to the cloud faster, you would see our expenses tick up to -- in order to move quicker to the cloud, which would be a good outcome as we want to move there as quickly as possiblereally to enjoy the benefits that we see of getting onto the cloud platform. So we look forward to bringing in new products to market faster, innovating quicker, and being more flexible and nimble than we are today.  So like I said, that's an annual, that's on average to 30 million. And like I said, it'll fluctuate. Also, it's important to note that, that's a cash outflow, a portion of that is it could potentially be capitalized. I would expect some of it to be capitalized and we'll update that as we get closer each year. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Alex Kramm from UBS, please go ahead. 
Alex Kramm: Yeah. Hey, good morning, everyone. Since you are just talking about the Google Cloud partnership on the cost side, maybe you can also talk about it around the revenue side and the opportunity set there, and maybe the excitement there. Like, what new sources of revenue could you theoretically generate or how might may your clients be able to engage with you easier? And then specifically any change for colocation revenues? I mean, that's a nice income stream. So just wondering if anything could change their overtime, given that you're moving to the cloud?
Terry Duffy: Alex, I think you asked a couple different questions around the revenue opportunities associated with Google. So I'm going to ask Sunil and Julie to comment on the colocation, with your final question, I believe John and I can tackle that. Why dont you start, Sunil? 
Sunil Cutinho: Thank you. Thank you, Terry. So I think for the first phase, we are aggressively focused on migrating clearing and enterprise business applications to the cloud. And as far as clearing applications are concerned, we are focused on actually moving foundational services to the cloud.  One key service that is client facing that we intend on delivering this year is CME's margin calculator. It complements an online risk engine that we already offer, but this one would be a calculator that would run on the cloud as an app, and it would allow our clients, our service providers, our clearing firms to actually spin up these calculation engines on demand as necessary throughout the day to calculate risk in real time. So, in terms of services, that's what we plan to offer.  I will pass on to Julie to talk about the data side -- on the Market Data side. 
Julie Winkler: Yeah. So as Sunil points out, you know, we have been engaging with customers since the announcement in November and one of the things that they definitely highlighted is the need to manage risk more in real time. And so we're -- we are really allowing our customers to help us prioritize this work.  The second area is really in Market Data and we see significant opportunities to deliver value to our customers in new ways. And, you know, we have an existing service that is live with GCC today with our smart screen product. We have 25 global customers that are in production. We have about 70 more in the pipeline. And so what's really planned next is really an acceleration of the data and products that we've put within that offering.  So, we'll be looking to add real time options data onto that platform, which we know there are a number of customers in the pipeline that have an interest in that. And then also, looking at other ways that we can use Google tools such as BigQuery, to make some of our large and certainly interesting data sets available to our customers through that offering.  So, you know, it's really a blend of both, our data and our intellectual property being used with Google tools and making us really kind of build that solid data foundation to make it easier and adding analytics to that as well. So a lot of that planning is underway now and we're quite excited of working with them. 
Terry Duffy: So Alex, on your last question, around the colocation revenue, which is a very nice revenue source for CME. I think it's a bit premature to judge what that revenue's going to look like one way or another. We have a lot of work ahead of us over the next couple years, as we've already outlined on moving markets to the cloud. So there's a lot to be done between now and then with that revenue potentially impacted.  But I will say, as we did this transaction and I work closely with John on this, we understand that the colocation revenue could be impacted down the road. Saying that, I also believe the savings and efficiencies of moving us into the cloud will well offset any expected revenue coming out to colocation. So I do believe the future is much brighter on this efficiencies and cost associated with the colo business.  So John, you want to add that? 
John Pietrowicz : Yeah. To your question, Alex, also what differentiates this relationship with Google versus a client vendor relationship is the innovation framework that we have set up with Google. So, yes, we are moving to the cloud but also, we have a framework set up so that we co-innovate with Google new products and services to deliver to our clients.  It's too early to say, what that is going to be? But we have a framework so that we will develop business plans together. We'll develop products and services together. And we're starting to see a little bit of it. Julie talked about utilizing some of their technology, like BigQuery. Google has invested significantly in obviously in their technology footprint and we get the benefit to leverage that in a way that others can't because it's a partnership versus a client vendor relationship. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Rich Repetto from Piper Sandler.
RichRepetto : Good morning, Terry. Good morning, John. And congrats to the strong start in January with your volumes. So I guess my question is more about here and now, or not the Google cloud but more 2022. And your stock is the only U.S. exchange stock up year-to-date. And I think everybody's looking at anticipating a bigger tailwind than you've had in regards to the volumes. So I guess, can you add, we all can do our studies on the global financial crisis and interest rate cycles, but I guess Terry, how -- is there anything incremental that you can give us or your investors about this year and the macro environment that gives us more comfort that say, the 24 million, 25 million contract in January is more sustainable this year?
Terry Duffy: It's really hard to predict future volumes as we've said since day one of taking the company public, Rich. And I know you're aware of that. I will say the following. I don't think any of us have ever seen the way the markets are setting up right now as it relates to pandemics, supply chain controls, inflation, nobody have seen in the last 20 plus years, especially on the inflationary front.  So I think the way our markets are situated, we've been able to continue to invest in different products, as I mentioned in my earlier comments, to generate revenues outside of our core product lines, which have grown this company. But when you look at what's in front of us, I would suspect that our core product should be -- continue to be very active like you saw in January.  Why is that? Because of all the fundamental factors that are not here just in the U.S. but across the globe. So this is something, a set up that I have not seen in my career in a very, very long time. I think the last time I saw something like this, I didn't know what it was, because I was a young trader in the early 80s, but that was the last time I can remember seeing a setup like this where the potential for risk management is going to be extremely critical.  Because I don't -- and Sean -- I'm going to let Sean comment in a moment, because he traded these markets from an interest rate perspective from the bank side. But I don't think we've ever seen a setup like this in modern times, Rich. So I'm -- again, I'm not sure if I'm happy about this or sad, because there's a lot going on in the world right now, but we need to make sure that we're focused on managing the risk to our Clearing division, putting out our data through Julie's division, making sure people have access to markets through our technology and offering efficiencies to our product sets. But I don't think I've ever seen a setup like this going forward. So I can't predict the future. I will say one thing, this is a very dynamic setup for us.  So Sean, you may want to add to that? 
Sean Tully: Yeah. So thanks, Terry. This is something we've been talking about, I think throughout the entire pandemic, which is that we saw that this cycle was completely different from the previous cycle. The amount of stimulus coming from both fiscal authorities, as well as the monetary authorities was completely unprecedented relative to the size of the problem.  And we've seen it now in the outcome, you've got an unemployment rate at 4%. You've got a record number of open positions in the United States that need to be filled. You've got an inflation rate running at 7%. You've got year-over-year wage growth at 5.7%. And you've got the Federal Reserves still buying securities at 0% or near 0% overnight rate. It's really unprecedented I think, in our history. We've got now 5 tightenings priced into the curve for the coming year. That's the first time I've seen that in a very long time. This reminds me during my trading career of late 1993, and what happened then in 1994 with 300 basis points of the Fed tightened in 94.  And all havoc, sorry, broke loose in 1994 with some of the largest bankruptcies in U.S. history. So let's see what happens. I think the setup is very strong. I think with 5 tightenings priced in for this year, I think every single fed meeting could be in play. That means that not only do you need the risk management on inflation around the long end treasury futures, not only need -- do you need our long term options, but you're also going to need to manage that FOMC meeting at every FOMC meeting.  So across the entire curve, whether it is each of the FOMC meeting results or its CPI releases or its long term inflation expectation, you're going to be needing our products, especially as the fed now reduces its balance sheet and actually starts tightening. 
Terry Duffy: So, Rich, I don't want to belabor the point, because there's a lot in front of us here, but I want to give you one example, which I think is real time. It's not just interest rates, this is the reason why CMEs multiple asset classes are critically important to risk management. When you look literally 20 months ago, April 20th, 2020, the price of West Texas Intermediate was minus 37.50, they were paying you to take the product. Today or yesterday, whatever it was, that market traded upwards of $92, $93 a barrel.  This is how fast it can turn in a cycle that no one's ever seen before. So just put a pen and paper not only to one asset classes, but across the world to multiple asset classes. So that's why I said that what I did at the outside of my comments about I've never seen this set up before, and I think that is the reflection of how volatile things can become from one day to the next. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Brian Bedell: I have few questions. I'll just ask one right now and get back queue. Maybe start with switching gears to the environmental products portfolio that you talked about. Can you just talk about maybe just if we can sort of carve out that portfolio, and think of the ADV that you're currently generating? And then talk about the potential for product innovation in this range of products, given that there's a lot of obviously new adoption and the profile of U.S. users versus the international users. And -- touches other categories like financials I know you have S&P, U.S. GDP futures for example. 
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Brian. Let me turn it to Derek Sammann who will address those. Derek. 
Derek Sammann: Yeah. Thanks, Brian. Good question. A couple questions, and I'll focus on the environmental piece of that that are specifically addressing sustainability and environmental risk management. And Sean can talk about the reference -- exposure, right --
Terry Duffy: Brian, you may want to hit your mute button. I think everybody might be in a little feedback off you. But go ahead. 
Derek Sammann: Yeah. And I'll turn it over to Sean to cover the indexes that track the sustainable companies themselves. So you may have seen a press release from us yesterday announcing a new product launch in our global emissions offsets futures products suite called as C-GEO contract that complements our GEO contract launched last year, its our global emissions offset contracts. We followed that with a N-GEO, which is our nature based global emissions offset contract. And we announced yesterday our C-GEO contract, and this is our core global emissions offset contract.  This is a contract that actually tracks and aligns with the core carbon principles, which is an emerging set of transparent and consistent standards around the supply chain of carbon credits overseen by the integrity council of the voluntary carbon markets. This is a rapidly evolving space, Brian. What you typically see us do is look at underlying physical or cash markets. And as they get to a point of liquidity, we then asses that and determine now is the point in time to accelerate the growth of that market by overlaying derivatives on top of that.  This market is moving so rapidly based on the commitment that the global companies have made to sustainability and managing carbon footprints that we have partnered exclusively with the largest voluntary carbon offset spot trading market, Expansive CDL, to be the exclusive provider of derivatives contracts on the back of these in the carbon market.  Overall, these products that we've launched last year have been a tremendous success in a market that literally, -- the spot market didn't exist two and a half years ago. This is a different market from the cap and trade programs that you see in Europe and in different states in the U.S., this is a voluntary or free market carbon offset that allows customers to have validated carbon credits that are validated by UN entities to then use those credits to offset risks globally. So think about this as a free market fungible product that can cover risks, whether you're in Europe, Asia, U.S., or otherwise. There's also a vintage associated with these. So these track the viability of those offsets over time.  This is in early stage in the development of this market, as I said, the cash market didn't exist two years ago. So we identified the leader in the space. We wanted to move forward aggressively and make sure that we were the go-to platform to embed environmental products carbon specifically into our markets and our success there has been very strong. When you look at what we've done since launch in 2021, we had over 57 million tons of CO2 equivalent traded between our two contracts that were live, our GEO and N-GEO contract. And over six and a half million offsets were delivered through seven successful cycles.  So this is a physically delivered product. These are emerging needs. We are going to see this become more and more a portion of every global company's risk management tool kit. Right now, it's early days, we're developing these markets. We have a long history of seen opportunities seen around corners and markets, investing in them and making sure that we're the winner.  So with that, we'll turn over and turn over to Julie. 
Terry Duffy: Yeah. Julie, you want to talk about the S&P or Sean, one of the two, you want to comment on that? 
Sean Tully : Yeah. So this is Sean jumping in on the financial side. CME now hosts the world's largest ESG contract by nominal value, the S&P 500 ESG index futures, which have -- reached an open interest of more than 4 billion in notional value. In January, we had a record volume day on Globex of 7,943 contracts more than 1.5 billion notional traded that day, which was very encouraging. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. 
Ken Worthington : Over the last four years, we've been in various market environments, various volatility levels, rate environments, futures volumes have been constant in 18, 19, 20 and 21 after rising a lot in 17, what should we think of as the natural growth rate of futures volume when holding all the sort of the macro factors constant? And as we think about CME initiatives from like new products, new customers, what should that add to annual growth to futures volumes over time? 
Terry Duffy : I'll start, and I think Sean and John and others can jump in. But when you say, the volumes have been constant, you're correct in your analysis. But the comment I made earlier is what I -- I truly believe this, is we're setting up for something that a lot of us have never seen before. So what does that mean for the out years going forward as you just pointed out from 17, going on to 18, 19 and 20. So I think it's going to be interesting to see if that pattern continues or do we see a whole new pattern of trade between the multiple asset classes for people to manage risk because of the fundamental macro factors that are going on throughout the world. So it's going to be quite interesting. I will say the following though, Ken, when you look at the efficiencies that CME has been able to effectuate for clients over the years, it's been quite a benefit for the clients to be able to make their capital more efficient for them to manage their risk here. So I anticipate us to continue down that path and to look for greater efficiencies. As you know, we're still finalizing some opportunities with our friends over at a Depository Trust Corporation to get margin offsets with our broker tech platform against our futures. That's out of our hands. We've done all we can from our side, we're waiting for the DTCC to finalize the approvals from the SEC. But that will be another efficiency, that's going to be very effective for clients to manage risk going forward.  So again, liquidity begets liquidity, we think this is another way that we will look at the markets going forward. But I think when you look at just the setup right now, it's very interesting for the out years. And I'll ask some of my colleagues to comment as well. 
Sean Tully : This is Sean, Ill jump in. As I started in my prepared remarks, 2021 volatilities across financial asset classes were significantly below normal. If you look at Euro dollar, for example -- the Euro versus dollar for exchange rate, which is the 12 percentile going back to at least 2007. Yen at 14 percentile, Sterling at the 21 percentile. If you look at the S&P 500, it was at the 39 percentile. If you look across our rates complex, it was generally around the 30 percentile going back to 2007.  So volatilities were extremely suppressed and depressed relative to a zero -- better reserve interest rate policy, overnight rate policy, as well as their purchase of securities. And as I said in my prepared remarks in the fourth quarter, we saw more normalized volatility, in particular closer to normal in both equities and rates. But foreign exchange remained well below historical norms. So I think you have to take the volatility environment into account. If you look at interest rate policy itself, 2016, 2017, 2018, the federal reserve was tight. So that's why we saw much higher volatilities in those years than we did last year. Hence the reason why our volumes and our revenues remained relatively flat, it was in a much, much lower volatility environment. We did have, on the back of that, as Terry mentioned in his prepared remarks, $500 million last year in that lower volatility environment that came from new product launch since 2010. And so with the growth of large open inter holders, the growth of customers and with a much -- with new product growth as well as a more normalized volatility environment, I would say, the results continue to grow. Julie? 
Julie Winkler: Yeah. And I think adding to that, right, you've heard us talk a lot about the evolution of our commercial model and also our focus on new client acquisition. And so when we look specifically at those new institutional clients that we were able to add to CME Group volume and revenue last year, 10% of those net new institutional clients came to us and were trading crypto, another 16% were trading the Micro suite. And so I think it speaks to that product innovation is helping to attract new customers.  And when we look over both our institutional and our retail new client base, we've generated over a billion dollars over the last five years that is completely net new revenue and new customers that are trading here. And so we believe with our commercial model we can continue to expand that, we're advancing our digital capabilities and personalizing things in ways that other companies are doing as well, but doing it in an accelerated fashion. So I think I'm optimistic about what we continue to do in the future. And John, do you have anything? 
John Pietrowicz : Yes. I think two other points. One we didn't really touch on here and that's innovation, right? So, part of the hallmark and one of the things that Terry has really instilled into the business is innovating. And when you take a look at product launch since 2010, we're generating about a $0.5 billion per year in products that had been launched since 2010. So meaningful innovation, that's driving meaningful revenue.  Second point, and Derek touched on it, and that was the globalization of our business. We've invested in sales force as Julie talked about, but that sales force is around the world. And right now we're approaching, we're right -- around 29% of our volume is coming outside of the United States generating close to about 38% of our revenue from -- 28% of our revenue from electronic trading from outside the United States.  Also did want to point out and Sean touched on, and that's pricing. He mentioned in his prepared remarks a couple of points around price increases that we've done in our equity complex. When I take a look at price adjustments we've made, and obviously we take a very targeted approach, all with the eye of not impacting volumes. But we did make pricing adjustments across almost all of our asset classes, and assuming similar trading patterns as last year, we would expect a 1.5% to 2% price adjustment against our revenues.  So the fees go into effect in February, as Sean mentioned, the major, the largest portion of the fee adjustments is in our equity complex and our equity complex is growing at 55% year to -- you so far this quarter, it's up in our Micros where we also made some adjustments, is up over 65% so far this quarter. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Simon Finch from Atlantic Equities. Please go ahead. 
Simon Finch: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I'm really interested in your thoughts around I guess, inflation, obviously inflation -- the expectation backdrop is fantastic from a volume perspective to you guys. And I'm curious as to how you're feeding that into I guess, into your operations and your expense expectations through fiscal year 22 based on your guidance? Certainly, noting that your compensation and salaries example, I think were held flat last year. So I was wondering what -- I guess how sustainable that guidance for expense in fiscal year 22 is, and how we should think about that? 
Terry Duffy: Thanks. We appreciate the question. John, why don't you touch a little bit on our expenses as it relates to inflationary times that we're all dealing with? 
John Pietrowicz : Sure. Yes. Yeah. Thanks Simon, for the question. When you take a look at our guidance and you adjust for OSTTRA and you adjust for our synergy capital, when I take a look at our core expense growth rate, our core expenses are growing at approximately a little over 3.5%. That's been at a higher expense growth rate than we've seen historically. We generally have been around the 3% growth rate. So we certainly are seeing some upward pressure on our costs.  Secondly, when you take a look at our guidance for next year, we also included approximately $30 million in costs related to improving business environment. So that would be -- about half of that 30 million is really related to increased travel and in-person events, and we've seen that starting to come through in the first quarter with more conferences, for example, being in person. Also, you know, we're expecting a higher marketing spend in next year.  The second half of that are the other 15 million, is related around growth initiatives that we have, specifically customer facing employees globally. And also, focused on new customer acquisition programs. So those are the two kind of pieces. It's something we certainly are workingdiligently on in terms of managing our costs. Our team has done a wonderful job, you know, across the entire organization in terms of managing our costs over the long run.  In fact, if you take a look at our cost base in 2018, and you adjust for our OSTTRA, you adjust for our -- you adjust for the synergies, the 200 million in run rate synergies that we achieved last quarter. And you assume that we had next for the full year in 2018, our costs have grown on a compound annual growth rate assuming we hit the 1450 in terms of our guidance at less than 3% per year.  So, you know, we've got a long history of being able to manage our costs across the entire organization. The entire team does a great job ensuring that we manage our costs as efficiently as possible.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. 
Alex Blostein : I was hoping to dig into the Market Data a little bit more. The revenue trends have been flat really over the course of most of this year. I know it's a big growth initiative with business. So maybe give us an update on how you're thinking about the growth prospects into 2022? And then, as a sort of related follow-up to that, I guess the discussion around Google with respect to market data and new analytics and tools you're planning to roll out. What's the timeline when you actually think these initiatives could help the revenues? 
Julie Winkler : I think, just a little bit in terms of the performance in Q4 of the Market Data business. As John pointed out, certainly up over Q4 of 2020 but on an annualized basis, up almost 6%. And so in Q4, what you're seeing little bit is some of the true ups that we had from a drive data licensing perspective that hit in Q3. We had a number of agreements that we reached with some banks. And so, that's something that then is built into the baseline, but is not something that we were able to replicate in Q4. So those types of things are just a little bit lumpy as we've talked about in the past with audits.  Our data business is strong, as we look across both the professional data subscribers, which is the 70% of that revenue, continues to be very solid. And a lot of the policy and pricing changes that we have made have driven that uplift in revenue that I talked about. So we feel very good about the direction of the business as well as the innovation we've been able to drive in putting our historical data on the cloud.  Your second question on where we will see some of that? I mean, as I mentioned earlier, we hope to be able to get that real time options data on in the JSON format onto that feed in -- within the next six months and are getting close there and believe that will help drive additional clients into that production environment, and utilizing a lot of these other tools with Google. As we mentioned, these are off the shelf tools that Google has today, and it will be relatively easy to put that into use as it relates back to smart stream.  A lot of the innovation that John spoke with earlier is definitely focused on our data and information. So we believe that there are definitely better ways that we can be packaging this data and information, and we'll be working with some of our clients this year for them to preview some of that. And we'll eventually be scaling it out to other customers. So, definitely I would say, a building a year but also something that we will have new products in market in 2022. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Owen Lau from Oppenheimer. 
Owen Lau : So on digital assets, could you please give us an update on your recent traction and conversation with investors for your Bitcoin and Ether futures product in light of the recent trading environment? And then on the new product launch, could you please talk about whether you have any near-term plan to launch more crypto derivatives product? And it'll be great if you can explain a little bit more on the approval process and the typical timeline from say, having a plan to actually launch on the product -- on the new product on the crypto side? 
Terry Duffy: On the digital assets, let me ask both Sean and Julie to make some comments and as it relates to new products, also Julie and Sean. So that's kind of in their domain. So Sean, you want to start? 
Sean Tully: Yeah. As I said earlier in January, we had an all-time record in our total crypto average daily volumes. We see our Bitcoin futures doing well at 8,900 contracts year-to-date ADV, our Ether futures at over 5,000 contracts, our Micro Bitcoin at over 17,000, and our new Micro Ether actually at over 23,000. So all of these contracts are doing quite well and thriving. In addition to that, as I mentioned earlier in the prepared remarks, we also recently increased our fees on both members and non-members on both our Bitcoin and our Ether futures. That again starts on February 1st.  In addition to that, we are of course planning new product. And we do have a very strong new product pipeline across the financials asset class, and we do have a strong product pipeline within our crypto area. We have not announced any new products recently, but I can assure you, we do have a strong product pipeline as we always do in this asset class as in other asset classes. And we will be announcing those as appropriate.  In terms of the time it takes to get the approval and in particular, in some cases you do need CFTC review, and in some cases you want the CFTC to approve. But I'll hand it over to Julie, to comment on that. 
Terry Duffy: Let me just jump in for a second, because I think your question, Owen, on the approval side is interesting because there's been a lot of noise and rhetoric around the cash side of cryptos with the SEC. Our process, as Sean laid out with the futures is, can either be a self-certification process or a full filing. So those full -- the self-certification process could be done in as little as 10 days to two weeks. The full approval, which the commission would have to find it novel and complex to go down that path of a full, could be several months. But again, they would have -- the clock runs on this unless there's an issue with the commission.  As you saw when we launched crypto currencies with Bitcoin, the first or the second exchange to do so I believe in 2017, that was a self-certification process. So you can kind of see the path that we go down as it relates to the derivative side of the crypto asset classes. So Julie, I'll turn it to you. 
Julie Winkler: Yeah, I'll just zoom out of it. I mean, I think in 2021 we launched over 75 new products, which is very consistent with what we have done in past years. And the success rate for those products just continues to trend higher and higher. And I attribute that, a lot of that to the active engagement we have with our clients before we roll those products out. And I think Ether and the entire Micro suite of new things that we introduced last year with the Micro WTI and Treasury Yield, these were some of the fastest growing products at CME Group, and they have brought new participants to the exchange from around the world that we pointed out.  I mean, the one thing that I think is interesting, specifically as we looked at the crypto activity from the first quarter of 2021 versus through what we saw in January, we're now seeing a double-digit participation on a percentage basis from the buy side. And so we have -- this is a key value proposition of our crypto suite, that we are a highly regulated, margined, cleared, risk managed shop here, and this is attractive to those buy side clients that are looking for access to that asset class. And the numbers here really point that out.  And I also think the whole experience, right, that we're bringing customers -- we are just seeing over 2 million visitors just to our website just to look at what our crypto offerings are. It's driving thousands of new leads for us. We're supplementing that with crypto events, and social posts and digital media, and that's all part of how we're going to continue to grow this business and be relevant to customers in the crypto space. 
Terry Duffy: Owen, hopefully that gives you a little. 
Operator: We will now take our next question from Kyle Voigt from KBW. Please go ahead. 
Kyle Voigt: I have a 2-part question on net investment income. So first part is just on the cash performance bonds, it looks like those increased to $158 billion in the fourth quarter. But if we go back to pre-COVID, so in 4Q '19, they're at $37 billion. So I guess you're over 4x higher today. So I guess as the Fed begins to tighten more meaningfully, should we expect that level of cash collateral to decline meaningfully from the current levels and just trying to get any sense of some normalized level there. And then the second part of the question is just around the net investment income capture rate. And is the last rate cycle still a good proxy to look at where I think you reached roughly 30 basis points in net capture rate at the peak of the rate cycle? Or is there something different to know for this hiking cycle?
Terry Duffy: Thanks. Let me turn it over to Sunil and give you some color as it relates to that.
Sunil Cutinho: Thank you, Terry. So when it comes to cash margin posted at the clearing house, it is a function of both the risk exposure and clients choice, right, among all the assets that they can post at the clearing house. We have a very flexible program and clients today choose cash. You're right that the interest rate or the opportunity to earn a return does play a fair role, but it is very hard for us as the clearing house to actually forecast what it's going to be in the future as the Fed changes rate. When it comes to the capture rate, again, it's very hard for us to give you an indication of how to model that because the rate that we have paid for deposits at the Fed are at the discretion of the Fed. And there is no guarantee that it will track any one of the publicly disclosed rates. So we -- this is one of the reasons we cannot give you a view into what these -- what to expect going forward. But at the moment, what we have is around -- it fluctuates, the cash margin is between $140 billion to $150 billion. That is in U.S. dollar equivalent terms and about 96% of it is at --
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Just to build on that for a moment because you asked about the capture rate. Currently, IOER is at 15 basis points, we rebate back to our clients 10 basis points, and we earn 5 basis points on that -- on those funds.  To your point, we did see an increase in average balances of about $6 billion. We went from about on average in the third quarter of $144 billion to $150 billion on average. So we did see an increase. So the amount of funds we earned from a CME perspective was about $1 million more this quarter than we did last quarter. Historically, if you look at over time, as the Fed increases rates, we often make adjustments as well in terms of our capture rate. But to Sunil's point, we're always looking at what are the alternatives that our clients have to invest their funds. So we want to be competitive to keep the cash levels up at the clearinghouse because it's: A, it's good for the -- from a risk management perspective, but also we earn on that as well.
Terry Duffy: Thank you. Kyle, hopefully, that gave you a little flavor.
Kyle Voigt: Yes. I was just -- if I could just follow up real quickly, just on the -- I think I asked about last cycle was around 30 basis points, was the net capture where we reached to. I mean, I guess, has anything changed in terms of what your -- what you want to pass through, I guess, that's essentially the question just because it is such a big line item now. So I just want to make sure that 80%, 90%, is that still a rough guide frame for kind of what you want to pass through to the end clients?
John Pietrowicz: Yes. I would say that that's the case. We haven't changed our point of view in terms of how we're managing that. Again, we are mindful in terms of what our clients can invest elsewhere and that also governs how much we rebate back to our clients. But we haven't changed our point of view in terms of how we manage that.
Terry Duffy: I think just to add to this and -- about. But John's point earlier about clients have alternatives. We want to make sure from a risk management perspective, we are balancing this in an appropriate way, not just to try to earn an extra $500,000 or $1 million. There's a lot more to it than just that.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Chris Allen from Compass Point.
ChrisAllen: I was wondering if you could provide some color just on plans for deployment around the $1 billion from the Google investment. CapEx this year is $150 million. Obviously, you have a healthy amount of cash generation. Just wondering how you plan on deploying that, whether there's a shift in capital priorities, so given the cash balances where they stand right now?
Terry Duffy: John?
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thanks, Chris. As we indicated at the time, we did the transaction with Google, the $1 billion was really going to be used to invest in the business. So part of that investment includes -- part of that investment includes obviously the migration onto the cloud platform, which we're very excited about. I kind of gave some highlights around what that would entail. Also, we are going to be looking at ways to accelerate the growth of the business through investing in the business. And we don't really have anything to share with you at this point. But we think that the focus is on growth here. And that's what we're intending to do with the cash.
Chris Allen: Just a quick follow-up on ways to accelerate, would you consider inorganic or just organic opportunities there?
John Pietrowicz: We're not limited in terms of how we're viewing the opportunity to invest in the business. I've been working with Terry for almost 20 years here now and in terms of M&A, and I don't think our view around inorganic opportunities has changed at all. We are always looking for ways to deploy the capital, whether it's in the business internally, organic growth opportunities or inorganic opportunities. We think about it from the point of view of how can we help our clients. And so we always look at things from our clients -- in our clients' shoes. Also, when we look at the M&A landscape and our opportunities to deploy capital, we're in a very strong position. We kind of highlighted today why we are pretty optimistic about the future here and we want to -- and so we are in a strong position as we look at opportunities.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Craig Siegenthaler from Bank of America.
Eli Molin: This is Eli filling in for Craig. So I was wondering, given that Fed funds haven't moved yet, even though they will and energy prices are already up a ton. I just wanted your perspective on the potential lead time between energy volumes and the rates volume curve? Or I guess said differently, do you think energy volumes are going to be peaking well before rates volumes just on timing?
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Eli. Derek, do you want to talk about the energy?
Derek Sammann: Yes. Great question. I think there's -- this cycle is a little bit different from previous cycles for a couple of different reasons. Structurally, as the global energy market is in a very different place than it was last time we had changes in rate cycles. If you look at whether it's a combination of, we talked about earlier, greenifying the balance sheets of a lot of companies, companies moving away from or trying to be part of the sustainability initiatives. It is -- it has promoted a lot of decisions to decrease CapEx in the development of oil infrastructure. So coming out of the pandemic, we have just reached the pre-pandemic levels of demand in crude oil, but yet we have not reached the level of production. So one of the major reasons we're seeing elevated prices here is we're seeing demand outstripping supply. And I think structurally, you're going to see less supply going forward than you had previously. So I think there's a couple of items going on. Number one, you're seeing crude push out through 1992, you're seeing demand outstrip supply. I think you're also seeing a divided world within energy of seeing what the future of crude oil looks like versus what the future of natural gas looks like. Certainly, the Russian-Ukraine tensions has created a whole new view of what a global benchmark looks like for natural gas and unquestionable, the U.S. as a swing producer in global crude oil market and absolutely in the nat gas market as well. The cap on demand or I should say, access to natural gas right now is a function of the LNG facilities coming online in the Gulf. There is 3 facilities online right now. There should be 2 more coming online in the next 2 years. The U.S. is pumping at max capacity, liquefying natural gas based on Henry Hub pricing. That's a market we own 80% of. And certainly, in a world in which you're seeing global energy concerns at the forefront of domestic policy in Europe you'll see a greater push to see imports of U.S.-sourced LNG priced on Henry Hub, that market that we're 80% market share of, as a continued demand. The last piece of this, and this is why it's different from previous years, Europe has actually just deemed both natural gas and nuclear as green fuels. So this will be not only -- the natural gas story isn't just a story of transition to sustainability, that is a long-term part of the overall energy story for a long time to come. So we'll continue to grow and expand our footprint there, and you'll see us continue to accelerate global adoption in our markets. And your last point, we've seen an acceleration of volumes and participation in Q4 and coming into Q1 in energy. So we're excited about that, we think we're well positioned.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Derek. Thanks, Eli. I appreciate the question.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Michael Cyprys from Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: I wanted to ask about crypto. You guys have Bitcoin and Ether futures and have been successful there. I guess just broadly, how do you think about potentially extending into the underlying physical token market? And to what extent could it make sense for CME on that front, but even potentially opening up your platform to bring retail investors in more directly with your exchange wrapped even with crypto wallets on the physical side, which gets to a broader question around how do you see the market structure developing in crypto versus other asset classes? And what do you think it's going to take to be successful, to be a dominant player within the trading of digital assets?
Terry Duffy: Well, Michael, that was a lot of questions and comments in one question, but I will say that, listen, the crypto space, and I've said this over the last several years, appears to be here to stay, and we are here to facilitate the risk management of these products. As Sean referenced a moment ago, we're looking to roll out new products. We have not announced what those crypto products are yet, but we have been successful, as Julie pointed out, in the ones we have to date.  As far as going into the cash side of the business, that's a very crowded field right now, to say the least. In the cash crypto trading, we are a dominant listed on the crypto side in the futures point of view. So we want to maintain our presence in the listed market and the regulated market, so we'll wait and see as it relates to how it shakes out on the cash side.  One of the things that we've been very successful at is to create with our next transaction in marrying cash markets with futures markets and creating efficiencies. This is something that I will have the team continually look at. It's not saying that we're going there, but we will look at the efficiencies and the growth of this market. But it's a very crowded market right now on the cash side.  Again, on the listed side, I think we're doing quite well. And again, we were "a walk before you run" in this asset class has been the way I wanted to approach it. This is a contentious product line. And so we're a highly regulated entity. And reputationally, I want to make sure that we're always doing the right thing. So we are doing everything I believe that we can do at this particular moment with our eyes set at new opportunities going forward.  And as it relates to the retail, our micro contracts are already attracting that retail crowd that you're referencing today that are trading some of the cash platforms that are trading in the futures on the smaller crypto products that we have listed. So I think the long -- the short answer is, Michael, more to come as it relates to some of our newer products. But again, the only way that I would look at the cash side is if we can create efficiencies against our futures portfolio. So not saying we can or we can't, but that is one thing I'm looking at.
Operator: We will now take a follow-up question from Alex Kramm from UBS.
AlexKramm: Sorry, I realized we're way into overtime here. But a couple of follow-ups to squeeze in here, and those should be quick. You mentioned the SOFR term license and how many people you've licensed this out to. I would assume this is kind of like a utility kind of benchmark like LIBOR was. But maybe elaborate if you're actually generating revenues on that and if there's opportunity for maybe some analytics products, et cetera? And if you're looking at this as a revenue opportunity?  And then another very quick follow-up to the question earlier on cash deployment. With the S&P Global IHS Markit deal closing here imminently, just wondering if you could estimate how big the check will be that you'll have to write them to keep your stake in the index franchise JV unchanged?
Terry Duffy: First of all, let me answer the last one first. I don't think anybody announced that we're writing a check for the increase in -- with S&P Global yet. That is something obviously, we'll talk with them as they close their transaction. It's a little premature to make that assumption just yet, Alex. So I'll be careful with assuming that until that deal is closed. I agree it should be closing shortly, but we've been hearing that for quite some time now. So we'll wait until that is done. We do like the indices businesses. We've been very success with it. We think that the credit indices that are coming in from IHS and S&P Global could be very attractive for CME. And we do like those businesses. So there's no question about it. But again, I want to be -- I don't want to get over in front of us until that deal is closed to talk about what kind of check we may or may not be writing. There's a lot more to it than just that. Let me also revert back to Julie on the first part of the question.
Julie Winkler: Yes. Thanks for the question, Alex. Yes. As Sean pointed out in his remarks, we have licensed since July, over 600 entities for the term SOFR. And so that's going to apply to licenses across both real-time and historical data. And it is generating 7-digit annualized revenue for us and another almost 400 firms in the pipeline.  So what the opportunity is here is both for direct data revenue as well as we believe cross-sell opportunities. So we're seeing really strong traction with global investment banks, regional banks around the world, both in the U.S. and APAC and also just getting into some new areas with people that CME has not traditionally worked with. So global trade finance, commercial real estate firms, export import and development banks, structured finance.  And so as we are engaging with those customers, specifically to license them, those become the new client opportunities that our sales team will be very actively talking to them about the whole suite of products and services that we here. So we see this as a great opportunity and continues to be a key part of really supporting the growth and transition from LIBOR to SOFR that Sean and his team are working on with us as well.
Terry Duffy: Okay. Alex, did that address both of your questions?
AlexKramm: Fantastic.
Operator: We will now take our next follow-up question from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell : Just a quick 2-parter hopefully. Just one, I wanted to just circle back, Derek, on your comments on the environmental. I don't know if you have the ADV from just that environmental products portfolio that you cited maybe just for January, just so we could base growth off of that. I know -- I realize it's very early. So -- and then the second part is just, Sean, if -- we talked a lot about the short end of the curve, but maybe your view on the potential for an increase in supply of hedgeable treasuries into the market after quantitative tightening over the long term.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Brian. Go ahead and start, Derek, and we'll go to Sean on the deliverable supply issues or the supply of treasuries.
Derek Sammann: Thanks, Brian. So when you look at specifically just the carbon products alone, for example, right now, this is a brand-new market. I mean the leading cash market out there, CBL- Xpansiv is trading a couple of hundred million dollars a day equivalent in the spot market and that's the largest market we have. So right now, those volumes just in the carbon market are in the kind of low single hundred digits right now, open interest records around 10,000 right before we closed that at year-end.  So this is a low -- it's going to be a low build, which is why we're saying, this is an investment in making sure that we're locking up the best partners right now plus this energy transition could be decades long. So we're making sure that, as we always do, seeing around corners, seeing how the market's evolving, working with our customers, understand what their needs are so that we can position ourselves as the risk management tool and price discovery center of choice.  We'll start to be presenting that environmental products portfolio view out to differently in the coming months because we're going to be wrapping in their products that have rather substantial volumes right now in the biofuels, ethanol products, alongside battery metals, et cetera. So it's -- we've developed it to be able to manage it as a portfolio. So we'll be able to present that to you a little bit differently as we manage it and grow that globally. But right now, this is a low single hundreds, low single thousands ADVs, and the open interest in the tens of thousands right now. So growing, but it's going to be a slow build.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Derek. Sean, on the supply after the Fed decides to tighten up a little bit?
Sean Tully: Yes. Thanks, Brian, and thanks, Terry. We are very pleased last year with all-time record volumes in our treasury futures, our ultra 10-year treasury futures normally. In terms of the upcoming potential for quantitative tightening as well as supply, the Treasury did announce a slight reduction in the long-term issuance in the most recent release. However, that will be offset with the expectations of the Federal Reserve in reducing their quantitative easing. And then in the coming year, probably moving towards a quantitative tightening. So in the very short term, probably it looks like the amount of quantitative easing the Federal Reserve is still may offset the reduction in quantitative easing will offset the reduction in issuance. Longer term, remember what happened with our volumes in 2018 -- 2017, 2018, that period of time when the Federal Reserve actually started to sell U.S. treasuries. And we do expect in the cycle that, that will happen at some point, and that with the combined record debt record issuance and potential for quantitative tightening that our products will be needed much more than ever before.
Terry Duffy: As Sean has always said, Brian, that Fed doesn't hedge their balance sheet. When they sell them, the people that buy them, they have no choice but to hedge that balance sheet. So to Sean's point, when you saw the increase of volumes in the time period he referenced, that's a portion where the Fed is not increasing their balance sheet, they're selling treasuries and the folks that are buying them need to hedge those. That's why we do quite well in that scenario. So again, there's no guarantees, but we believe it's setting up in a very similar pattern.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Terry Duffy: Well, let me thank all of you for joining us on today's call. We appreciate it very much. Obviously, we're excited by the quarter. We're excited by the beginning of 2022. As I said, the landscape at the way it's setting up, we are in a position to continue to help people manage their risks to these most difficult times that we all live in. So please all stay safe and healthy, and we look forward to seeing you all soon. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the CME Group Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier: Thank you and good morning, everyone. I hope you are all doing well. I am going to start with the Safe Harbor language, then I will turn it over to Terry and our team for brief remarks followed by your questions. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statement. Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Lastly, on the final page of the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terry Duffy: Thank you, John and thank you all for joining us this morning. We released our executive summary, as John said, which provided extensive details on the third quarter of 2021. I have John, Sean, Derek, Sunil, Julie Winkler on the call this morning, and we all look forward to addressing any questions you have. Before I begin, in addition to John, who will discuss the financial results, I am going to have Sean and Derek to make some comments. With all the recent news associated with interest rates and energy, I thought it was important that they present this morning. With that, we delivered solid volume during the third quarter of this year as we averaged 17.8 million contracts per day, which was up 14% versus third quarter last year. We saw year-over-year strength in our interest rates and energy businesses and saw significant options growth of 45% during Q3. Rates average daily volume rose 53%, including 78% growth in Eurodollars and 41% growth in treasuries, as the expectations of future rate hikes has increased. We continue to launch innovative new products, tools and services to support customer needs, including additions to our suite of micro-sized contracts that allow market users to customize their trading and hedging as well as ESG-focused futures contracts that help manage climate-related risk. In terms of specific products and services, we had two consecutive quarterly ADV records and so for futures in Q2 and Q3 as the market continues to manage their interest rate risk ahead of key transition deadlines. Bitcoin futures, ADV increased 170% compared with the third quarter last year. Ether futures are also off to a good start since their launch in the first quarter this year. In September, we launched the derivatives industrys first ever sustainable clearing service to help market participants, track and report on how their hedging activities are advancing their sustainable goals. Finally, Micro WTI and Micro Treasury yield contracts began trading in July and August respectively. The Micro WTI contract represents the most successful commodity product launch in our history, with over 1 million contracts traded within the first 20 days and a total of 4.3 million contracts traded since July 12 launch. Most importantly, this innovative new contract is attracting new customers to our energy market as evidenced by the fact that almost 10,000 Micro WTI market participants have not traded any other CME Group crude oil product in 2021. You will hear more about this in a moment from both Derek and Sean respectively. In the third quarter, non-U.S. ADV was up 13% to 5 million contracts per day. We saw 15% growth in Europe, 8% growth in Asia, 32% growth in Latin America, and 10% growth in the U.S. Also during the quarter, we completed our joint venture with IHS Markit and together, launched, OSTTRA, a leading provider of progressive post-trade solutions for the global OTC market across interest rates, equities, FX, and credit asset classes. Turning to Q4, we have had a strong start so far in October, averaging more than 20 million contracts, which is an increase of 35% month-to-date compared to the same point in October last year. Interest rates in energy are up double-digits, with rates up 90%. With that, let me turn it over to Sean to give you more flavor as it relates to interest rates.
Sean Tully: Thank you very much, Terry. As Terry said, the financials unit saw a number of significant developments in the third quarter, particularly regarding SOFR, the overall rates market and our crypto business. Our silver futures saw average daily volume grow to 124,000 contracts per day in the third quarter, up over 180% year-over-year and our open interest grew to over 1 million contracts, up 140% year-over-year. Additionally, in the month of October, we are seeing average daily volume of 227,000 SOFR futures contracts and open interest of 1.2 million contracts. Over the last 60 days, our SOFR futures ADV made up over 78% of the global SOFR futures volumes and our open interest represents approximately 95%. Further, on July 29, the Alternative Reference Rate Committee of the Federal Reserve endorsed CMEs 1-month, 3-month and 6-month term SOFR rates. And on September 19, CME began publishing a 12-month term SOFR rate as well. Demand for access to our term SOFR rate is very high, as we have already executed more than 100 term SOFR licenses to market participants and we are currently working with an additional 300 firms who are also interested in licensing. Our fallbacks for Eurodollar futures and options have also been a very strong success since we finalized our rulebook back on March 29. SOFR-linked open interest includes SOFR futures as well as Eurodollar futures and options that reference a LIBOR rate, which will be set after June 30, 2023. Those contracts have grown from 11.8 million open interest on March 29 to 16.3 million open interest as of October 25, up 38%. Further, the average daily volume of our SOFR-linked futures and options in Q3 was 1.6 million contracts, representing 52% of CMEs total short-term interest rate ADV. In addition, our long-held view regarding the rates market environment continues to gain veracity. Using CMEs FedWatch tool, we can see the market is now pricing in a 60% chance of tightening by June 2022, up from just 17% just 1 month ago. Our FedWatch tool also now indicates an 87% chance of at least two Fed tightenings by the December 2022 FOMC meeting. In Q3, the improving rates environment, as Terry said, led to a 53% growth in our interest rates ADV versus third quarter of 2020. Nonetheless, rate volatility, while higher in the third quarter of 2021 than it was in recent quarters, remained historically quite low. For example, in the eighth quarterly Eurodollar futures, it achieved just the 37th percentile of volatility versus a history going back to 2007. And our 10-year note futures achieved only a 25th percentile volatility rank showing the current volatility even in Q3 was very low. Regarding CME Groups crypto offering, first, let me say, the recent approval of ETFs based on CME Bitcoin futures is not only an important milestone for our futures contracts, but also a positive development for the broader Bitcoin ecosystem. This is a direct reflection of the strong growth and clients demand for exposure to Bitcoin via CMEs transparent, deeply liquid and regulated cryptocurrency futures contracts. The launch of ETFs based on CMEs Bitcoin futures is validation from the industry of what we have known for some time, that CME Bitcoin futures are the leading source of Bitcoin price discovery in the industry. Two new Bitcoin ETFs were launched just last week and another this morning, both of which are based  or all three of which are based on CMEs Bitcoin futures. On the back of those launches, our Bitcoin futures, October ADV has risen to over 12,000 contracts or over 60,000 equivalent Bitcoin with a record $3.5 billion per day, up 57% over September. Additionally, average open interest in our Bitcoin futures has grown to a record 17,433 contracts, up 70% versus September. Our Micro Bitcoin futures volume is also up 33% month-over-month and our average open interest is up 97% month-over-month. With that, I will turn it over to Derek.
Derek Sammann: Thanks, Sean. As Terry mentioned at the top of the call, we have seen a strong return of activity in our global energy business in the second half of this year with both crude oil and natural gas prices hitting multiyear highs. Overall, this has helped our global energy business to deliver average daily volume growth of 18% in the third quarter, led by energy options, up 26% year-on-year. WTI futures reached the $84 a barrel mark earlier this month for the first time since 2014, as OPEC maintained caution on production increases and as U.S. shale steadily recovers from the 2020 decline. Prices were further boosted from returning global demand as economies reopen. In the U.S., gasoline consumption reached 10 million barrels a day in July, marking an all-time monthly high. Activity in WTI crude oil futures saw a 26% jump in average daily volume in the third quarter to 990,000 contracts; the WTI options average daily volume jumping 45%, 129,000 contracts. This helped us to deliver strong daily volume growth in our refined products portfolio as well with a gasoline product volume of 20% to 196,000 contracts and our heating oil products daily trading volume, up 10% to 154,000 contracts. This has helped set the stage for the significant success that we have delivered with our Micro WTI futures contract. Launched on July 12 of this year, as Terry mentioned, we surpassed 1 million contracts traded in the first 20 trading days and we have already traded more than 4.3 million contracts since launch. Most importantly, this innovative new contract is attracting brand new global customers to our energy market as evidenced by the fact that almost 10,000 Micro WTI customers have not traded any other CME Group crude oil product in 2021. These new customers come from 118 different countries and represent over 50% of our Micro WTI customer base. So, this has been a significant source of new client acquisition for us. At the same time, we have also seen the natural gas market experience the highest price level in over 13 years, with U.S. Henry Hub futures hitting a high price of $6.45 earlier this month, more than tripling in price from the COVID-driven March 2020 lows. The resulting increase in volatility has boosted our Henry Hub futures business, with September average daily volume of 496,000 contracts, up 11% year-on-year. Henry Hub options were particularly strong in the third quarter, with average daily volume up 18% to 124,000 contracts, achieving our best months of August and September ever. Participation has been strong from our commercial customers and we have seen our natural gas futures and options open interest jump to 6.2 million contracts in September, which is the highest level we have seen since January 2018. So overall, we are seeing that the investments we are making in our product portfolio, our global client developments and our technology pay strong dividends as market volatility returns, as our customer base manages their energy risk and CME Groups global benchmark products. With that, I will turn over to John to discuss the financial results.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Derek. During the third quarter, CME generated more than $1.1 billion in revenue, with average daily volume up 14% compared to the same period last year. Expenses were very carefully managed and on an adjusted basis, were $412 million for the quarter and $355 million, excluding license fees. CME had an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.3%, which resulted in an adjusted diluted EPS of $1.60, up 16% from the third quarter last year. Capital expenditures for the quarter were approximately $33 million. CME paid out more than $300 million of dividends during the third quarter and cash at the end of the quarter was approximately $1.6 billion. At the start of September, CME and IHS Markit launched OSTTRA, our post-trade services joint venture. As a result, CME will no longer be recording revenue and expenses associated with our post-trade businesses, but will be recording our share of the joint venture earnings in the equity and net earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries line out of our income statement. For the month of September, CME would have recorded approximately $22 million in revenue and $11 million in expenses, but instead recorded approximately $8 million in our share of the adjusted earnings of the joint venture. When you take into consideration tax implications and providing support services for the joint venture, there was essentially no impact to our overall earnings. Turning to guidance, we now expect total adjusted operating expenses for 2021, excluding license fees and reflecting the impact of our joint venture to come in at approximately $1.5 billion, down about $30 million from our guidance at the start of the year. All other guidance remains unchanged. Finally, we are very pleased to say we achieved our planned $200 million in cumulative run-rate expense synergies related to the NEX acquisition this quarter. Please refer to the last page of our executive commentary for additional financial highlights and details. We would like to now open up the call for your questions. Based on the number of analysts covering us, please limit yourself to one question and then feel free to jump back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will go ahead and take our first question from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.
Rich Repetto: Yes, good morning, Terry and good morning, John and team. Thanks for the macro update, because there is certainly a lot of things going on. But on the Bitcoin futures ETF, Terry, besides just industry validation, I think it was regulatory validation of both the CFTC and your regulatory regime you have for the product as well. So, I guess my question is, what kind of precautions are you taking  when I am talking about position limits basically to ensure that the role and  is as efficient as possible and we know there is some volume being generated by these ETF manufacturers?
Terry Duffy: Rich, thank you. Its a great question. I appreciate you asking it, but the ETFs, as Sean stated in his comments, I think are very exciting for  to be based off of CME futures. I think that in and of itself lends to the credibility of our product as a listed futures exchange and the regulation thereof. To get more directly to your question around position limits associated with it, they are an important component to any credit market when you have a highly regulated entity like CME. So, the existing position limits in our Bitcoin futures today, as you may or may not know, is 2,000 for spot and then we have accountability levels going back into deferred months that are much larger than that. But the spot month will go to 4,000 in November and we feel very confident from a risk perspective that we are not being reckless in any which way, shape or form that this has been vetted to our entire team here and with the agency. So we have filed for those changes. We were confident that the product is mature enough now to increase the size of the limit. So again, we will be careful here, Rich. This product, we launched in 2017, not 1917. So, this is a newer product, a newer asset class and we will be very, very cautious here, but again, we are excited by the uptake and the credibility associated with power shares and some of the other ETFs that decided to benchmark against our futures contract.
Rich Repetto: Thank you. Very helpful, Terry. Thanks.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go ahead and take our next question from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping to get a little bit more color on expenses, John. So the implied guidance with the adjustments, I assume some pickup in the fourth quarter. Could you maybe explain a little bit just in terms of the ramp in the 4Q? But then given all the moving parts as we think about next year, I know its a bit early. Maybe give us some framework to think about with the JV coming out, the synergies being realized and then the broader kind of inflationary pressures we are hearing across kind of the employment and other kind of cost factors to think about as we think about 22 and beyond?
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thanks, Dan. Appreciate the question. So in terms of our expense guidance, we did reduce our expense guidance after you adjust for the OSTTRA joint venture by an additional $15 million. So were about $30 million down from our original guidance at the start of the year. When you think about what weve done on the expense side, this entire CME team has done an excellent job managing our costs. We continue to have that as a strong focus. And to put kind of our expense management into perspective, after adjusting for the creation of OSTTRA, were about $12 million down from last years adjusted expenses and almost $100 million down below 2019 levels. When you look at our reduction of the $15 million, about half of that reduction reflects lower expected travel and in-person events. As you recall, at the beginning of the year, we had about $20 million we put in the back half of the year, assuming that we would be able to have additional travel. But as you can see, there is still limitations on travel, especially international travel. We have been seeing additional pickup in meetings, especially in Europe and London, in particular, but still international travel is still a little bit tough. And the balance is really  of our reduction in terms of our guidance is just excellent continued expense control by the entire team, including careful hiring and careful use of contingent labor. When you take a look at 2020s fourth quarter and 2021s fourth quarter, we do see a pickup in costs. The fourth quarter is traditionally our highest expense quarter. Historically, marketing and advertising spend tend to be highest in the fourth quarter along with higher project spending as we wind up the current year and prepare for the next year. The spending this year reflects that same pattern, and we anticipated a higher-than-normal proportion of spend when we built out our spending plans at the start of the year. We expect higher levels of spend in marketing and advertising, including targeting a portion of that spend on our successful micro products and in anticipation of a more open operating environment in 2022. Were also investing in system projects, including the migration of EBS and streaming services, which would lead to more technology-related costs. Also, our incentive compensation is anticipated to be higher in the fourth quarter of this year than the fourth quarter of last year. So those are some of the items which are causing the fourth quarter this year to be higher than the fourth quarter last year. But overall, for the entire year, some really impressive expense controls by the entire organization. So in terms of thinking about modeling for next year, were going through the budgeting process now. So its really too early to provide guidance. We are hopeful for a more normalized environment, which would be positive for our business. When looking at 2022, there are a couple of things to keep in mind. We did postpone salary increases in 2021 and for our staff, and we dont anticipate doing the same this year for 2021  I mean, sorry, for 2022. Also in an open business environment, which is obviously extremely fluid, we would anticipate increased travel, both regionally and globally, and more in-person events, which we would view as positive from a business perspective. But again, in November, its a little tough to see that in 2022 yet. So we will provide some additional guidance when we do our earnings in February. We are starting to see some of that open up, like I mentioned before, in Europe. We will continue to invest in our systems and technology capabilities with an eye towards accelerating growth globally. It is our intention that we will continue our excellent expense management as we build out our plans for next year. So that should give you a little bit of a flavor in terms of 2022.
Dan Fannon: Great, thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Alright. We will go ahead and take our next question from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Thanks, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to dig into market data a little bit. Its been flattish over the last three quarters. I think there were some pricing adjustments that should result in slightly better near-term trends. So maybe kind of walk us through sort of whats been going on behind the scenes and market data and how youre thinking about growth in that business going forward. Thanks.
Julie Winkler: Thanks for the question, Alex. The data business has really been quite stable, as you point out. So this quarter coming in at $145 million, we were up 4% where we were in Q3 of 2020. So the number of professional subscribers that were seeing for our real-time business, which is the bulk of the revenue, has been steady. And the price increase that we saw $5 per user has been realized. The big difference that we saw between Q2 and Q3 results were really audit findings, were down about $2 million, which, again, is quite difficult to forecast and ones that is really just the timing of audits that we have underway with our clients. So Sean had mentioned, too, at the beginning of the call, right, a lot of the focus for the team. Particularly, the data sales team has been on the term SOFR rate. Weve got a tremendous amount of client engagement going on there with 100 licenses already done within the last quarter and 300 more in the Q. We are also continuing to see great uptake of those non-display policies and pricing that we introduced at the beginning of the year as well as our derived business performing very strongly and lastly, just continue to see adoption of our cloud offering with Google on Smart Stream. So I think the growth is still there. Its just  again, the real difference in Q3 was based on the audit.
Alex Blostein: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Alright. We can go ahead and take our next question from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to ask about open interest in the aggregate. Open interest is still hovering around 100 million contracts, more or less, and its been anchored there for a little while. And CME has been highlighting all these great things that have been happening. Weve got a ton of innovation, building SOFR, the build-out of the micro products, the strength in energy. And in the macro, youve seen some rate movements at the 10-year in anticipation of higher rates at the short end of the curve and the commodity super cycle and the huge debt issuance you guys have highlighted. When do you think CME will start to see all these good things start to flow into the open interest growth? Whats the outlook? When does the good translate into OI?
Terry Duffy: Alex, its Terry  or its Ken, Im sorry. Ken, its Terry Duffy. Im going to let Sean comment, maybe Sunil, as well, but let me give you a broad comment here. The open interest of 100 million to 109 million contracts open, which I think is what youre referring to, the trend over the last several  probably a year or so since we came off of the high of 150. A lot of it is reflected in the interest rate business. Were going through a massive transition, as Sean pointed out earlier, from LIBOR to something else we suspect as SOFR, and people are trying to adjust associated with that. Were also seeing the low vol still thats  even though weve seen an uptick in some of the things that youre referencing, the volatility is still significantly lower not only in interest rates but FX. Im talking from a historical standpoint. That is changing. Youre correct in your comments. The question is when does it reflect an open interest. We believe there is open  the participants are in there, participating. But you got to remember our open interest today is a little bit different than it was just a couple of years ago. We didnt have weekly options on a lot of these products. We didnt have some of the expirations constantly coming on and off. So people are taking exposures for projected periods of time, might be days versus quarters like that it was historically. So were seeing people manage their risk in a little bit different way, and I think thats reflective of the open interest as well. So I think those are all a lot of factors going into it, fundamental being the main one, but a lot of it is some of the products, the way we offer people to manage risk right now, which I dont see that as a bad problem. I see that as a good problem because open interest, we dont get paid for. We get paid for transactions. And the way were structuring it now, I think thats a much more powerful offering. But the open interest is a reflection of future trade. Weve always said that the people, and we still believe in that. But at the same time, were seeing people participate in the market because of what I just outlined a moment ago with options and other products to transition from one rate to another, the fundamentals and foreign exchange being extremely quiet. And were also seeing massive directional changes in energy. As Derek pointed out earlier, we went from just 1.5 years ago to minus $37.50 to $84 a barrel. So you think about the massive directional participation in the marketplace has been truly one way, and a lot of people just dont believe that you can go from minus $37 a barrel to $84 a barrel in 1.5 years. So I think its just an adjustment to the world that we live in today and people will, again, participate and holding more and more open into. But right now, I dont see it as a bad problem because of what we  what I just outlined. And Ill ask Sean to comment more.
Sean Tully: Yes. Thank you, Terry. And thank you, Ken, for the question just very briefly in terms of the numbers, year-over-year, the open interest rate is up 14%. In equities, its up 13%. In foreign exchange, its up 22%. So a very strong year-over-year growth. In addition to that, another number we track very closely is the number of large open interest holders as reported by the CFTC. If you look at the second quarter of this year, and if you look across the financials products, rates, equities and foreign exchange, the average large open interest holder number across the second quarter was an all-time record high for the combined three asset costs. If you look at the third quarter, we beat the second quarter. So Ive had two back-to-back all-time record numbers of large open interest holders on average. If you look at our interest rates business, the most recent numbers from the CFTC indicate the rates business is just 1% below its all-time high and large open interest holders, and the foreign exchange business similarly is just a couple of percentage points below its all-time high. But I think, overall, the marketplace is extremely healthy and doing well. I dont know if...
Terry Duffy: And I dont want to think were dodging the question because I think your question, Ken, is based on 150 million OI, which was a record open into several years ago. So I think what Sean is giving you is coming off of a different base, obviously. So we dont want to be disingenuous either, but they are what they are. Weve gone through a lot here in the last couple of years with pandemics uncertainty. People are not sure how they are going to manage risk, but I think were starting to see a return to that. And Seans numbers are reflective of that. And I think thats whats positive as far as the open interest story goes.
Ken Worthington: Great. Thank you very much.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Alright. We will take our next question from Chris Allen with Compass Point.
Chris Allen: Good morning, everyone. I was hoping you can give a little bit more color on OSTTRA just in terms of maybe what were the revenues that were included in the P&L for 3Q, i.e., before separations in September. And also, what were the year-to-date expenses you can kind of think about whats kind of the adjusted starting point as we kind of contemplate for next year?
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thanks for the question. This is John. So yes, were very excited about the launch of OSTTRA. We think its going to be very positive for our customers. Itll  we will be able to offer them new and innovative products, improved workflow and analytics. And also, were going to be well positioned to really support the global banks, in particular, so very excited about OSTTRA. Weve, like I said, launched it in early September. Weve got an integration plan that is being executed right now. And so far, weve been very pleased with the leadership there and working with our partners at IHS Markit. So in terms of  under break down in more detail the impacts for the month of September and  which will be helpful. And then we could talk a little bit about what it looks like kind of going forward. So, in terms of revenue, like I said in my prepared remarks, its about $22 million in revenue for the month September, we would have booked had we not launched OSTTRA. Of that, $7 million is in transaction fees and $15 million is in the other revenue line. From an expense perspective, it was about $11 million for the month of September, about $7 million of that was in compensation and the rest was split between technology, other and pro fees. In the equity and earnings section, equity and net earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries was $8 million in that line, that $8 million is net of tax. And then we had $1 million in the other line in that section of our income statement. Obviously, when we had the company before the formation of OSTTRA, you would have the tax effect, the $11 million in operating income. So, when you net all that out, its really no impact for the month of  for September. Now, looking at the expense level, the expense levels have been very constant in the $11 million range. So there is very little in the way of volatility over the last several quarters. So $11 million per month is a good run rate. And then when you look at the revenue, it  if you looked at it for a full quarter, if you took the $22 million multiply it by 3 to give yourself a quarterly  quarterly amount of $66 million. If you look over the last several quarters, the revenue has been in the $64 million to $66 million range per quarter. So those are  those would be the numbers that I would work with in terms of run rates.
Chris Allen: Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Okay. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: Good morning and thank you for picking my question. So the volume of Bitcoin futures has been very strong. OI has been increasing but there will be more Bitcoin futures trading value coming up. Could you please remind us the value proposition of CME Bitcoin futures franchise and why ETF and other institution investors will continue to go to CME instead of other trading venues? Thank you.
Sean Tully: Sure. This is Sean jumping in. Thank you for the question. You may recall, it was back in 2017 that CME Group devised its new Bitcoin reference rate, which has become an essential reference rate for the industry. We also created a reference rate for Ether. So these reference rates are highly used by the world now and, again, were created by CME in conjunction with partners. So thats one of the unique value propositions. In addition to that, we offer, as you know, asset classes across the spectrum, across the entire commodities spectrum, across the entire financial spectrum, across equities, rates and foreign exchange. So I think the combination of all of the products that we offer is enormous. In addition to that, we are highly regulated. We are highly transparent and we have an enormous distribution out to our partners. CME Group, you, Im sure, know, has a 170-year history of being the most reliable exchange in the United States to offer partners. So I hope that, that helps to understand some of the value proposition.
Terry Duffy: Let me just add to what Sean said, because I think it is important. You referenced the reference rates, and Julie Winkler and her team constantly are looking at different ways to bring value to the company. And this is just another example, and maybe to further the prior question that you dont have to have transactable ideas in order to generate revenue in the future, and these reference rates are something that have been very, very helpful for CME going forward. And as Sean touched on, what I think is really important to highlight, is derivatory aspect of CMEs business, especially its crypto offering. You can imagine there is many people that are now more and more every day looking for some form of exposure as cryptos are becoming more and more acceptable. The  maybe the problem with that would be also the appreciation of the price of the product. People are maybe a little bit more concerned about where they go to get that risk, and they want to make sure they are at a regulated platform. Another reason the credibility of having a highly regulated platform is a benefit not only to our crypto franchise but the entire CME group. Sunil?
Sunil Cutinho: One thing we want to add is that we have a very strong record of risk management, especially for both Bitcoin and Ether, and we manage that through extreme periods of volatility seen even early this year. So, we  this is true with every product that we bring to the market. We have a strong risk management experience, and Sean pointed that out. We have over 100 years experience steering product.
Owen Lau: Alright. Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good morning. So, you spoke a bit about the LIBOR transition and the record activity and SOFR trading. But Terry, it sounded a bit like the transition might be negatively impacting short-end interest rate open interest at the moment. So, I guess I am just wondering, as the transition continues over the next couple of years, do you expect this to be a headwind to OI or volume over that period of time, or is this kind of just a near-term impact? And the second part of that question, maybe for John. Do you expect any impact on net fee capture to your short-end complex through the transition to SOFR? And maybe you could talk about if there are any fee holidays or incentives in place for SOFR trading at the moment and how long those will last?
Terry Duffy: So Kyle, I think there was about three or four questions embedded in your question between open interest cost of incentive plan. So, let me  on to Sean, touch on a few of those, John, and then I will also give you my opinion.
Sean Tully: Yes. So, thank you, Kyle. Right now with huge growth in our SOFR futures and as I have said, we are also seeing enormous growth in our Eurodollar futures and option. So, we are seeing both marketplaces grow in parallel side-by-side. So, thats actually a very exciting development. As you go into the next couple of years, that will also increase, and we expect to see an increase in the spread trading between the Eurodollars and the SOFR futures. In addition to that, you may recall we launched BSBY future, not too long ago, where we are also doing about 70,000 contracts a day depending upon the timeframe. So, the transition of the short-term interest rate business to a new rate, whether it is the BSBY or the term SOFR or SOFR is actually a very positive thing in regards to the inter-commodity trading between or the spread trading between the different instruments. So, thats actually a very positive development. I also remarked earlier that we have seen enormous growth in the SOFR-linked products. Again, with an ADV of more than 1.6 million contracts a day in the third quarter, so thats growing very strongly. In terms of incentives, yes, we have had incentives, as anyone who follows us closely knows, whenever we start a market. And so we have had significant incentives in our SOFR futures over the recent quarters. The good news there is that means that thats already priced into our revenues to a large extent. So, we will expect to continue those incentives for a period of time. But as you can imagine, as we have with all of our products, you know the history, I am sure, of our Bitcoin futures and how we have reduced incentives there, our Micro E-minis and how we reduced incentives there and how those RPCs grew pretty dramatically once those marketplaces got up and running. So, we would expect that as we get greater adoption of SOFR relative to Eurodollars that the incentives in SOFR would decline on a relative basis. So again, we are already spending a lot of money on incentives. Thats already baked in, in the last 12 months. And yes, we will continue to have some incentive spend, but I dont expect any kind of a significant increase.
Terry Duffy: John?
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thanks, Kyle. And just to echo what Sean said, I think over time, the  we believe that with the value proposition that we have, and we are already seeing significant amount of trading happening in Eurodollars post the transition dates. So, I think our clients are very comfortable with our  with the conversion program that we got in place and in the fallbacks we have got set up. So, very, very excited about the  what the team has done in terms of preparing us for the transition. I think they have done a remarkable job in working closely with our clients to ensure that, that happens in a very orderly fashion. In terms of fees, Sean is right. We do have some market maker programs in place. Its embedded in the revenue that we have got right now. Over time, we would view SOFR being treated just like the rest of our short-term interest rate products. So, I dont see there being any unusual headwinds because of SOFR versus any of our other short-term incentive products. And this is something that we as a team, Julie, Sean, myself and Derek and others, we look at our pricing all the time to ensure that we are pricing our products appropriately to maximize our top line and to create as much liquidity as we can across our platform 24 hours a day.
Terry Duffy: Kyle, let me just wrap it up by saying its really fascinating to me that when you look at the trillions of dollars that is benchmarked to LIBOR today. And we are asking the world to transition in a very short period of time into something else, you can imagine, just use an example, look at the automobile industry. We are going to convert that, but we are talking about a 30-year conversion possibly. We are talking about just a couple of years, we are going to convert trillions of dollars of assets benchmarked to LIBOR into something else, which we believe we are in the strongest position of anybody to capture that risk offset. And that is with the products that Sean outlined. Now, that will not be just a measure of open interest, it will be a measure of many things as we go through this transition. To me, this might be the most exciting time in the history of interest rate trading that I have ever seen in my 41 years here at the CME. So, to me, I am very optimistic about it, but I will not judge it on open interest alone. I wont judge it on one particular issue alone. There is many factors that are going to go into this. And Sean outlined some of the things that we have right now, not only on incentives, but with the BSBY product with Bloomberg, with the short-term SOFR rate and with the SOFR futures and options. We think we are in a really strong position. And one of the benchmarks is open interest, Sean gave it to you, we are the leader in that one by a long shot. So, I am very pleased with this transition.
Kyle Voigt: Understood. Thank you very much.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go ahead and take our next question from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Great. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to go back to the micro size contracts and retail purchase additions broadly. I think a while back, it was  I think retail generated low-double digit percentage of revenue. I just wanted to see if there was an update on that and maybe how thats trended over the last couple of years since the creation of all the micro size contracts. And then I would imagine ETFs are considered an institutional customer given that who is actually trading. But I dont know if you would put ETF usage on the underlying futures as part of retail or maybe if you could talk about it on a pro forma basis, I guess if thats possible. And then just how you think broadly about that success in launching more micro contracts across the franchise?
Terry Duffy: Yes, its a great question, Brian. Let me ask Julie Winkler to make a few comments on that, and the rest of the team may play in as well. So, Julie, go ahead.
Julie Winkler: Yes. Thanks, Brian. No, you are correct. Retail is a single-digit contribution from a customer segmentation standpoint. So, still a very  we are on path for a very strong year in retail. Its looking to be the second highest revenue year on record for us. I think the participation there is definitely strongest in the equity suite of those micro products. And performance was a bit subdued through some of the quarter until volatility started to pick up a little bit in kind of mid-September. And since then, we have definitely seen further uptick in the business. But it kind of also speaks to just the diversity of our suite, right. So, the retail adoption of things like our agricultural products has never been stronger than what we have seen this year. So, ag revenue for retail in APAC still was up 86%, North American, up 30%. So, overall participation to this is very, very strong. We are on pace to have about 375,000 traders in our markets this year, likely only surpassed by where we ended last year, which was a record year. And we talked quite a bit as well about the new client acquisition in the space. That has been strong as well. We have brought on 134,000 new retail traders and really looking  specifically, when we looked at June, July and August, in 2021, we outpaced those levels that we saw in 2020 during those exact same months. How we are doing that continues to be the same thing that we have talked about before. Its really about driving that retail traffic to our digital properties there. We saw that activity more than double from where we were last year. And also just the interest in our educational materials, we have had about 1 million retail traders visit those properties through Q3, which is great. And our partnership, those global broker partners that we have, the educational, the outreach efforts that they make a huge part of this. In Asia alone, our broker partners have reached about 1.7 million active traders year-to-date. And we have seen our digital educational events activities up over 178%. So, I think its that continued focus on really that retail go-to-market that has kept the activity very strong. Do you want to add anything?
John Pietrowicz: Yes. No, I dont think I have much to add, right. We have seen very  we have got good growth in our micro yields futures in about 8,000 a day. Our Micro E-minis month-to-date doing about $2.4 million a day. So, nothing really to add.
Terry Duffy: Brian, did that kind of address all your concerns?
Brian Bedell: Yes, just on ETFs, those are considered institutional, I assume, right, or is there any way to think about it?
Julie Winkler: Yes.
Brian Bedell: Just with the Bitcoin usage on the ETFs, I am thinking you might get more retail participation de facto in that as well I dont know if there is any way to pro forma that?
Terry Duffy: We would get more retail participation from that, Brian. You are correct. They are institutionally driven products, the ETFs. But the more liquidity thats pumped into the system by the institutional players always attracts the retail participants and conversely, the same way the larger pool of retail participants can attract institutional participants. So, we see it going both ways, and we see this as an example of that. So, hopefully that answers your question, but I think you are right, on to Sean.
Sean Tully: And maybe one additional comment. In terms of the micro Bitcoin futures, we are seeing huge growth on the back of the ETFs, so greater interest in our Micro Bitcoin futures. So month-to-date, more than 27,000 contracts. Average daily volume is significantly up from the year-to-date of 21,000, as I mentioned earlier. And open interest now at over 65,000 contracts in our Micro Bitcoin. So, we have seen enormous growth in our micro products, not just our institutional Bitcoin futures post the ETF launch.
Terry Duffy: So, not to counter my colleague, because its the proper thing to do on an earnings call, but I also would attribute a lot of that the fundamentals in the marketplace. We also know crypto made an all-time high last week of 60 plus some odd thousand, which could be driving some of those micro retail numbers. But we do believe, as I have said earlier, they work in unison together to bring more volume on both sides.
Brian Bedell: Great. Very helpful comments. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Good morning. I was hoping you could update us on your ESG and sustainability products. What sort of traction and use cases are you seeing there? And maybe you could talk a little bit about the new product roadmap, what that looks like. And if you could also elaborate on the new sustainable clearing services that I think you launched and made available in September.
Terry Duffy: Both great questions. I am going to ask Derek to touch on the product side, and I will ask Sunil to touch on the clearing side. So Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yes. So, appreciate the question, Michael. So, I think probably the easiest way to start in our material that we pre-circulated on Slide 4, you will notice some very detailed comments about some of the products that we have launched and what those mean to our franchise, specifically on the environmental product side. As you know, we have launched in August, our nature-based GEO contracts. GEO is the global emissions offset contracts, that complements the GEO contracts we launched earlier this year. And we continued to see significant traction there, not just in terms of the traded volumes, but more importantly, the open interest that we are accruing and then the deliveries that we are seeing of these contracts as well. So, since launch, we have actually now seen a peak  we hit a peak open interest record of just over 10,000 contracts on December 21st. We hit a new record just on Friday. And whats important about that is while these contracts are now seen record open interest terms, we are also seeing record amounts of physical deliveries of these offset certificates as well. So, we now facilitated the physical delivery of 146,000 offset credits across four separate delivery cycles. And just to put that into context for what that means for customers that are taking delivery of these certificates, thats the equivalent of 146 million metric tons of CO2 equivalent. So, this is a market that started really about 2 years ago. We have partnered exclusively, as we shared with you on previous calls, with CBL expanse of the largest spot platform in the voluntary offset market in the carbon markets. And we now are delivering record amounts of volume through the platform and delivery of these certificates through for delivery cycles. We will have another one this week. So, this is a new market. We just launched our nature-based contracts in August of this year. So, thats pretty significant traction early on. There is a lot thats expected out of this conference in Glasgow, COP26. And as we continue to work with the markets and connect where we are now on the global basis of where these kind of go, its a complement to the work that we have already done and continue to do on the equity side where we host the worlds largest ESG contract by nominal value, our S&P 500 ESG Index futures, which has seen open interest above $4 billion notional value which is pretty significant. So, when you look at the space, whether its on the environmental product side, the traction that we are seeing in a market that we are at the cutting edge of developing on the voluntary carbon market side or how we are servicing the needs of customers that are looking for ESG-compliant investment vehicles, we are leaders in both of those spaces. So, we are happy with our positioning. We feel like we have chosen good partners. And I think the market, as it adapts to a new world of carbon neutrality, we feel like we are in a strong position there with the success we have already had.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Derek. Sunil, on that clearing?
Sunil Cutinho: Yes. So, thank you, Terry. So on sustainable clearing, we have seen a keen interest from our clients to actually track their hedges. They use our entire complement of products, not just what Derek went through, but they also use our interest rate and FX and equity products to hedge their exposure. So, what is important for these clients is to track their activity used to hedge their green investments as an example. And we  in clearing, we provide them a mechanism to actually track those exposures and report on them. This is a novel service. We have just started with a group of clients and we look to expand it to our product line.
Terry Duffy: Hopefully that gave you a little bit of color on that, Michael.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thanks so much.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our last question from Simon Clinch with Atlanta Equity. It appears there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for additional or closing remarks.
Terry Duffy: Okay. Well, thank you all very much for taking time out of your busy schedules. Once again, we wish that you and your families stay safe and healthy during these very difficult days that we are all dealing with. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the CME Group Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Sir, please go ahead.
John Peschier: Good morning. And thank you all for joining us today. I'm going to start with the Safe Harbor language, and I'll turn it over to Terry and John for brief remarks followed by your questions. Other members of our management team will also participate in the Q&A Session. Statements made on this call and in other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statement. Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Lastly, on the final page of the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terry Duffy : Thanks John. And thank you all for joining us this morning. As John said, our comments will be brief, so we can direct your questions. We released our executive summary this morning, which provided extensive details on the second quarter of 2020. Also, as John has said, I have John; Sean; Derek; Sunil; and Julie Winkler here with us this morning, and we look forward to addressing any questions you have. We delivered solid volume during the second quarter of this year, as we averaged more than 18 million contracts per day, we saw strength in our rates and agricultural businesses relative to Q2 last year. Equities and energy volume were down with less volatility in those markets compared to the prior year. So far in July, we are up 29% month-to-date compared to July last year, with particular strength in rates, which has more than doubled compared to a year ago. We have seen a rebound in energy, which is up more than 25% month-to-date. In terms of products, we had a record ADV or average daily volume, in sulfur futures, total Bitcoin futures and options and copper options in Q2. We had a highly successful launch of our Micro WTI, which was the most successful commodity product launch in the history of CME Group. On August 1 we will begin trading nature-based global emissions offset contracts. In addition, our new Micro treasury yield contracts will be available for trading in August. In the second quarter non-U.S. ADV was 5.2 million contracts up 6%. We saw 9% growth in Asia-Pacific, 8% in Latin America and 6% in Europe. Across all regions the growth came from increased rates, activity, ag products, FX, and metals. This was also supported in how our clients interacted with our digital properties as ags, metals and FX saw double digit growth in new users from all regions. The main point is we are constantly finding ways to assist our clients with the world's most diverse product offerings across all the critical global asset classes. With that short introduction let me turn the call over to John, who would discuss some of the financial results.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Terry. During the second quarter, CME generated almost $1.2 billion in revenue with average daily volume of more than 18 million contracts. Expenses were very carefully managed and on an adjusted basis were $427 million for the quarter and $373 million excluding license fees. CME had an adjusted effective tax rate at 24.1%, which resulted in an adjusted diluted EPS of $1.64. Capital expenditures for the quarter were approximately $40 million. CME paid out more than $300 million of dividends during the second quarter and cash at the end of the quarter was approximately $1.2 billion. Turning to guidance, we now expect total adjusted operating expenses for 2021, excluding license fees to come in at approximately $1,560 billion. That is $15 million below our prior guidance and virtually flat with last year's adjusted expense levels. All other guidance remains unchanged. We project CapEx to be in the range of $180 million and $190 million. And our adjusted effective tax rate to be between 23.2% and 24.2%. Finally, we are on track and have a very good line of sight to achieve our targeted $200 million in cumulative run rate synergies by year end. Please refer to the last page of our executive commentary for additional financial highlights and details. With that short summary, we'd like to open up the call for your questions based on the number of analysts covering us please limit yourself to one question and then feel free to jump back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question will come from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.
Rich Repetto: Yes, good morning, Terry, and John and team. I guess my question is going to be sort of around new products, but you are definitely expanding the Micro-E-mini products. And it's pretty impressive on the Bitcoin results, which are  it's only half the price of the regular future, but about one fiftieth, I think, of the size of it. But anyway, the question is, how are you building this? Is this a broader the build-out of Micro going towards retail, or is it really institutions using the product as well? And is there going to be any other expense or investment to market if it is more oriented towards retail Terry?
Terry Duffy: Well, I want to start in, I'm sure everybody will have little something to say about this because some of the people in this room will receive some of those Micro products. But in general, Rich, when we list some of these Micro contracts, we do it for fundamental reasons to address the concerns of the market participants. There's many of times, as you know, we can look at the Micro equity component  Micro equity contracts and because of the valuation of the certain underlying equities, it made sense for us to go ahead and list smaller contracts, whether it was the E-mini now down to the Micro. So that was a driving force for that. And then we look at the demand for other products associated with it. On the crypto, you could almost say the same story with the appreciation in Bitcoin, going upwards of 60,000 at one given point, it made sense to have a smaller contract, to address the audience, to make sure they can mitigate and manage their risk. On the West Texas contract that was just listed, I think, that was just a demand from different participants, both on the commercial side and the financial side who want to participate in that market and just a bit of a smaller contract. So, there's a question that is, are we going to invest more in that sector of the business? We will continually look at the needs of the clients and make that decision as it comes. So, I don't want to prejudge it and say yes, but I wouldn't want to rule it out either. So, I'll let some of my colleagues go ahead and jump in. Maybe Mr. Pietrowicz would.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thank you, Terry. When you look at our Micro products we've done a few things, one is weve really found a position in the market where these really resonate to Terry's point in terms of meeting clients needs. One of the things we've also done is we've adjusted the pricing on the micros, as I mentioned last quarter. So, when you take a look at the Micro equity products, we saw an increase in the rate per contract from $0.154 to $0.176, up about 14%, which reflects the full quarter impact to the pricing adjustment, plus the launch of our highly successful Micro Bitcoin contract that has an RPC about a $1.57 to a $1.59. So, a huge success there. We also saw an increase in the Micro Gold RPC, which went from $0.397 to $0.446 when we look at first quarter versus second quarter or a 12% increase. What's very exciting is we have built a $100 million a year business so far that didn't exist just a couple of years ago with our Micro product. So, it's pretty exciting in terms of addressing a client need and really having the products which allows us to offer a wide variety of micro products.
Terry Duffy: Maybe I'd like to have Derek just for one second, touch on the newest product, because as I referenced in my earlier remarks, the West Texas Intermediate contract was the most successful commodity launch we've ever had here, which is impressive in and of itself. So, Derek, maybe you could just give a couple sentences as it relates to what you're seeing in the new contract in West Texas.
Derek Sammann: Yes, we've gotten off to a good start. We traded over 450,000 contracts in just the first 11 trading days. What's most interesting about this as Terry said, this is actually a new client acquisition tool for us. This is bringing in customers that would like to participate in our markets and found the institutional size contracts a little bit too big. And the key stat there is that we've got over 2,600 participants in our micro contract that have never traded any other crude product with CME Group before. So, this is functionally and practically brand-new business to us in this asset class. We're seeing a higher participation percent of non-U.S. participants. About 26% for micro business is trading from outside the U.S. versus the average of about 20% coming from outside the U.S. in our main contract. Open interest has grown. We're seeing steady liquidity participation across the global trading day, 16 liquidity providers have been in there every single day, and they get 6,200 unique users trading the contract and 75 individual unique trading firms. So broad participation, global participation, net new client acquisition, really strong start and so we're excited about what this could mean for the business and what this means for liquidity provision globally.
Terry Duffy: So just to finish up on your last part of your question, Rich, yes, this is part of our strategy as it relates to retail, new client acquisition, but it is not the only component of our strategy as it relates to retail. So, the micro contracts are a component of that, but not the only piece. So hopefully that gave you some color as it relates to the questions that you asked.
Rich Repetto: Very helpful. Thanks, Terry.
Terry Duffy: Thanks Rich.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm: Yes, hey, good morning, everyone. I'm curious if you can give us an update on the on the BrokerTec integration and what you've seen so far. What I'm particularly interested in now it's been a few months is like any tangible evidence that this has been driving some new revenue opportunities for you. I think BrokerTec revenues year-over-year were basically flat, futures revenues and interest rates, obviously up a lot. So, question is, is that being driven by anything that you've done for clients, or is it too early to point to anything? Thank you.
Sean Tully: Yes, it's a really good question. This is Sean speaking. I greatly appreciate it. So, yes, we are excited about the initial uptake of new products and services that we are offering across that platform that we have talked about previously. Obviously, larger picture, there was a lot of direct streaming going on in that in the cash markets in general, both in the treasury markets, as well as in the foreign exchange markets and we're investing very heavily there. So, one of the big investments we're making is in what we call QDM 2.0, Quote-Driven Markets 2.0. We expect to be  we are launching that now we're in the middle of doing that on our FX Business. And after we launch that in our FX Business, we will be launching it in our Treasuries business. And we do expect that to be a state-of-the-art and the best-in-class direct streaming platform. So that should help. But even before that, I talked a lot on previous calls about RV trading, RV trading is still getting uptick. And we are excited about the progress so far. So, it did 280 million average daily volume in the month of June. Last week we did 530 million average daily volume and last Wednesday we did 1.1 billion. So, we're just starting to show the results that we had hoped. This is in an environment where the bulk of  many of our participants actually the bulk of our participants do not yet have automated APIs connecting to the functionality. So, this is manual users who are taking advantage of it at this point. So, we don't have the bulk of the electronic community in there yet. We did have a major ISV last week for the first time offer to their customers testing in the new functionality. So, we are very excited to see what that has to offer in the coming month. In addition to that, we reduced the three-year minimum price increments, three-year note minimum pricing increments that have very significant, positive impact. If you look at three-year notes, they went from a typical average daily volume of 10 billion a day to 16 billion a day. So, we saw on a relative basis relative to the entire platform a 60% increase in that individual security. So very excited about that. There are also other moves that we are taking relative to optimizing commissions and other things that are having a positive impact. If you look at the overall industry, while over the previous couple of years BrokerTec had lost significant market share in the dealer-to-dealer space. If you look at Q  sorry, the fourth quarter of last year, first quarter of this year, and the month of June, we have flattened out that market share level. So, if you look at the fourth quarter, we were at 59%; first quarter, we were at 59% and in June we were 58.5%. So, we are getting traction in the new products and services, it has stabilized the relative share of that platform and we do expect it to grow further as there is greater uptick in the new functionality. Thanks for the question.
Alex Kramm: Very quickly. And have you  just to my first part of the question, and have you attempted to put any of the things that you've just talked about in revenue terms so that we can think about the benefits that we've seen so far, a little bit more in terms of, hey, this is what the deal is contributing on the top line?
Sean Tully: We have not put them in revenue terms so far. You can look at you know, there isn't a separate charging for any of these, right. So, the overall volumes that a participant does, no matter what functionality they are, using are charged similarly. So, it would have a different impact.
Alex Kramm: Okay. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. My question is for you, John, just with regards to expenses, the guidance, obviously we see the reduction, but still implies a decent step up in the second half. So, if you could talk about where we would with those anticipated kind of cost and where those are coming in? And then also, could you update us on just what the realized synergies are as of 2Q? I understand what you've said by the end of this year, what to expect, but just kind of where we are today?
John Pietrowicz: Sure. Dan, thanks for the question. As you heard from my prepared remarks, pardon me, we reduced our guidance by $15 million. The entire team at CME has done an excellent job in managing our costs with the revised guidance we're holding expenses virtually flat with last year and just under $80 million below 2019 levels. When it comes to the expenses, the second half of the year is traditionally higher than the first half, marketing and advertising spend tend to occur later in the year and we also tend to see higher projects spending in the second half as well. Spending this year reflects the same pattern, but we had anticipated a higher than normal spend in the second half of the year when we built out our spending plans. During the year, we also chose to delay some of the plan first half spending to the second half of the year as the environment became clearer. For example, we brought back our employees and we're seeing some of our clients also return to the office.  In terms of the type of costs, marketing and advertising reflects just under half the increased spending between the first and second half of the year. We will be targeting a portion of that spending on our successful micro products. The balance reflects higher technology spending as we continue to advance the integration of VBS, which also drive higher depreciation. And finally, we anticipate contingent labor spending for accelerating some of our projects. As Sean indicated, we are investing in some of the streaming platforms in our cash markets businesses. So that gives you an idea of the change in first half versus second half. And then in terms of realized synergies we realized approximately $9 million of synergies in our P&L for 2021. And just to finish off on, we've got a very strong line of sight to achieving our $200 million in run rate synergies by year end.
Dan Fannon: Great. Thank you. 
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. As we think about the actions that CME is taking to drive greater utilization of its products, where do you see as the most important themes or actions to help encourage open interest in volume growth, say over the next three to five years? So, in the past you focused on globalization, in Richs question you talked about the microrizing [ph] products. You have changed minimum price increments, and you've done acquisitions. So, as we think about the future where are you focusing your resources to drive that next level of growth as we look ahead?
Terry Duffy: Yes, Ken thank you. I'm going to have Julie Winkler start, give your early thoughts on that and then some of us will chime in as well. 
Julie Winkler: Yes, thank you for the question. I think those themes that you pointed out are something that we have utilized to very successfully drive, not just new product adoption, but continued growth for the business. I think as we continue to be in this hybrid environment, our ability to reach our clients digitally, to be able to customize more of that experience has been something that we've been pretty focused on over the last year and a half as many businesses have. And so, what happened is, it's part easier for us to reach those global clients than it even was before. So, there will be continued investment in those digital properties that personalization the education that we do and that really relates back to the work with our broker partners in the micro space as well.  We've been extremely active with them in terms of investing in the educational efforts. As one such example, we've had  our partners alone have increased over 123%, the education of traders in the first half of this year reaching over a million retail traders. And so, that is how we make people continue to be successful in trading in our markets. So, we're going to continue to see that investment. As Terry pointed out earlier, a lot of this is about understanding client needs. We know that there will be a continued work on as we move forward so far in that transition. And the last thing is just continuing about capital efficiencies. I mean, it has been a hallmark of our business for many years and that continues to be very top-of-mind to clients who are continuing to work with Derek, Sean, and Sunil on how we can deliver that going forward for our clients.
Terry Duffy: And, I think, Ken, just to expand upon Julie's comments, she did touch on them, but the capital efficiencies theme is something that resonates throughout this organization. We are constantly looking at different ways. John touched on it a little bit earlier with the BrokerTec question, we are going to continue to become more and more efficient as we get offsets against our futures products, which will again, lend people to adding more open interest. One of your questions was around open interest.  The EBS integration onto the platform  onto the Globex platform, you're talking about multiple participants, who've never traded futures before in FX. We believe we have a good opportunity for them to participate in the FX markets, another additive into the open interest pool here at CME. So, a lot of the things that we've done can be very additive and that doesn't even include the environment that we're all living in, which we know is one of the most riskiest environments this world has ever seen. So, we feel confident that the open interest can continue to build with the capital efficiencies and some of the acquisitions we did with the cash products and the futures products along with people needing to manage risk in all of our asset classes.
Ken Worthington: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Sheriq Sumar: Hi. This is Sheriq filling in for Alex. Can you provide us an update on the joint venture and how is it progressing so far and how should we think about any financial or implications of the joint venture for the CME business as a whole? Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thanks for the question. This is John. Were making excellent progress on the formation of the joint venture. The integration planning has gone extremely well and we believe we are well positioned to hit the ground running when we get the necessary approvals. In terms of the approvals, we continue to move through the regulatory approval process. Weve received all antitrust approvals and we are waiting on one financial regulatory approval. So, we are really poised to launch this joint venture and I think whats very exciting is weve got a great relationship with IHS Markit. We met with them just a week or so ago. And so, I think everybody has a common vision for the joint venture and our strategy which we think should be winning for the clients. Weve also got a great relationship with S&P Global, one of our, this will be the second joint venture with them. So weve got  were excited about working with them once their merger with IHS Markit has been completed. In terms of the financial implications, I will provide an update in terms of the financial implications once the joint venture gets launched. We are  we dont anticipate from a earnings perspective on any material changes. We do  you will see some geography changes on our income statement where revenues and expenses for the contributed companies will be netted into equities and unconsolidated subsidiaries which is the same location we have the S&P/Dow Jones joint venture. So really excited about the joint venture, what it could mean for the marketplace. We will be the leading provider of risk mitigation and post-trade services. And very  I think were going to be very well positioned to accelerate the earnings on that business.
Sheriq Sumar: Got it. Thank you so much.
John Pietrowicz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Could you please elaborate a bit more on your strategy to launch more analytical tools? Do you have all the pieces you have in this area and what are the gaps you would like to fill? Thank you.
Sean Tully: Sure, this is Sean talking. We are very excited about the new analytical tools that we have launched in particular over the last year or so. On the rate side, for example, we launched the new TreasuryWatch Tool. TreasuryWatch Tool has had now over 8,000 unique users look at it every day. And it's really where the marketplace goes to look at the U.S. Treasury government issuance, the Federal Reserve's purchased security and as well as that the activity in our treasury futures as well as on BrokerTec. So that is a tool that has gotten significant traction we think offers an enormous amount of value to our customers and helps to cross-sell our products from the cash markets to the futures and futures into cash. In addition to that, on the foreign exchange side, we launched three new tools last year. We launched our FX Market Profile tool, our FX Swap Rate Monitor, and our FX Options Vol Converter tool. Those tools likewise are with several thousand each in terms of unique users. If you look at our FX Market Profile, 863 different companies represented FX Swap Rate Monitor, 630 different companies represented. So you're seeing an enormous penetration of our customers and potential customers for new client acquisition and cross-selling get value out of these tools. And all of those are growing very positively. This is just where we have been over the last 12 months though. If you look at it on a go-forward basis, one of the great value propositions that we have is the ability with the acquisition of our cash markets and with our derivatives markets to combine this data and synchronize this data for the very first time. We have seen, as I said earlier, good uptake on our FX Market Profile tool. We are actually just in the process of launching version 2.0 of that which shows 10 different order levels in terms of the order book. And it really shows participants how not only they need to use both liquidity pools, both futures and spot markets, cash spot markets in order to optimize their execution in foreign exchange, but in addition to that much greater depth and how to do that. We will be launching later this summer the initial Treasury Market Profile tool, which will likewise synchronize for the first time our treasury futures data with our treasury cash data. So those are significant developments. If you look though at what we plan on over the next year, that will turn into full-blown TCA tool. So we already have on EBS a EBS Quant Analytics, a TCA tool that allows you to look at three different ways of executing your foreign exchange. You can look at it in the central limit order book. You can look at it on our direct streaming platform with your existing liquidity providers. Or third, you can look at it on direct streaming with an alternative set of liquidity providers. What we are going to be adding to that once we move EBS over to Globex is the ability to look at it in futures equivalent terms as well. So we have started to take advantage of and we have started to provide analytics to our customers that is unique relative to this unique set of assets in order to create new efficiencies, which is really behind everything that we do. But over the next year, we're going to be able to provide much, much more.
Derek Sammann: I think, Owen, another part of this is some of the work  a lot of the work that we've done in our world's largest multi-asset class options business, we have built our leading options analytics capability with our QuikStrike Bantix capabilities. That has led to our third consecutive record quarter of monthly utilization. We are on track right now to deliver the highest record revenues ever through our CME Direct front-end, where we embed our QuikStrike analytics. As you know, we've  we are now publishing 40 CME volatility indices based on the benchmark liquidity in our options business. We found this has brought more options customers to us for customers looking to manage specific risk in each individual asset class. Those benchmarks reside at CME Group. So the work we continue to do to build out market leading analytics in our front-end is bringing us new customers, generating new options business, which generate new futures business as well. So we'll continue to push down that path. Thanks, Derek. Thanks, Sean.
Owen Lau: Thank you very much.
Derek Sammann: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Michael Cyprys with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Cyprys: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I was just hoping you could talk a little bit about the opportunity set that you see to grow data and information services revenues over the next couple of years, which existing offerings would you say have the most meaningful growth potential? And what new offerings could you bring to the marketplace to enhance the growth profile of the market data information services revenue pool? And if you could also just touch upon the impact that the pricing changes as well had in the quarter? It looked like I think that went through in April the revenue there only went up about $1 million sequentially, so maybe you can help flesh out some of the moving dynamics pieces there. Thank you.
Julie Winkler: Thank you for the question. Yeah, market data had really another great quarter. And so one of the things that we're seeing is this stabilization across the professional subscribers that are utilizing our real-time market data. And we did capture in its entirety that price increase that you mentioned, is the $5 per user per DCM. What happened in Q2 is that we had a little less in audits in Q2 over the Q1 results. And as we've continued to stay on that front, we work with our customers to ensure that they have the right data, the right licenses for their business needs. Yet, as we have audits, that is going to flow up and down depending on where we're at in the process. So it's largely driven with the audit results there. In terms of other areas of growth and what's really exciting us about market data, we've made some changes in our non-display policies and pricing. We've got all that cash market data that Sean referenced earlier that is now part of our product portfolio, as well as a number of new benchmarks, the CVOL indices, etc. And so we're seeing a lot of interest from clients of making sure they're taking advantage of all of those products and services. Our derived business is also performing quite well. And the other thing that we've talked about on some past calls that still is continuing to be very interesting for clients is accessing our data through the cloud. And so with the Google Cloud platform being launched now, we've added new users. We're now up to 21 global clients that are in production there and we have nearly 60 more that are in that certification process. And so this is how our clients  and these are new users to CME data that they like the ability to be able to turn on and off their connectivity and take the data that is most relevant to what they are interested on. So we're working to expand that in data products presence really in the cloud later this year. So that is something the team is working on. And so I think it's a lot of additional work being done with Sean's team on the analytics front of saying what other tools and capabilities can we deploy. We have a lot of very, very valuable data and assets and that's what we're working to monetize.
Michael Cyprys: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Simon Clinch with Atlantic Equities.
Simon Clinch: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I'm kind of curious as to your thoughts around the crypto markets and the products you're launching here. Just what kind of opportunities you see to broaden out in the next couple of years particularly, but also how you're seeing your products being used by the kind of split between the institutional and then retail clients?
Sean Tully: Yeah, we are seeing a combination obviously of a smaller active clients as well as a very large participants. And the reason again for launching our Micro Bitcoin was in order to better penetrate a small active trader community. As you'll recall, the Micro Bitcoin 1/50th of the size of the Bitcoin futures, and half of the scheduled fees. So that did allow us to deeply penetrate a new community and we're very excited about that. If you look overall, I did start talking I believe is the last earnings call, I said I would start talking about crypto differently than I had in the past relative to the growth in volumes and revenues that we've achieved. If you look today, our Bitcoin RPC is $5.45 in the second quarter and we're running around 11,500 contracts ADV. Micro Bitcoin, John said it earlier, $1.57. The $1.57, obviously when we initially launch our product, we have significant incentives. As I said earlier, the rack rate fees are half. So over time, we typically reduce those incentives. And historically if you look at whenever we launch a new product, actually if you look at, for example, our Micro-E-minis, those RPCs grow over time. And there, we're doing 23,000 year-to-date. In the second quarter, we did more like 25,000 a day. So a very  I think a huge success there honestly. Either futures at $2.53 and 2,600 contracts a day. So if you look at those RPCs against those average daily volumes, you'll see that we've now grown a substantial business and we're very pleased with it so far.
Simon Clinch: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good morning. I know you highlighted some better energy volume in July, specifically, but I guess even inclusive of some of the July volume, your energy ADV in 2021 to-date is on pace to be the lowest volume year since 2015. So just curious if you can give some more color as to all the factors that are driving, or the big factors that are driving the weakness this year, how much impact has the pandemic had versus other factors. And then more importantly, I guess, what do you see as the catalysts to kind of re-accelerate structural growth in that product segment as we look out over the next few years?
Derek Sammann: Yeah, thanks, Kyle. That's a good question. I mean, yeah, last year was really a tale of two different years. We saw the first half of the year with all the disruption in the first half of the year and then significant trail-off in the back half of the year. We saw both the significant disruption demand coming from what we actually saw from the demand side of things. And it was a very, very unclear picture for certainly U.S. shale when prices were languishing back half of last year, kind of around $45, which is right at or slightly below breakeven for a lot of the U.S. shale producers. What we've seen over the last couple of months now that the OPEC and OPEC+ agreements have come in, we've actually seen a stabilization of oil prices exactly what they wanted, well above those breakeven levels. And what you've actually seen, and you picked up on the comments before, our June WTI volumes are actually up 6% year-on-year. Our July WTI volumes are up 46%. What we've actually seen from a volume perspective is overall the market has picked up at the back half of the year. Our market share in volume terms, our WTI contract relative to Brent is pretty much stable year-on-year. Where we've seen a real outperformance has been in the open interest side of things. When you look back to November of last year, we saw that WTI open interest bottom out at about 1.95 million contracts or so. We have now recovered on the WTI side back up to almost 2.5 million contracts. That sit in the close to three-year highs. We all know with the bringing in commercial customers, they are the outsized performers on the open interest growth side of that. So we've had a significant return of the commercial participants back into our market over the last couple of months. That is what we focus on. We focus on the end-user customer needs. We focus on what they are looking to manage their business with and they are increasingly coming to CME Group. What's interesting about that open interest share is typically, and you can go back and look at the numbers, the WTI open interest market share would hover between 42% and 48% when you compare the sum of WTI at CME versus ICE Brent. We're actually sitting at about 50% market share in open interest terms. So we're above almost our historical high point right now. So we think the strong fundamentals that we've seen, we've seen gasoline demand reach record high of 10 million barrels per day in the weekend of July 2. TSA checkpoint travel numbers are reaching the highest levels read in 2021. Just two weeks ago traveler throughput at 2.23 million. So we're seeing the early stages of airline recovery. That has been missing during this whole demand side of the crude oil market. Saudi Arabia, UAE came to an agreement at OPEC+ so we think there is a little more stability there. That's certainly probably raising some specter of less concern about 100 calls being in the money over the next couple of months, but it also means that there is greater stability in the shale gas and like where that's going. So we're reading that in the open interest participation. We're seeing the work that we're doing to bring new customers into the crude oil market with, as Terry referenced before, the WTI Micro contract. And we're unleashing those customer capital efficiencies across the full range of products. And we're also preparing for the energy transition as we're pushing out our  both our global emerge  Global Emissions Offset contracts and our new nature-based Global Emissions Offsets contracts as well. So not only are we expanding our customer base, we're preparing for energy transition as well. So we feel good about what's going on. Fundamentals are strong. Open interest is at three-year highs, so we like where we're at.
Terry Duffy: And I just want to add to that, Kyle, that when you look at, you referenced 2015 levels of trading. You got to look at what just happened just a year ago. We were in a complete lockdown in the world when demand was going absolutely zero. And we are just rebuilding that. And I think Derek pointed out a few highlights such as the airline industry now getting ramped up again, the TSA numbers and so forth. So I really think the measurement of 2015 to we're at today is a tough one, because in between that, only a year ago, we had a lockdown situation that we've never seen before.
Kyle Voigt: That's really helpful, Derek and Terry. If I just follow up on that just real quick, just curious are you seeing any like now we've had a couple of quarters past since the event with kind of negative WTI pricing. Do you think you're seeing any lingering effects from that even from certain users or is that open interest trends that you pointed to kind of speak to the fact that you haven't seen anything material?
Terry Duffy: We haven't seen anything material. I think that, again, when you look at what happened on April 20th of 2020, we were at the height of a perfect storm as I'd like to say at that time. We had complete lockdown. We had at the same time production being ramped up right before that. And then all of a sudden, I guess that we locked down in zero demand and a tremendous amount of product with nowhere to put it. So that was a perfect storm at that given moment in time. I think that people understand that, and now they are looking at the business in a different light hopefully. But there is still some headwinds as far as the pandemic. We keep talking about Delta variants and things of that nature. So I'm assuming there is some trepidation just in general about what could potentially happen around the world again. So no one is predicting any pricing here, but that is still a lingering effect. We are not out of this pandemic yet and I think that's what people need to realize.
Sean Tully: Yes, I think the only point I'd probably add to that is when we talk about the OI indicator being the strongest marker of increased participation, the key stat in there, Kyle, is the fact that commercial participants are the biggest growth driver of that increase in the 1.9 million to the 2.5 million, so three-year highs sitting with the commercial participants themselves, the physical participants being the biggest participants in that growth I think tells you where the market's hedging its risk right now.
Kyle Voigt: Great. Thank you very much.
Terry Duffy: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Sheriq Sumar: Hi. This is Sheriq again filling in for Alex. And this one is for John. Can you tell us as to what was the ending Fed balance in 2Q?
John Pietrowicz: Sure. Great question. So when you look at, I mean, maybe just a couple of quick points on the other income portion of our income statement, because we've got a couple of items that are performing very well there. The first is the cash held at our clearing house. We saw an increase sequentially of about $3 million. The average balances were up $27.7 billion and our returns were up about one basis point from last quarter. I just want to remind everybody that there was a change in the IOER on June 16 from 10 basis points to 15 basis points. And our share of the returns on that investment activity increased from two basis points to five basis points. And you'll see that full quarter impact in Q3. Also, our  the performance of our JV, S&P/Dow Jones JV, also has been performing extremely well and was  and we're up about 14% from the same quarter last year. So that kind of gives you some highlights on the other income portion of our income statement.
Sheriq Sumar: Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Okay. If there is no further questions?
Operator: There are no further questions at this time, sir.
Terry Duffy: Okay. Thank you very much. We want to thank everybody for joining us on the call this morning. Once again, we wish you and your families, all the health and safety that you can have. Be safe and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the CME Group First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Sir, please go ahead.
John Peschier: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm going to start with the Safe Harbor language, then I will turn it over to Terry and John for brief remarks followed by your questions. Other members of our management team will also participate in the Q&A session. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Lastly, on the final page of the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I would like to turn it over to Terry.
Terry Duffy: Thank you, John, and thank you all for joining us this morning. Our comments will be brief so we can get to your questions. As we all continue to navigate through the pandemic, I hope you and your families are staying safe and healthy. We released our executive summary this morning, which provided extensive details on the first quarter of 2021. As John said, I have John, Sean, Derek, Sunil and Julie Winkler with me this morning, and we look forward to addressing any questions you have. We saw solid volume rebound during the first quarter of this year as we averaged 22 million contracts per day. That represented our third most active quarter ever following the record activity we saw in Q1 of 2020 at the start of the pandemic when we averaged 27 million contracts per day. Importantly, we had a nice rebound from the back half of the year in 2020. We had a 35% sequential increase in average daily volume from Q4 2020 to Q1 2021. Also, interest rates were up 65% to more than 10 million contracts per day in Q1 relative to Q4. In addition, equities, energy and metals were all higher sequentially by approximately 20%. In terms of products, we had record quarters in Bitcoin futures and silver futures. Micro E-mini NASDAQ and Russell were each up more than 100%. Agricultural markets remained active, particularly in options with more than 60% growth in both corn and soybean options ADV versus Q1 of 2020. Also, we continue to see strong non-US customer volumes originating in Europe and Asia with approximately 6 million per day during Q1 2021 versus 4.7 million per day for all of 2020. We are also pleased with the transition of BrokerTec onto the Globex platform for the treasury curve trades, and we did see recent all-time record in European repo activity. Last quarter, I mentioned the ongoing innovation across our markets. In Q1, that continued with Japanese energy futures, global emission offset futures, Ether futures, micro Bitcoin futures, lithium futures, Mexican interest rate futures and most recently, CME term sulfur. Also, we announced the JV with IHS Markit, which we are excited about. The main point is that we are constantly finding ways to assist our clients with the world's most diverse product offering across all the critical global asset classes. With that, let me turn the call over to John, who will discuss the financial results. And I look forward to answering your questions.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Terry. During the first quarter, CME generated more than $1.250 billion in revenue, reflecting average daily volume of 21.8 million contracts. Expenses were very carefully managed, and on an adjusted basis, were $437 million for the quarter and $372 million, excluding license fees. CME had an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.6%, which resulted in an adjusted diluted EPS of $1.79. Capital expenditures for the quarter were approximately $27 million. During the first quarter, CME paid out more than $1.2 billion to our shareholders in the form of our annual variable dividend of $2.50 per share and our most recent regular dividend of $0.90 per share. CME's cash at the end of the first quarter was more than $1 billion. Our 2021 guidance remains unchanged. We expect total adjusted operating expenses, excluding license fees, to come in at $1.575 billion. We anticipate the spending to be weighted heavier in the second half of the year as the global economy potentially opens. We continue to expect CapEx to come in between $180 million and $190 million. Finally, our tax rate guidance remains between 23.2% and 24.2%. Please refer to the last page of our executive commentary for additional financial highlights and details. With that short summary, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Based on the number of analysts covering us, please limit yourself to one question, and then feel free to jump back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question will come from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.
Rich Repetto: Yes, good morning, Terry. Good morning, John.
Terry Duffy: Good morning.
Rich Repetto: Good morning. And hope everyone is doing well in CME team, as we see light at the end of the tunnel here. But anyway, my question is on the BrokerTec migration. I know you completed it in early February. And Sean has talked about the different things, the relative value spread trades, as well as like other initiatives you're going to do. I'm just going to see what the interest rate outlook is. You also said it took like 3 months for people to get really up to speed and connect and get used to the data and so forth. So I'm just trying to see what could we expect from the migration and the impact on interest rate volumes going forward?
Terry Duffy: Yes, Rich, thank you for your question. I'll ask Sean to go ahead and give a response. And if anybody else would like to participate, fine. But Sean, why don't you go ahead and start?
Sean Tully: Thanks very much, Terry, and thank you, Rich. Great question. So, so far, things have gone very well. If you look at our relative share of the market, which is available through certain market sources, it's been -- on the BrokerTec US treasuries, it's been flat between the fourth quarter and the first quarter. So we're very pleased with that result, given the challenges as you mentioned, participants adopting to the new platform. In addition to that, we're very excited about the new functionality that we have launched. It likewise is taking time for participants to take advantage of the new functionality. We did launch now about a month ago our new RV trading functionality, which I have described before. We have a handful of market makers. We have about 17 customers who are submitting orders and getting executed. And we've executed more than 2 billion worth of volume. We're doing about 120 million a day. We are very excited, though. Why? Because it is taking time for participants to adopt to it, and we have, honestly, three major ISVs who have not yet fully completed their development. So we do expect them to fully complete their development over the next month or two. And when that occurs, we expect to get a significant ramp-up in volumes and a significant ramp-up in activity. But we're very pleased with that. In addition to that, on May 3, we're going to be reducing the minimum price increment on 3-year notes. You will recall from previous earnings calls, when we reduced the minimum price increment in our two-year notes, both on the BrokerTec platform as well as in the 2-year note futures on the listed platform, that increased our overall volumes in our treasury complex, in this case by about 3 percentage points. So we're excited about both of those developments and things I think are going very well. As Terry mentioned earlier, that migration included not just our US treasuries, but also our repo business. And in particular, we're running all time records. So the first quarter is an all-time record in our European repo, doing almost 300 billion a day. We're also doing about 219 billion a day in our US repo, which is -- which has also gone very well. So in general, I'd say it's all going very, very well and as expected.
Rich Repetto: Thanks guys. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks Rich.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. My question's for John, just on the expense outlook. Obviously, after the first quarter, you're tracking annualized well below your guidance. You talked about second half spend pick up. Can you just maybe discuss some of the specifics that you anticipate in terms of either just travel kind of normalization or what you're spending on? And then also remind us where you are in synergies, if there were any additional realizations here in the first quarter.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Dan, and good morning. Yes, we are very effectively managing our expenses here at CME Group. If you recall, we guided $1.650 billion in expenses at the start of 2020. We came in at 15.57. We guided to 15.75 for this year. So very effective expense management over the last couple of years. So in terms of what we see, obviously, this is early in the year. We're hopeful that we see economies begin to open up in the back half of the year. So we did expect or build into our plans for that to occur. We anticipate an additional $20 million compared to last year in terms of spending for that hopeful eventuality. So we are -- we have that going on, which is kind of a back half expense -- expenses. And then we also are building out our East coast and we are working on the migration of EBS on the Globex. So those are a few items that we anticipate incurring additional costs for towards the back half of that year -- of this year. So from our perspective, we are very focused on managing our expenses. We're going to do everything that we can to keep our expenses down. But we want to balance it with growing the business. So that's the mindset that we have here. So we've got a couple of opportunities in front of us in terms of getting our sales team out there to meet with clients as the economies begin to open. And also we've got the EBS migration and our data center, which are costs -- are more back half-loaded. So those are a couple of items. Secondly, in terms of synergy realization, yes, we are -- we did have synergy realization in the first quarter. We anticipate our $200 million in run rate synergies by the end of this year. That's an additional $60 million in synergies, run rate synergies that we need to achieve. And we achieved about 2/3 of that run rate synergies at the end of the first quarter. So well on track to achieving our $200 million expense synergy target.
Dan Fannon: Okay, thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Hey, good morning, everyone. Can you just give us a quick update on what's happening on the retail side of your business? I mean, I think it's been a nice growth area. So maybe just give us some of the updated kind of stats there and maybe plans for engaging with that customer set more in terms of new products as well. Then on the equity side, it seems like retail has gotten a little bit more tired in the second quarter. So just wondering if you're seeing the same thing on the future side as well? Anything you can point there to in April so far? Thanks.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Alex. We'll let Julie Winkler comment on the retail side. Julie?
Julie Winkler: Sure. Thanks for the question, Alex. Yes, the retail volume and revenue in Q1 was certainly quite strong. The month of March, in particular, was a top 3 all-time revenue month for us in retail behind only March and April last year, which obviously was a time of very historically unprecedented volatility. When we compare Q1 back to Q4, we saw the business up 21% with really all of our regions showing double-digit growth, which is really, really strong. The product growth, it did still largely come from equities, but we also saw some nice pickup in FX and ads. More specifically, right, it was the Micro E-minis, emerging market FX, micro FX, corn and soybean. And it really -- that just speaks to the diversity of our product offering and how appealing that is to our active individual traders. During Q1, as you kind of expect with everyone still During Q1, as you kind of expect with everyone still more or less at home, a lot of our outreach has been across our digital properties. And so we saw over 0.5 million retail traders visit our SME digital properties, and that's twice the amount that we had at the same time last year. And when we looked at the number of new traders that we were able to add, it was over 50,000 during just the first quarter. And so that was up another 24% over what we were doing in Q4, which just continues to signal the really solid momentum that we've made. As you pointed out, certainly, a key part of this business is just the alignment and the partnership with our global distribution partners. There -- a lot of this is around outreach and product education. The number of active traders that our partners educated on CME products just in Q1 surpassed over 1.5 million traders. A lot of that outreach certainly going on in APAC, but also in the US. And I think that's just continuing to add to the momentum and attracting new customers to the business. A lot of this is still largely virtual, although in-person events are starting as well. We had about 5 in-person events in Q1, so less than 10%, but I think that's another great step to returning to some of that prepandemic form of engagement with our clients. So I think we saw certainly a very strong quarter, and there is definitely a lot of interest about the upcoming micro Bitcoin launch that we have coming in May.
Terry Duffy: And I would just add, Alex, to what Julie said that you referenced as the retail trader tired as it relates to equities, right now, we're looking at a very seasonal slow month of April. And that's probably what's reflecting on what you're seeing at a very seasonal slow month of April. And that's probably what's reflecting on what you're seeing right now in the last couple of weeks. But I think what Julie said is the important part is the onboarding process that's going on, not only for retail and others, is very exciting for the future growth of not only retail trading but the entire business. So I wouldn't read too much into the recent couple of weeks.
Alex Kramm: And did you give the revenue or volume percentage of retail for the quarter? Sorry, I don't know if I missed it.
Terry Duffy: John, do you have it?
John Pietrowicz: In terms of the retail volume for the quarter was about 1.1 million contracts traded today for retail. And what was interesting, it was strong across all of our regions, right? So if you look at it sequentially, Q4 to Q1, US, EMEA, APAC, LatAm and Canada were all up double digits sequentially.
Alex Kramm: Okay, thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Alex.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Carrier with Bank of America.
Mike Carrier: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Overall volumes are strong in 1Q. We've seen some mixed open interest trends and some moderation. So just wanted to gauge your sense maybe why this is happening? Do you think it's transitory? And then what metrics are you watching that provides you confidence in the growth outlook? Thanks a lot.
Terry Duffy: Okay. Derek, do you want to start with the...
Derek Sammann: Yes. It's going to vary a little bit by product, Mike, in terms of kind of what those trends are. And to be honest, it also depends on when you're looking discreetly if we just have big options expiration, we're going to see some OI rollup. But if you look at average OI trends, sequentially, most importantly, from Q4 to Q1 on the commodity side, we're seeing a lot of really significant positive trends indicative of what we're seeing reflected the commercial customer base. So for example, in WTI, we saw a -- with the overall slowdown in the back half of last year, volumes and open interest decreased. We saw open interest in WTI down on 1.9 million contracts marked in November. We've seen that sequentially build up to close to 2.4 million contracts. We actually just had 2.54 million contracts just a month ago, which is close to a 3-year high for us. That's reflective of the sequential participation and increased participation from commercial customers. Sequentially, our WTI volumes were up from Q4 of 2020 to Q1 2021 by 40%. Commercial customers were up 53%. So that open interest build is reflective of broader participation from the commercial customers on the energy side. I'd also add to that, we set record levels of open interest in both corn options and soybean options. Again, that's driven by the fastest-growing part of our ag business right now, which is commercial customers. We're up 21% with commercial customers. So that sequential growth of record open interest, growth at the fastest participation client group being commercial customers reflective of the increased risk and volatility in that market. And it's just reflective of the work that we do to make sure that CME Group is the primary place for price discovery and most importantly, risk management for all end-user customers across the board. So that's some flavor on the commodity side.
Terry Duffy: Yes. And I'll ask Sean to comment as well, Alex. But I think Derek touched on a little bit with the options. And I think you look at where CME is at today versus where it was at just a few years ago with the different options that we have today with the different expirations, not just on a quarterly basis, but the weeklies and things of that nature, you're going to see fluctuations in options OI, which drives those numbers quite a lot up and down. But the good news about that is healthy options on futures business helps protect and grow the underlying futures contract in and of itself. So I find that a very good sign, but the volatility in the OI definitely goes in association with the new expirations that we have. I'll let Sean it relates to the rates.
Sean Tully: Thanks very much, Terry. So in terms of the rates, obviously, the open interest down a bit, but we're very excited about the huge growth in the first quarter over the fourth quarter and in particular, several different records that we had in terms of average daily volumes. So average daily volumes of our 3-year notes or 5-year notes or ultra 10-year and our 30-year bond. It was the best quarter ever, actually, for those particular items. In addition to that, we saw enormous growth out in our greens and our blues or our third year of Eurodollar futures and our fourth Eurodollar futures. So with the advent of rising rates, particularly on long end, our rates, particularly on long end, our volumes are following through as expected. One of the things to keep in mind is it remains an extremely challenged environment. And the first quarter was, in fact, an extremely challenging environment. If you look at it from a volatility perspective and foreign exchange. The euro, yen and sterling, if you look at the foreign exchange markets, in euro yen and sterling, their ranks in terms of percentile, volatilities going back to 2007, were 14%, 5% and 13%. So essentially, 90% of the time, volatility has been higher since 2007. If you look likewise at our rates market that out to the eighth Eurodollar future, in the first quarter, we were still running at still just a 5% ranking. So in other words, 95% of the time, going back to 2007, volatilities have been higher. If you go further out the curve, where we saw some increase in volumes that I already spoke about, our 12th Eurodollar future, for example, was at the 34th percentile ranking. And our 10-year notes were at 32%. So still very low volatility, even though we saw very good volumes, especially further out the curve. The other thing I might mention, you asked previously, there was a question previously about retail. And Julie did mention it, but we are excited about our micro Bitcoin launch, which will be happening next week. Bitcoin, you first talked about before, but I think I might talk about it somewhat differently this than I have in the past. If you look at our first quarter of this year, the revenue was higher than the entirety of last year, and it was about $4.7 million in the first quarter. So it was a positive and for the first time, much stronger than in the past. With the launch of the new micro Bitcoins, today, let me talk about the large Bitcoin futures that we have. It's 5 Bitcoins. And the margin requirements run typically more than $105,000 per contract. Obviously, that is extremely restrictive in terms of the number of participants and the types of participants who can be involved in that. With the new micro Bitcoin, it's going to be 1/50 of the size. The micro Bitcoin future will have approximately $2,000 margin. So you can see how that opens up a much wider potential customer base for that product. In addition to that, while the notional size of that product is 1/50, the size of the large contract, it's at 1/10 of a Bitcoin, the rack rate fees are 1/2 of our existing Bitcoin futures. So we're looking forward to that launch. In addition to that, the fees relative to other exchanges will be significantly lower even at that fee rate. So we're looking forward to that launch.
Mike Carrier: Thanks Sean. Okay, great. Thanks for the info.
A  Terry Duffy: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Great. Thanks, guys. So it's a good quarter for data revenues. Can you maybe talk a little bit about what drove the increase? And then I believe there was a price increase that went into effect in April. So how should we be thinking about the outlook, given that price increase?
A  Terry Duffy: Chris, we'll let Julie go ahead and talk about the market data business, and then John can talk about the price changes associated with this. So Julie?
Julie Winkler: Sure. Thanks for the question, Chris. Yes, it was a great quarter for market data revenue at 144 million. We're up 10% compared to first quarter of 2020. And it was a number of factors. I'd say, in addition to kind of that new fee structure that we've talked about before on nondisplay data, that was implemented this quarter. We also did some data feed pricing adjustments that were implemented in Q2 of last year. And so this was the first quarter that you would have seen those increases as part of the revenue. And in general, it's just increased demand across our drive data licenses and historical data as well as there were some higher audit findings in there. So I think we're continuing to see there's just consistency in our display device counts. And we believe that, that is a result of really better compliance and also reporting of usage by our client base. And when we kind of look not just at that quarter, but the outlook, I think what we're doing is listening to our clients. And we're delivering data in flexible ways, which is really how they want to take it in and use it on their end. So whether it's the data feed side of things, whether it's the new Google formatting that we're allowing and getting the data in the cloud, all of those adjustments are really just speaking to those broader data trends that are really kind of feeding both automated trading as well as clients' use of more sophisticated algorithms. And that really was the reason for the results. I'll turn it to John, but just what we have coming into effect here, April 1 is a change to the realtime pricing. And so that has not been changed since 2018, and we're taking that price per DCM from $105 per month per DCM to $110. So John?
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thank you, Julie. Yes. As I mentioned on the last call, we took a very targeted approach to pricing this year. We focused on our micro products. We adjusted the member fees -- I'm sorry, the nonmember fees for our micro equities. We increased that $0.05 per screen -- or $0.05 per side micro gold, which we increased $0.20 per side and micro silver, which we increased $0.40 per side. Those went into effect in February. So you'll see a full quarter impact of those price changes beginning in the second quarter of this year. As Julie mentioned, we also took our pricing on our screens in our market data business from 105 to 110. That's the majority of the revenue for market data comes through on this realtime data, which is what we adjusted. So targeted approach, we should see full quarter impacts of all of our pricing changes this year starting in the second quarter.
Terry Duffy: Thanks very much and Chris, appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. I was hoping you could spend a couple of minutes on the JV on post-trade services with IHS Markit. Maybe spend a couple of minutes on kind of strategic and financial implications for CME from this transaction over the next kind of 12 to 24 months? Thanks.
Terry Duffy: Yes, sure. Thanks. I'll start that off. We are very excited about the JV with IHS Markit. And we think that it's going to really be impactful to the industry. It will be a leader in trade processing and risk mitigation services. And it will provide our clients more efficient access to services, and it will be a great platform to launch new solutions across a broad set of asset classes, including interest rates, FX, equity and credit. So, the largest markets out there, we'll be able to service from an OTC perspective with the JV. And what -- and what's really exciting about the JV is that it's very complementary in terms of services that the IHS Markit business provides and CME's optimization services business provides. So, we're going to have this combined in terms of the business. We anticipate getting the approvals no sooner than mid-summer. But we are well on our way in terms of getting those approvals, and so there's no issues thus far in terms of the combination. In terms of what this means going forward, this will allow us to innovate and bring to market analytics, workflow tools, and solutions that allow our clients to manage risk and process much more efficiently. If you think about the data that goes to CME Group and the data that goes to Market Serve, which is IHS Markit's business, very similar data. And it will allow customers to connect to one entity versus multiple entities as they have cross-asset class exposures. So very, very excited about that. And then in terms of financial implications, what you'll see this quarter is a change in accounting for our business. It's going to held-for-sale accounting. So, you'll see on our balance sheet, it's spelled out on our balance sheet. We separate out our assets and liabilities related to the IHS -- I'm sorry, the -- our optimization business in anticipation of the combination. So, you'll see that in our balance sheet. From a financial perspective, it's immaterial financial implications for our adjusted earnings. On a GAAP basis, you'll see a reduction in our amortization of intangibles. So, our amortization of intangibles have gone down about $17 million per quarter, and that is really because we put on pause any further amortization of intangibles on these assets. So, those are the financial implications so far. We'll provide more information as we get closer to the combination.
Alex Blostein: Great. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ari Ghosh with Crdit Suisse.
Ari Ghosh: Hey good morning everyone. Just a quick one on product development. So again, if you're coming off of a few years of robust product development and again clearly, you've seen strong standard op with these launches. If I look at your recent innovation, it's been skewed around a little more around financial products. So just given the evolving environment of retail, ESG, global participation, etcetera, can you talk about areas of new product focus for CME and where you see the most opportunity over the near to medium term? Thanks.
Terry Duffy: Okay. Thanks, Ari. I'll let Julie go ahead and comment on that on the new products with her folks are working on these. So Julie, go ahead.
Julie Winkler: Thanks for the question, Ari. I mean, 2020 was certainly a busy year. I mean, we introduced over 85 new products last year amid the work-from-home environment. And I think we continue to be very focused on identifying those new opportunities with our clients and working across the organization to bring those to market. The first quarter of 2021 though, was quite active, I would say. And Derek will jump into across the commodity suite. So we had our launch of CBL global emissions offset futures, which was extremely well received by our clients, a major source of engagement with them and one that really is just going to kick-off a number of other new opportunities across the ESG space and the voluntary carbon markets. We've also been introducing some new Asia-focused products in the first quarter, adding China methylene and also Japanese electricity futures. We just recently introduced or announced the launch of the Mexican short-term interest rate futures. And just this morning talked since the release about the ESG 350 futures contract. So we're really focused on where there is specific market needs. And I think our clients continue to help us -- lead us to those opportunities. And with that, maybe I'll just turn it over to Derek to go a little deeper on commodities.
Derek Sammann: Yes, it's a great question. It's one of these things, Ari, that when we launch products, particularly in the emerging either renewable side or we're looking at ESG constraints, these are markets that are in the early stages of development. So it's not like putting a weekly Monday expiration route or a weekly Wednesday operation out or micro contract that instantly throws a bunch of volume out. So Julie makes the right point. We spend a lot of time working with, particularly our commercial customers, with the end users that actually have these underlying physical risks. And so I'll just give you a quick overview of some of the things that we've launched really over the last 12 months. Julie mentioned a couple that we've launched over the last 3 months. We already have a pretty healthy slate of bio energy products, whether it's the Chicago, New York ethanol contract that we have, Rotterdam ethanol, 2 contracts that we've launched that are going to sound really niche, but it's exactly in the kind of area that you're talking about, used cooking oil and used cooking oil methyl. These are really, really technical products that serve very specific functions inside the renewable space. Something that is a little more top of mind, cobalt and lithium. These are battery metals that are obviously absolutely imperative for  as the EV market grows and electronify businesses and cars and you go into carbon neutral world, copper is a big part of that. That's a huge part of our business right now, the fastest-growing part of our metals business. But most importantly, building these markets out to provide risk management solutions for commercial customers that need to be able to price and have access to these underlying physical products that are part of the future that we're building. So there are a couple of examples in there that are maybe quite narrow, and you're not going to see those do 100,000 contracts anytime soon, but they're serving specific needs. That's what we do. We talk to our commercial customers. Our focus is on how to build products that suit their needs. We can build open interest, bring the commercial customers alongside. And there are many examples we'd go into, but appreciate the question, but I assure you we're spending a lot of time with our global commercial customers building these products. In our investor deck, and we'll make sure that when we put those out, we highlight those to show the work that we're doing in this environmental space on behalf of our customers.
Terry Duffy: Ari, Let me just make a comment here. Innovation, we've said  I've been here for 41 years. Innovation is the lifeblood of this business as it is every other business in the world that you have to have it. So we are constantly looking at bringing out new products. The beauty of the world that we live in today, we are able to bring out new products in such an expedited fashion because of technology with everything else that's allowed us to do, whether it's regulatory approvals and things of that nature. And  but what's important here is, and Derek referenced some products, as he referred to them as, is timing is very important. So you want to make sure that you have products in your pipeline, and then you'll decide how you want to add cost to them when it's time to promote them in a different fashion. So I do think it's important, and Derek is right. You can get a derivative of a derivative and call it a micro and get instant volume. But through some of these other product lines, it takes some time to nurture, to bring forward, but it's important that you continue to innovate. So that's what we do, and the cost associated with it is nowhere near what it used to be 10, 20, 30 years ago.
Ari Ghosh: Appreciate all the color. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: All right. Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks. If you could just touch on the cryptocurrency ecosystem a little bit in terms of how you're thinking about that. Obviously, developing more Bitcoin products and especially on the micro side, I think you said the notion is going down to 1/50 or the margin requirements going down to 1/50. Just if you can comment on, first, how much demand do you think there will be for that, given obviously you're reaching down into that lower-margin bracket and potentially the pickup from Asia on that? And then secondarily, on the risk side in terms of margining, if you could just talk about how comfortable you are with those lower-margin limits. And as you think about the cryptocurrency trading ecosystem broadly in places where there might be even lower-margin requirements, see any systemic risks in the system, either for Bitcoin trading or that could eventually impact CME on the clearing side?
Terry Duffy: I think it's a really good question, Brian. And let me ask Sunil to comment on the risk component of it because I know it's the second part of your question. But I do believe it's very relevant as the growth of any product is to make sure you risk manage it properly. So when you're going into a contract that is margined at $100, 000 or whatever the number is to 2,000, you got to say, 'Well, how are you going to manage that risk?' So I'd like Sunil, who's the President of our clearinghouse, to go ahead and give you a little flavor how he's thinking about it.
Sunil Cutinho: Thank you very much, Terry. Very important to note that we did not reduce the margin. The margin is not lower. It is actually  the margin is just the same as the larger contract. The margin is a percentage of the notional. So in this case, our initial margin currently is at 38% of notional. It's still the same thing for the smaller-sized contract. I think what Sean Tully was trying to communicate was the larger contract at a very large notional size, and it was a very higher entry point for smaller clients, who have smaller hedging needs. So as a result, a smaller contract. Again, it's a 38% margin. But in order to get the same exposure, you'll have to actually get 50 of those contracts to equate to the larger contracts. So you'll end up with the same amount of margin. So there's no difference between the margin of the larger contract and the smaller contract in terms of its relative value to the size of the notional.
Terry Duffy: So, just so it's clear, Brian, we won't participate in a race to the bottom on margins on any product, especially cryptocurrency. So I think that's one thing that's critically important. Our risk management is one of the hallmarks of the growth of this institution. So we'll be very cautious how we do that. So you're right, we are going to have participants in here that have a different economic makeup trading these products than the ones that are trading them today, because of the value. That doesn't mean that the risk management changes at all. It will be just as stringent as it is as today. Sean, do you want to comment any more on a smaller contract?
Sean Tully: Obviously -- thank you, Terry and Sunil for clarifying what I said. I really appreciate it. No, we're excited about the launch. And the other thing I would add is Ether. So we do have Ether futures that we recently launched as well. Those Ether features doing more than 1,000 contracts a day, and so we continue to see progress. The other thing I would say is, in terms of the Bitcoin futures that we have already, as well as the Micro E-minis, we've added tens of thousands of new accounts. Actually over the last year, more than 200,000 new tag 50s. So we are penetrating new clients. We're bringing new customers to the exchange, and we're very excited about the new size of this contract, as Terry rightly said, allowing us to penetrate a different economic base of customers. But the ratio, as Sunil said, of margins to the risk is absolutely the same. But we are still very excited about that development.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Sean. Brian, I thought I gave some more color, how we're looking at it.
Brian Bedell: And just one angle of that is, just the cryptocurrency trading that's happening outside of CME on other platforms, are there any -- do you view any systemic risks that would potentially impact CME, or does your margin requirements, basically, they're pretty solid, and you wouldn't see any impact whatsoever?
Terry Duffy: Yes. I'll let Sunil comment, but I don't know if this is, if someone's sneezes we all get sick type of scenario, if that's where you're going. But let me have Sunil give a comment, as it relates to the risk management of other entities that are trading products and the contagion that could possibly happen to CME.
Brian Bedell: Great. Indeed.
Sunil Cutinho: We don't see any contagion from those. They are serving a different client base. They are not regulated in the U.S., and U.S. persons cannot trade -- technically cannot trade on those platforms. Our product is completely regulated here, fully regulated and as Terry pointed out, we stand by our risk management. That is very important to us, and we continuously monitor our clearing firms, and we look at contagion risk as well. Thanks.
Terry Duffy: So, again, we don't have mark-to-myth. We have mark-to-market, and we have margin going back and forth on real-time basis. We can do it as much as an hourly basis if we need be, but we do it twice a day in a typical day. And so, I'm very comfortable with the way we are managing the risk on that. But again, this is a new asset class. There's a lot of people participating in it all over the world. I think your question is valid, but I like our risk management model and the way we handle our client base.
Brian Bedell: Perfect. Thank you so much for such a comprehensive answer.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt: Hi. Good morning. Maybe just a modeling question for John. Just trying to better understand the moving pieces in the decline in other revenue. I think you called out client shifting towards cash collateral. I guess, can you just remind us what that means from a fee standpoint? So maybe the current net fees earned on cash collateral and the net investment income line versus the fee rates on the noncash collateral and other revenue. And then also, if you could just help us understand the size of the shift in collateral that client shifting collateral that's occurred over the past quarter or so?
John Pietrowicz: Sure, Kyle. Thank you for the question. Hope you are doing well. In terms of the sequential decline in other revenue, as I mentioned on the last earnings call, there were a couple of items in Q4 that would not continue. And that is driving the majority of the sequential decline. We had an annual adjustment based on exchange activity paid by our partner in Brazil for software that we licensed them. There was also a termination fee related to our agreement with the Korean exchange. Both were booked in Q4, and both agreements concluded in last quarter. So those are not going forward, and I mentioned that at the last earnings call. So there was also lower custody fees in Q4 versus Q1. That was about $2.5 million as customers chose to put cash up at the clearinghouse rather than noncash collateral. So those are the majority drivers of the sequential decline in other revenue. In terms of our collateral that's put up at the clearinghouse, when you take a look at our -- the average cash balances between the fourth quarter of 2020 and the first quarter of 2021, they increased from $86.1 billion in cash put up in the fourth quarter to $103.5 billion in cash collateral on average in Q1. So we saw an increase in the amount of cash put up at the clearinghouse, but we saw a decline in the return on those balances. It went from approximately 3 basis points down to about 2 basis points in terms of the return. So when you take a look in our other nonoperating section of our income statement, that -- those returns were about flat. So it was about $6 million in the fourth quarter of 2020, and it's about $6. 4 million in the first quarter of 2021. So relatively flat. So the increase in the nonoperating section of our income statement really is a reflection of the -- our equity and unconsolidated subsidiaries, and that's primarily driven by our joint venture with S&P Global in the indexing space. So those are the main changes between other revenue and then our other nonoperating section of our income statement. Thanks, Kyle.
Kyle Voigt: And sorry, John, just on the noncash collateral piece, can you just remind us what the net fees are there that you're earning within other revenue, the fee rate?
John Pietrowicz: Yes. I want to say it's 5 basis points is what we charge for noncash collateral put up at our clearinghouse.
Kyle Voigt: Got it. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: So that -- obviously, what you're seeing now is people make a decision in terms of what they have on hand to put up at the clearinghouse. And they also will then take a look at the returns they can get depending on what instruments they hold, whether it's for example, US treasuries or whether or not they would -- we would deposit that at the Fed, and then they would get a sharing of that -- of those returns that we put up at the Fed.
Kyle Voigt: Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: All right. Thanks Kyle.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Allen with Compass Point.
Chris Allen: Morning everyone. I wanted to follow-up on the market data question from earlier. Market did a future of about 12.7 million year-over-year, about 10%. I was wondering if you can give us some granularity just in terms of the dollar impact from the higher audit findings, you kind of break down the growth between what's been driven by price increases versus organic growth higher demand?
John Pietrowicz: I'll take part of that and then I'll turn it over to Julie to talk a little bit about kind of the organic part of the question. But in terms of the audit findings, what we saw from a sequential increase of about $2 million -- about $2.3 million -- I'm sorry, let me get that correct, $1.2 million in terms of sequential increase in audit findings between Q4 and Q1. So, when you take a look at the overall increase in -- sequential increase in our market data business, it went up about 4.4 million. So, about a quarter of that was -- of that sequential increase was related to increased audit findings. We did put in an impact -- a structural change in terms of our market data business on non-display fees. And that, I want to say it was about $2 million for this quarter in terms of impact. I'll turn it over to Julie for any other color.
Julie Winkler: Yes. I just think -- as John mentioned, those are all right at the additional on the data feed access side of things. That's where we changed the monthly per DCM fee for end users that we're going to take this mailable feed from the vendor. So, that price increase is the one that went into effect the second quarter of last year. That took the -- increased the fee from $375 a month per DCM to $500 for real-time. And then for the delayed fees, it went from $175 a month per DCM to $250. So from that, we're seeing fees up about 36% there and it's been -- versus what they were before. And then we're also seeing good growth in drive data. So, that's been up another 16%, and a lot of that is just people are continuing to want to use our data in other structured products and indices that they create. So, that has all kind of helped to contribute to that uplift that we talked about. But the main point being, right, is that subscriber device count still holds strong and does not decline, and we don't see the attrition. That's the key part because that is the majority of that data revenue.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Julie. Thanks, John. Go ahead, Chris.
Chris Allen: I would say, maybe any color just in terms of how much this kind has increased the absolute numbers, maybe percentage changes year-over-year?
Julie Winkler: Sorry, can you repeat that?
Terry Duffy: Yes, we didn't hear you very well, Chris. Can you say it one more time?
Chris Allen: Yes, I was just wondering if you could give any color just in terms subscriber account on a year-over-year basis.
Terry Duffy: Subscriber account, Julie.
John Pietrowicz: Yes, it's roughly flat, Chris. So I mean, I think what's really good news, I think, is really the pandemic really showed the importance of our data. And as we went to this remote working environment, people needed to utilize our data. And with so many -- so much happening in our marketplace, having that information is very important for them to run their businesses. So I've been pretty pleased, especially, we've made some changes to our pricing, and we haven't seen that flow-through from a subscriber perspective at this point.
Chris Allen: Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Herbert with Citi.
Ben Herbert: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I was just hoping you could drill down a bit on the continued non-US strength. And I know Julie mentioned retail was strong across regions, but anything to note, particularly on the large OI commercial base and then also maybe against kind of different phases of recovery across the globe? And lastly, John, if you could maybe walk us through how we should be thinking about any RPC impacts from non-US trend? Thanks.
John Pietrowicz: Sure. I'll take part...
Terry Duffy: Why don't you let Julie go ahead and comment on the strength of the U.S. and Derek and/or Sean can jump in, then you can jump in.
John Pietrowicz: Sure.
Terry Duffy: Julie?
Julie Winkler: Yes. So on really the international growth side, this was the second-best record ADV month with 6.2 million contracts trading and being up 33% versus what we saw in the fourth quarter. And this was driven just from a product side across a number of different areas. We saw interest rates up 70%. We saw equities up 15%, energy's asset class 20% and metals, 12%. So those are all clearly strong double-digit growth. This was the interest rates are at the strongest level that we've seen since the first quarter of last year. From a customer perspective, again, I think growth was generated really across all of the segments when we looked at it most in more detail. And the largest gains, though, were among our hedge fund clients and also bank trading activity. And that continues to kind of demonstrate that diversity of that client ADV contribution that we saw in Q1. If we just double-click a little bit on Europe, that being up 34% in Q1 to 4.3 million contracts. And there, we saw some strong growth in Eurodollar futures, treasury weeklies across really the whole treasury complex, copper and also gasoline. And APAC was a pretty similar story. There, we saw ADV of 1.5 million contracts. So that was up 33%, major growth again from a product perspective, Eurodollars, treasuries, WTI, copper and bonds. And when we look across all of the international countries, the top 20 -- all of the top 20 had double-digit growth, which is phenomenal. And this is where we're continuing to put our assets and our resources to kind of continue to grow that business. And in particular, again, I think for all of those regions, the hedge fund and bank clients were really the standout customer contribution side of things. And Derek can go into more detail on commodities.
Derek Sammann: Yes. I'll touch on just maybe the agricultural piece of this is that was really the standout performer that we saw in some of the trends we talked about earlier. Terry touched on some of these trends in terms of global utilization, the way we're focusing on global customer bases. Now ag showed some significant uptake just given the increased tightening stocks globally, particularly for corn and soybeans. Specifically in Asia Pacific, we set a quarterly volume record for agricultural asset class in Asia. Our Asian ag volume was up 57% year-on-year. That is a staggering number. But when you look at the continued globalization efforts that we put forward, whether it's electronic trading, whether it's the products that we're building out, whether it's the growth of our options business, we talked about the record corn options and soybean options open interest. Remember that open interest growth generally is reflective of increased participation from commercial participants. We typically see financial players then follow as they're following the open interest trend. So we saw record quarter. We saw a record individual month in ags in the month of January, and we continue to see going from strength to strength there. So the percent of our business taking place in commodities generally has been an area of growth for us over the last couple of years. This particular quarter, it was a highlight on ags. And that has obviously had a very significant positive impact on our rate per contract in ags that we saw a couple of cents uptick in rate per contract. Even with very, very strong volumes, both sequentially and year-on-year, we still were able to grow our rate per contract in ag. So I'll turn it over to John for some of the RBC effects.
John Pietrowicz: Yes, thanks. When you take a look at the RBC from participants outside the United States, it's certainly higher than within the US, and it's primarily for a couple of reasons. One, non-US participants tend to be nonmembers of the exchange. They pay a higher rate per contract because they're nonmembers  tend to be nonmembers. And then secondly, the mix of products that they the trade also tends to have a higher RPC. So when you look at the volume, the volume coming from outside the United States is approximately 29% of our total volume. And then when you look at the revenue, the electronic trading revenue from outside the United States is about 38%. So that gives you an idea in terms of what the premium is that they provide in terms of RPC.
Ben Herbert: Thanks, guys.
John Pietrowicz: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I want to go back to micro Bitcoin futures. And I'm wondering what has changed since the last earnings call so that CME has decided to launch micro Bitcoin futures? And then Ether futures volume, another record high. What do you want to see to feel comfortable of launching something like micro Ether future? Thank you.
Terry Duffy: I don't think anything has really changed since our last call. I think that we've always looked at the evolution of this product going to trade  to go into different participants' hands, as we talked about earlier. The  obviously, the massive increase we've seen in the price of the cryptocurrency in and of itself lends to a smaller contract for more participants to manage their risk in as we've talked about earlier. So I don't think we really had any change of mind since the last call. It's just part of the natural business decisions that we make here going forward. And as it relates to the Ether contract, that's a relatively new contract trading, Julie, with a couple thousand a day maybe, 2,000 a day. And we won't say never to a micro Ether contract. But again, we're going to continue to help nourish that contract along, and we'll see how it goes. So we'll make that decision when the time is right, if, in fact, the time is right. But right now, it was an appropriate move for us to work on the micro contract with Bitcoin. We have listed the contract for several years. We've had an opportunity to risk management as we talked earlier, which is critically important to this institution. So I think that's really the philosophy as it relates to some of the micros.
Owen Lau: All right. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Simon Clinch with Atlantic Equities.
Simon Clinch: Hi. Thanks for taking my question so late on the call. I was wondering if we could just go back to -- just help me think about what's going on with some of the trends in RPC? And I'm particularly thinking about the energy side in terms of the mix there and why the opposite tickler these last few months?
John Pietrowicz: Sure. I'll take that and maybe toss it over to Derek to provide some color. So in terms of the RPC in energy, we saw it decline a bit from Q4, and it was primarily driven by increased volume. We saw a substantial increase in the amount of trading activity between Q4 and Q1. And that really -- the increase in trading activity led to more volume discounting. We also saw a higher proportion of member trading activity, which also would have a lower RPC. And then last, what we saw is really a tremendous increase in the amount of WTI trading, which was up, I think, sequentially, about 37%, about 40%, I should say. And nat gas, which has a higher RPC was relatively flat. So what that did is that had a product mix shift towards WTI. Nat gas was a higher proportion of trading in Q4 than it was in Q1 because of the WTI increase in trading. I'll turn it over to Derek for some additional color.
Derek Sammann: Yeah, John. It's a combination of client product and geographical mix for us. We actually saw with the increased volatility around an increasing story around the global super cycle. That's tended to present itself this past quarter more in terms of the record levels of copper that we're looking at right now and that Ags piece of this. So we actually saw some sector rotation of some of the financial players out of energy into copper and Ags. We've talked about some of those trends. And it was a bit of a disappointing gas season for all of us. Last year, we had a really, really active gas season. We just saw gas disappoint over the last couple of months. So from a proportion point of view, a lower proportion total of gas versus WTI.
Simon Clinch: Understood. Thanks I just wonder if I can follow-on just with a question about -- just going back to expenses again. Because I know that when you originally set your targets for the year, you outlined it in terms of a more constructive revenue environment, I just wondered if you could talk about how -- given where we are in the first quarter and what we've seen, is that what we were talking about in terms of a more constructive revenue environment, or are you expecting more around as we move through the back end of the year?
John Pietrowicz: Yeah. I think it's more along. Obviously, we're very pleased with the first quarter of the year. That's certainly a nice uptick from Q4. So, certainly, very pleased about it. Really, it's more around the opening of the economies around the world and getting the opportunity to get in front of our clients in person, really is what we're thinking about. And certainly, some early positive signs around that. We do have some of our sales teams meeting with clients in outdoors and the like. But really what we're looking for is getting more customer events, more in-person events, more of our sales team meeting clients around the world. That's really what we were referring to, and that leads to additional travel, additional marketing events. Those are the items that we kind of put into our plans for the back half of this year, and we're hopeful we're going to see that.
Simon Clinch: Okay. Thats useful. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions at the time. I will now turn the call back over for closing remarks.
Terry Duffy: Well, thank you all very much for joining us today and taking time out of your busy schedules. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. Everybody, stay safe.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-10 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the CME Group Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2020 Earnings Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Peschier. Please go ahead.
John Peschier: Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. I'm going to start with the safe harbor language. Then I'll turn it over to Terry and John for brief remarks followed by your questions. Other members of our management team will also participate in the Q&A session. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in the filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Lastly, on the final page of the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terry Duffy: Thank you, John and thank you all for joining us this morning. Our comments will be brief in time so we can get to your questions. I hope you and your families are all staying safe and healthy. We released our executive summary this morning, which provided extensive details on the fourth quarter and 2020. As John said, I have John, Sean, Derek, Sunil and Julie Winkler with me this morning, and we look forward to addressing any questions that you may have. 2020 was a challenge with low volatility in several asset classes, including the front-end of the rates curve and in our WTI contract for much of the year. We did see some very encouraging signs with some of our higher rate per contract products. Also during 2020, metals had its fifth consecutive year of record annual volume and is off to a strong start in 2021. We saw very strong activity in our agricultural commodities in the fourth quarter and they continue to rise in the first month of this year, up 36% versus last year. Soybean futures had its second highest quarterly ADV, including record volume out of both Europe and Asia.  After the extreme volatility of the first quarter of 2020 as the pandemic began, the total volume came in at 15.6 million contracts per day in the third quarter and jumped to 16.2 million contracts per day in Q4. During this entire time, we have remained heavily engaged with our global customers. During 2020, our volume from clients outside the United States grew by 7%, reflecting the global relevance of our markets. I am encouraged by the January 2021 volume, which came in at more than 19 million contracts per day. We are very pleased with the progress we made integrating the NEX business during 2020, including back-office migrations to support finance and HR systems and the building of an integrated global sales team. Last week, we announced that Brokertec has migrated U.S. Treasuries benchmark trading and EU government bond and repo markets onto Globex. With BrokerTec's dealer-to-dealer platform now a fully integrated part of CME Globex, clients have an enhanced suite of government bond trading offerings across listed derivatives, cash and repo markets on a common platform allowing greater operational and technological efficiencies when managing risk across cash and futures. We remain excited about the migration of EBS onto Globex by year-end and the ability to provide further efficiencies to our global customers in the FX market. During 2020 and the first quarter of this year, we have continued to innovate with several new products. We will begin trading global emission offset contracts referred to as GEO futures on March 1, and we just launched our new Ether futures earlier this week. We continue to work closely with our global customer base on solutions to help them manage their risks. These new products build on the globally relevant products we have delivered recently including: SOFR futures, E-mini S&P ESG futures, the South American Soybean contract, Cobalt futures, options on our popular Bitcoin futures , and the popular micro products across several of our asset classes. With that, let me turn it over to John, who will discuss the financial results. John?
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Terry. Throughout 2020, we navigated the difficult operating environment, executed on the integration with NEX, launched new and innovative products and actively managed our expenses. For the year, we delivered $4.9 billion in revenue, up slightly from the prior year, and with a strong focus on expenses, we achieved $6.72 in adjusted diluted EPS. During the year, we announced our annual variable dividend of $2.50 per share, and we recently announced a regular dividend of $0.90 per share for the first quarter of 2021, a 6% increase compared to the first quarter last year. In terms of fourth quarter revenue, our average rate per contract across the product areas were fairly stable with our micro contracts continuing to perform well across several asset classes. Market data revenue was very strong with an all-time quarterly high of $140 million and was up over 7%, compared to Q4 last year. We were intensely focused on expense management throughout the year. At the beginning of 2020, we provided guidance for adjusted operating expenses, excluding license fees, of between $1.64 billion and $1.65 billion. For the year, we came in approximately $90 million below the midpoint of that range and $80 million below 2019 levels at $1.557 billion. In terms of synergies, we had initially targeted $110 million in run rate synergies by the end of 2020 related to the NEX acquisition. By year-end, we had exceeded that target and achieved a total of $140 million in synergies. This is net of the additional costs that we are carrying to run parallel infrastructures as we continue to work on the migrations to Globex. We remain committed to our target of $200 million of annual run rate synergies by the end of 2021. Turning to guidance, for 2021, we currently expect full-year adjusted operating expenses, excluding license fees, to increase slightly from the already low 2020 levels to $1.575 billion. For capital expenditures, excluding one-time integration costs and net of leasehold improvement allowances, we expect to be in the range of $180 million to $190 million. In addition, we expect our 2021 adjusted effective tax rate to be between 23.2% and 24.2%. Finally, we are very excited about the recently announced joint venture with IHS Markit and the opportunities that it will provide our clients and our shareholders. The JV will be a leader in trade processing and risk mitigation services that offers the combined clients complementary services across the global OTC marketplace in interest rate, FX, equity and credit asset classes. We dont anticipate any material change to earnings as a result of the JV. We will provide more information when the transaction closes. With that short summary, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Based on the number of analysts covering us, please limit yourself to one question, and then feel free to jump back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Well take our first question from Rich Repetto of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Rich Repetto: Good morning Terry, good morning John and I hope everyone at CME is safe and healthy as well. Hopefully were seeing some light at the end of the tunnel here.
Terry Duffy: Thanks Rich.
Rich Repetto: Thank you. So, my question is on the expense side. John, just trying to understand, you know you gave out that, I believe was 35 million, you expect to have the P&L impact of the synergies in 2021, can you tell us what the P&L impact the actual realized synergies in 2020 were? And also, what youre assuming for COVID environment I guess, that expenses and sales and everything stay refrained or restricted about the full-year? So, those are the two questions. Thanks guys.
John Pietrowicz: Great. Thanks Rich. Thank you very much. Yes, in terms of the synergies, we are anticipating achieving the $200 million run rates synergies by the end of this year. So, if you take a look at where we are at in terms of run rate synergies, we had originally targeted 50 million. In the first year, we achieved 64. We had targeted 110 by the end of this year and achieved 140; and we are planning on achieving the full 200 by the end of this year. So, if you look at it on a year-by-year basis we over achieved by, in terms of run rate synergies by $14 million last year in  by the end of 2019, again overachieved by approximately the same amount this year, we overachieved by about [$16 million] this year in terms of run rate synergies. In terms of P&L, we anticipate our synergies being realized in our income statement in 2021 of $35 million and so that is what we expect to have in our P&L. This is being offset by additional costs that we anticipate having in terms of increased depreciation related to our migrations on to Globex. So, the way that works is that we do some programming that goes into work-in process, and then it goes from work-in process into production. And when it goes into production, then that's amortized over several years. We also are building out our data center in Disaster Recovery Center on the East Coast. So that's partially being offset by the synergy capture. And lastly, in terms of, you know, our impacts, we do anticipate having some improved environment in terms of operating environment towards the back half of this year, and we anticipate having about $20 million in additional costs that we didn't have this year that we are building into the back half of 2021, you know, related primarily to travel marketing, and events. So, that's the story for 2021.
Rich Repetto: Okay, thanks. Thanks very much, John.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: We'll move on to our next question from Alex Kramm of UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alex Kramm: Yeah. Good morning, everyone. Can you touch on real quick tech a little bit more now that the migration is complete, couple of things: one, you know, what should we be expecting from this combination now to drive in terms of any sort of upside on either side? But then, I think Terry last quarter, you made a comment that, as you improve, kind of the offering to your clients, you know that obviously, you [were not] compensated for that. So, any details on any pricing changes? You're contemplating or anything that should impact the financials more directly outside of more activity? Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Yeah. Let me go ahead and ask Sean to make some comments on that. And then the rest of course I might jump in as well Alex. So, thank you, Sean?
Sean Tully: Yeah, thank you, Alex. And thank you, Terry. We are very excited about the migration of BrokerTec over to the Globex platform. I think I've spoken about before, but Ill mention then now. We are very excited, particularly with the new technology of being able to offer new products and services, in particular, the new RV or relative value curve trading order type. So, we're broadly very excited about this curve trade spreads, very popular, especially in this market. And this new order type will allow you to reduce the risk of trading that order type by eliminating the [need to leg transactions]. One, two, we're going to reduce the minimum price increments, in the spreads relative to the outrights. And then three, we're going to have the CME Globex implied functionality, which means that when you have a spread order, let's say between two year notes, and five year notes, and you've got outright orders in two year notes, that then should theoretically, but not only theoretically actually does on Globex imply allied orders and five year notes. So we're very excited about the new RV technology, we're launching it in March. Shortly thereafter, we're also going to be reducing the minimum price increments on three year notes. Weve got a total of seven different initiatives that we will be taking in order to make that platform more attractive relative to alternatives. And, you know, in terms of pricing, I guess I'm most focused on making sure that the platform is more valuable to our clients. And then we get more volume over our platform. And that's really our focus. And Terry, I dont know if you want to jump in?
Terry Duffy: No. I think that answered. Alex, did that cover? I didnt hear the other part of your question, if you have something on me?
Alex Kramm: No, I think you got both of it. Thank you.
Terry Duffy : Okay, great. Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Well now move on to our next question from Dan Fannon of Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. So, market data was an area of strength in 2020. And I think in your prepared remarks you mentioned that the record  your sales pipeline as you kind of exiting the year. So, thinking  how could we think about growth in 2021, and potential pricing changes, as well as the demand side, which is about the build on the success you had this past year.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Dan. Let me ask Julie Winkler, who runs that division to make some comments on market data. Julie?
Julie Winkler : Thanks for the question, Dan. Yeah, we did have a record year at data services, our revenue being up 5% year-on-year. And I think the work from home environment kind of further highlighted that need for real time data access, really across our global client base, as well as the need for historical data right, as we evaluated really the impacts of the volatile market conditions that we saw in Q2. We also made some investments in our business last year and so bringing that data business closer to our commercial capabilities. We established a data sales team. And we also supported a number of new products and services. And so that's where we really feel kind of that continued investment is certainly helped me to grow the data business and positioning as well as we head into 2021. Those solid trends we continue to see in the professional subscriber device count was strong throughout the quarter. And you know, with Q4, you know, revenue was up 7%, compared to where we were in Q4 2019. So, I think it's a strong, you know, definitely global demand, as well as things on the drive data front that are really kind of propelling the business. And this is just that longer-term trend that we've talked about on other calls, as customers use the technology and their trading strategies is increasing the need for our data through a number of these non-display used cases. So, we did have some minor fee adjustments that are being made in 2021 to really reflect how our customers are utilizing our data now, and also just the value of the data that we offer and the services that we have and how our market data customers are really receiving and expecting to receive that data. So, there was a $5 increase to our real time data from 105 to 110 per DCM per month that goes into effect in April.  And then we also had some pricing changes on the non-display and historical redistribution side. And those will kind of trickle in throughout the year, since there's certainly some licensing and implementation that will need to be done between ourselves and our customers. But we feel well, you know, that we're in a good position and as we onboard those customers and that were really, you know, going to be in a good position to continue to grow the business going forward.
Dan Fannon: Great, thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Well now move on to our next question from Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brian Bedell: Great, thanks. Good morning, folks. Hope everyone is well as well. Questions on retail participation, obviously, we're seeing that increase in the market, especially in equities and options, but also in futures, you know Schwab talked about leveraging Ameritrade capabilities and futures to the Schwab client, maybe if you could just give us some perspective on  into the portion of ADV or revenue that you think is coming from retail now, and some initiative where you can get  might be going in 2021, an initiative that you're working on in terms of conversations with retail providers like online brokers and also, obviously, you've been developing the micro complex. Maybe if you can talk about other product extensions across the micro complex that could help that as well.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Brian. And let me ask Julie to comment and then I would comment as well as it relates to what we think is going to go down and go forward basis. Maybe you can give an idea of some of the flows, Julie?
Julie Winkler: Yeah, sure. Thanks, Terry, and a lot of questions in there. So, I will start and then hand things back to Terry. So, you know, I really think and you mentioned that a couple of our, you know, broker partners in your question, and it's really because of that strong broker distribution network, the vast educational programs, and really the content that we support the diverse product mix that we were in a really good position to be able to take advantage of the increase in overall retail trading in 2020. We saw record levels of participation and revenue globally. And the number of retail traders that were active at CME Group last year increased over 50%. And so, you know, the biggest gains were definitely on the equity index products side where, you know, the volatility there really led to a lot of increased trading opportunities. And we also saw great year-on-year gains and metals that were up over 20% FX, as well as Ag. And that really speaks to, again, the diverse product mix and the fact that people are looking for different opportunities. We have been investing quite a bit in our sales and marketing staff overseas, both in APAC, and EMEA. And now they are playing also a large role as we've grown the business globally on the retail side. So, we saw both APAC and EMEA retail business was up double digits, you know, countries with strong growth continue to be Korea, Taiwan, and Singapore and then Germany and Switzerland and in Europe. So, I think, you know, the work from home environment, you know, has allowed I think, you know, the potential right for even more retail customers become active, and, you know, our digital outreach, I think was also just, you know, a real positive trend last year because we're able to just reach more retail and active traders than ever before. And so, the efforts through our education helped us reach over two and a half million new active individual traders throughout the broker, partner digital events that we have that were focused specifically on CME Group products, the largest group in Asia. We had events that the number of events increased over 65%, over 2019, so well over 400 events. And by going digital, you know, we reached 15 times more active traders than we have in the past when more of those events were in person. And also, you know, we're seeing similar strong trends in North America where the firm's there were growing their webinar output by 225%. So, we feel that this continued investment is leading us to have well educated retail traders and that really kind of helps position us for continued success. And with that, I'll maybe turn it over to Terry.
Terry Duffy: Thanks Julie. You answered a lot of the questions, let me just add a little bit. And I'm going to ask John to comment a little bit on the cost of some of these products too. Its really hard for us to predict buying what we think 2021 future volumes are for any particular constituent of the market participant going forward. But it doesn't take the last several weeks for us to think about the growth of retail trading. So, I don't, that's not the reason why we talk about retail trading. As you know, we've been building on this business for a number of years. But it's becoming more and more clear that in my opinion that retail traders want to have to participate in all different forms of markets. We are looking at all different ways to allow them to come into our markets. As Julie referenced education is key though. You talked a little bit about the micros and the growth of them. We are looking at other ways to continually work with our partners to bring in more and more retail participants. It's just one of those things that's not going away. I don't believe it's going away. And I don't say that because of what happened with the run up in some recent equities, and/or even in what they perceive as running up into silver, you can talk about fundamental stories that are in silver versus not fundamental stories of some of the other products that had runs on them. But there's no question about it that the proliferation of social media, the proliferation of access to marketplaces is allowing people to participate more and more, and they want to do that. And I think it's extremely encouraging for more and more young people to have interest in financial services and financial markets. So, we want to take advantage of that with them and bring them along in a very thoughtful smart way, as Julie outlined. So, it's not only micro products that we have, we're going to rebuild, we're looking at new and innovative ways to continue to move forward with this growing constituency of clients. So, very excited by the growth of that, but at the same time, I don't want you to think that we're just bait putting all of our  everything into one basket, such as retail, because we're not I mean, the institutional clients of this company are critically important. The commercials are critically important. So all the different parts that go into making a trade work are very important as we continue to move forward and grow this business, but we do not want to deny the access to the retail participant in a good, thoughtful, smart way. I mean, we would like to talk a little bit about couple of  some of the fee changes associated with some of these micro products. And maybe I can ask John to do that.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Terry. As everybody here knows the micros have been a tremendous success not just in equities, but also in metals as well. When you take a look at the equity micros, you've seen our RPC steadily increase over time, it was at [$0.114 around churn] in Q4 of 2019 and it hit approximately 2 million contracts a day in Q4 of 2020. And the RPC increased to $0.14. This year, we're taking a very targeted approach to pricing. And we're really focused on changes to the non-member fees in our micro products, with increases in micro equities of $0.05 per side, micro gold of $0.20 per side and micro silver of $0.40 per side, and those are for non-member fees. So, you know, I think we're continuing to add value in that product, whether it's increasing liquidity, working with our intermediary partners through education and also launching new products with the options on our equity products for the micros. So, those are some changes that we'll be rolling through, beginning in February. Hopefully that gives you a little color. Well wrap with that Brian.
Brian Bedell: Yeah. Thank you so much, thats super comprehensive. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Brian.
Operator: Well now move on to our next question from Ari Ghosh of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ari Ghosh: Good morning, everyone. Just a quick one on the joint venture with IHS on full screen, I was looking to talk about the market opportunity here, at least broadly given the large inflows and any thoughts around, you know, the potential size and growth of this business, just given the scale benefits that, you know, you'll enjoy in a stagnant market? And then any color on, you know, who joined customer base, the level of client overlap, versus perhaps you know, more of the complimentary portion of that that might be added to your overall client profile. So, any high level performance would be great? Thanks.
Terry Duffy: John?
John Pietrowicz: Hi Ari. Thank you for the question. Yeah. Were extremely excited about the joint venture with IHS Markit. For the customers and our shareholders, it'll be a leader in the trade processing and post-trade services. And it'll benefit customers by providing a more efficient access to services, and we think it'll be a great platform to launch new solutions across a broad set of asset classes, including interest rates, FX, equity and credit. This will allow us to innovate and bring to market analytics, workflow tools, and solutions that allow clients to manage their risk and process more efficiently. So, when you look at  when you look at the client base there is a substantial overlap in terms of large global banks, you know, utilizing the services, both of market serve, and our optimization businesses, but they're all across complimentary asset classes.  So, the strengths of market serve are very complimentary to the strengths of our optimization businesses. So what does that mean for clients? That means a much more efficient way for them to access those services because a lot of the information going to those platforms are very similar. And by providing, you know, one kind of point of access for that information, it will provide a lot of efficiencies for the clients and also reduce the amount of errors that could potentially occur as processes, you know, could potentially break down as you're accessing multiple platforms across multiple businesses.  So, very, very excited about that. So, you know, like I said, you know, the, the added value, I think that we're going to be able to provide, which I think will be very compelling for the clients is around, you know, additional analytics, additional workflow tools, and additional solutions that we're going to be able to offer clients, because we're going to be in a place where we're going to be able to provide our clients, you know, a window into a lot of their trade processing and post trade services across all those asset classes.  So, we think it's going to be pretty exciting. You know, just a couple of quick points on it. It's going to be a 50/50 joint venture. So, we will be using the equity method of accounting and it will not be consolidated, you know, at CME Group. So, you'll see a shift in the geography of our income statement, the revenue and expenses will be netted in the equity and unconsolidated subsidiary line of our income statement, similar to our indexing joint venture with S&P Global.  And as I mentioned, we don't anticipate any material changes to our earnings. One other point, just from a financial perspective is between now and close, you will be categorizing the optimization businesses as a held for sale asset in our 2021 financial statements. So, this will mainly impact balance sheet presentation. And there'll be minimal impact on our pro forma operating results. So, some change in geography, but most importantly, very positive change for the business. You know, and I think a real positive for our clients.
Ari Ghosh: Appreciate all your comments. Thanks so much.
John Pietrowicz: Yeah, thanks Ari.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mike Carrier of Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mike Carrier: Good morning and thanks for taking the questions. Given some of the pressure that you guys saw in [short rates] in WTI futures, yet in an improving economic and inflation outlook for, I believe for the back half of this year [indiscernible], just curious if you're seeing signs of increased traction in some of these areas, either from conversations with clients, the more participants or nuances in kind of the trading activity that you're seeing?
Terry Duffy: Derek, do you want to take that?
Derek Sammann: Yeah, thanks Mike. I appreciate the question. Yeah, we've seen a lot of action actually just in the last six weeks. If you look at the run up of the activity over the last six weeks, you've seen crude recover; you've seen WTI and brands actually move up in lockstep, there are a number of fundamental drivers as to what's going on. The market is generally responding to the increased expectation for economic activity with the vaccines rolling out, you've got significantly reduced stocks in Cushing. If you actually look at the drop in barrels, we've seen that a 14% reduction in the existing stock in Cushing. So, reduction were up 14%. When you look at the  what's actually driving the uncertainty around U.S. Energy Policy and the Biden Administration and the increased flow of exports in the U.S., you're actually seeing the energy curve and WTI right now, in what's called backwardation, where the front-end of the curve is more expensive than the back-end of the curve. And why is that important? That's hugely important because that actually feeds into the narrative that we're seeing more broadly play out in both metals and particularly in eggs with an overall price rising cycle. What that means is, you've got folks piling in on the increase in expectation for growth in price. What impact does it have in the business?  We actually saw one of our biggest days in WTI yesterday. We traded about 1.3 million contracts. If you look at our February ADV, it's about 1.1 million. That's up from 784,000 in Q4 of last year. The reason that's important is that that's actually driven us back to open interest levels that we haven't seen for over 2.5 years. We're about 2.45 million contracts open interest versus where Brent does at about, right about 2.6 million. So, as you've heard us talk about Mike, as increasing economic activity takes place that's represented itself in the form of use of our crude benchmark globally. A lie on the rise, institutional investment flowing in, and there's broader talk and the overall commodity cycle resuming you've got soybeans at $13.5, you've got corn at $5, and you've got oil at highs in over a year now. So, if the market is paying for economic recovery, you're seeing that reflecting both just below record levels of [WTI alike], and record amounts of Ag and metals product go into the franchise as well. So, I think this is the place [people are playing] in that Global Reflation Trade, and that's where you're looking at low yields in WTI at 8%. So, institutional investors are looking for yield. This is the place to get it in this market right now.
Terry Duffy: And just continue along with that a little bit, Mike, let me ask Sean, to talk just a little bit about some of the [rate] products, the silver and the ultra, maybe you can take about the back end of the Eurodollar especially Sean.
Sean Tully: Yeah, thanks very much, Terry, greatly appreciate it. So there's no question we're seeing a much better marketing environment in the last couple of months, across the rates businesses, a very exciting development and one that we've expected. And we are especially seeing that further out the curve. Some examples in terms of the market itself, if you look at the two-year versus third year spread, that has widened out to 1.81% or 181 basis points. We haven't seen an environment like that since February of 2017. So, the market is expecting very strong growth, and that's a very good indicator of strong growth on a go forward basis. Also, just very briefly, in terms of the Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities or TIPS, if you look at the 10-years TIPS, they're now implying an inflation rate  a consumer inflation rate over the next decade of 2.21%. That's the highest level we've seen in implied inflation since 2014, which is a 5-year TIPS, it's even more impressive at 2.31% implied by the market for inflation over the next five years. We haven't seen anything like that since 2013. How is that impacting our markets? It's been a very big positive impact, especially [indiscernible]. We've seen several new records this year in terms of open interest in terms of our ultra 10-year futures in particular, we've also seen very good growth overall in the long-end of the Treasury Curve. So, if you look through January, the ultra 10-year ADV was up 44% year-over-year. The bond futures is up 13%, the ultra bond is up by 7%. If you look further out the curve, if you look at, in particular, I guess, if you look at the back 32, the back 32 contracts in our Eurodollar futures, we've seen significant growth there in the fourth quarter, which was very positive results. And further, I guess I looked in detail at the greens and the blues. So, what are the greens. The greens are the 23 Eurodollar futures and the blues are the 24 Eurodollar futures. So, 2023 Eurodollar futures are running an ADV up or more than 100%. This year versus total year last year, and the Eurodollar futures likewise up more than 100% this year versus last year. The last thing I'll mention on the market side that directly impacting this, if you go back to the third quarter of last year, the first implied tightening by marketplace was in December of 2024. If you look at today's marketplace, they're implying a tightening in the summer of 2023. So you see the much improved market outlook with the impact on market pricing and a significant impact on our volumes, actually, I will mention I apologize one last thing, large open interest holders have also seen a very nice bounce. Actually, since December 1, our rates, large open interest holders has increased by 9%. And have recovered half of the losses, basically that we saw during the recent crisis and only 9% below the all-time highs in our rates larger [indiscernible]. The first time we reached that peak where we are so, less than we reached. The first time I should say we reached the current levels of LOI age in rates was 2018. So, we're seeing a big recovery there as well. Sorry, Terry.
Terry Duffy: That was very helpful. Sean, thank you very much. Thank you, Mike. Hopefully that answered your questions?
Mike Carrier: Yeah, no, it's great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We'll now move on to our next question from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alex Blostein: Great, thanks. Good morning, everybody. Just wanted a clarification for me. I know you guys provided an incremental color around capture rates for E-mini and Gold and on the Micro side. I guess, you know, John, if you think about the current mix things, say I know you guys change pricing on just the non-member side, but assuming the mix of volumes stays roughly the same. Can you give us a sense of what kind of performer capture rates for those buckets would look like in 2021, kind of performer for the changes in pricing?
John Pietrowicz: Yeah, sure. I think when you're talking about the mix of micros, and minis, is that what you're asking Alex?
Alex Blostein: Right. Right, exactly. So look, I know, you guys raised pricing on just a non-member side of the equation for both, I guess, you know, gold and gold micros and E-mini micros. So, Im trying to get a sense of what the run recapturing there would be for, you know, kind of assuming similar mix of volumes?
John Pietrowicz: Got it. Yeah. Okay. Couple of points. So, you know, one of the things that we've been doing over time is, you know, making adjustments in the, you know, some of the incentive plans for micros. And also, you know, as I just outlined, we made some fee adjustments. So, you know, a couple of things to think about. You know, number one, you know, the micros have been, have been hugely successful. And, you know, I think when you look at the changes that we're making, you know, I think from an overall company perspective, they're relatively modest. But when you look at the micros, you know, I think you'll see a more meaningful impact in terms of, you know, in terms of the, you know, the revenue, you know, and we don't think this is going to be impacting no volume, necessarily.  We're providing a lot of value for the clients in a product that's highly liquid. So, we think, you know, so we think it'll be, you know, from a volume perspective, not as impactful. When you look at the capture rate, you know, generally speaking, you know, it's roughly an 80/20 Rule 80% of the volume coming from, you know, coming from members, and then 20% coming from non-members. So, when you think about the capture rate, you know, that's something to think about. So about 20% of the volume roughly, will be impacted by the fee increase on the equity side. In metals, it's a little bit different. Its a little bit heavier on the non-member side, you know, a little bit higher than the 80/20 in terms of the non-members.
Alex Blostein: Great. That's helpful. Thanks.
John Pietrowicz: All right. Great. Thanks, Alex.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Owen Lau of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Owen Lau: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. So, CME just launched the Ether futures, and the volume of the Bitcoin contracts has been quite strong. Could you please talk about the regulatory environment for digital assets, and how it will impact CME to launch more products in this space? And also one more point, I want to plan to launch something like E-mini or micro E-mini become futures for retail investors. Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Thanks Owen. Yes, we have seen some upticks in our Bitcoin futures contract. Obviously, we're seeing a massive appreciation in the price, I think, as of this morning its around 46,000 a coin. So, we're seeing great appreciation there and of course, interest always follows those type of price improvement. Let me ask Sean, to talk a little bit, not only about crypto, but I think you also referenced E-minis in your question as well. So, Sean?
Sean Tully: Yeah. So, in terms of the new crypto contracts, in terms of Ether futures, on the first day, we traded 388 contracts, 55 unique accounts across 15 FCMs, and about 40% of that was customer paper. So, good starts to that, in terms of the Bitcoin doing more than 11,000 contracts a day, we are the largest risk transfer platform for Bitcoin in the marketplace. And we've got a significant RPC in around $4 a contract. So, both growing very nicely. You know, we do have [several thousand tag 50s]. They're trading at Bitcoin futures. So this also brings additional participants to our overall markets. I don't know if that answered the question.
Owen Lau: Thats helpful. Thank you very much.
Terry Duffy: And Owen, did you have a question about E-minis or not?
Owen Lau: Yeah, exactly. Like any plan to launch E-mini or micro E-mini Bitcoin futures for retail? Thank you.
Terry Duffy: Okay, thank you. So, the question was on the micro  potential micro E-mini on the Bitcoin contract. So, I think it's right now, without saying yes or no, we've seen a great appreciation, as I've said, in the product of itself, the price, but at the same time, the volume is still being nurtured, it's still growing. We want to be cautious about how many people are participating in this new asset class or [store of products]. So, I still store value, we need to make sure that we're comfortable going forward. We've always said, we're going to walk before we run when it comes to cryptos. I think with the launch of our new Ether contract, and people having the ability to trade one against another, we want to see how that starts to pan out for the pair trading or spread trading for other terms. And I think that's important before we decide we're going to move forward with a smaller version of a crypto contract. So, again, I think, you know, this contract is not that old. It's relatively new, the options were just listed on it, I believe, in the last several months, I'm a big believer do you have to get a look at options market along with your futures contracts, so you can continue to bring it to a broader audience. And that broader audience might be the people that we referenced in the earlier part of this call, which is more on the retail side. And they will obviously not  it's hard for them to participate in such a high value contract. So, smaller versions are something, you know, obviously, we're looking at it, but we have no plans to make any announcements at a launch of something of that nature, just at this point.
Owen Lau: Okay, thank you very much, Terry.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: We'll move on to our next question from Chris Harris of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris Harris: Great. So another one related to you know, the growth that's happening from retail investors. What do you guys think about the potential risk of increased regulatory scrutiny, the larger this business becomes, and related to that are there safeguards in place that prevent novice retail investors from trading futures?
Terry Duffy: Well, as far as the regulatory scrutiny, we don't need retail traders to get regulatory scrutiny, you get that with all different participants. And that was one thing that I've said forever, which is a benefit to this organization, that we are a highly regulated entity. And I believe regulation lends the credibility of any business and allows us to grow globally. And that's exactly what we've been able to do because of good smart regulation. Now, the question might be this, do we invite different types of regulation, because of the retail client entering into the marketplace? I don't believe so only because we've had a growth of retail over the years regardless. And I think when people have access to marketplaces, it's not like the SEC where the SEC's main mission is to protect the public from manipulation and fraud and other things  we have a global regulator that obviously is looking into those things as well. But I am very convinced that the retail participants will continue to grow.  And it doesn't mean you have to have additional burdensome regulation against them or against the entity that wants to house them, as long as your practices are in good housekeeping for lack of a better term from your margin requirements, to the money that you have on deposit for your FCM.  So, the whole host of things that the smaller clients need to make sure that they have to understand that they still need to have those requirements. I'll ask Julie to make some comments on the retail globally and other places as well. Julie, do you want to comment a little bit about them? But I think on a regulation side, Chris, I don't believe because the growth of these particular group of people that would invite new regulation. I think what you're seeing right now is a lot of headline regulation being discussed. It doesn't mean it's going to happen.
Julie Winkler: Thank you, Jerry. I think, you know, he makes a very good point about the differences in the market structure, right, between equity markets and futures. The other thing Id just had is that, you know, this is a critical part of what our broker partners and intermediaries really do to ensure that the retail and active traders that are going to be trading futures are qualified to do so. And so, we work with our partners throughout the globe, to ensure that. So just because you're able to trade in the equity markets, you know, that's not the same as having a futures account. And so, there has to be an intentional, you know, opening of that account, those restrictions, you know, are different varying on countries. But what we see is that, typically, right, there's a graduation of retail and active traders from trading the equity markets into trading equity options, and then coming into the derivatives marketplace. And so, that lends itself to be a more sophisticated retail trader. And that's part of what we work with our broker partners on the education front as well. So, they are well versed in what they're getting into and opening up accounts because they're ready to train in our markets, because we want to make sure they are well supported. And that, you know we have a good customer experience for them and a diverse set of products for them to access.
Terry Duffy: And so Chris, I've heard a lot of, and I'm sure you have as well is some headlines. And there's a whole host of people making different rhetoric as it relates to the recent activity by what supposedly some of the retail traders have done so that you have people talking about transaction tax, you have people talking about wealth taxes, and people talking about high frequency trading, and people talking about payment for order flow. Just so were all clear, what happened in the marketplace last week could have happened without any of those things being in place at all. So, it had nothing to do with it, but people are seeming to pick their favorite regulation leisure or tax leisure to add to what's going on in the marketplace over the last several weeks as it relates to some of this retail activity, which it has nothing to do with it. So, I'm hopeful that you know, we always have the ability to go voice our opinions as it relates to some of the potential regulatory conversations. There'll be a hearing coming up, I believe, this week or next. And then we will always participate in these to make sure that our voices heard. Again, I think what you're hearing right now is mostly headlines from a bunch of [pundits] about what they believe happened and how they believe they could have stopped it or not hadn't happened at all.
Chris Harris: Got it. Thank you both.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll take a question from Ken Worthington with J.P.
Ken Worthington: Hey, good morning. I love to dig a bit deeper into the FX business in advance of the further integration with UBS. Your FX futures volume and OI growth has been maybe more stagnant over the last six years, despite being a global product at a time when you've been very successful in building up this global client base. So, what's been weighing on, sort of CME FX future trading in OI growth over the, maybe the, intermediate-term, as well as more recently in zero rates? And then I guess maybe more importantly, with the integration of next, upcoming for FX, how did things change for the FX futures business? And how does the combination sort of jumpstart futures for CME?
Terry Duffy: Sean, you want to take that?
Sean Tully: Sure, thanks very much for the question, greatly appreciate it. We're very excited actually about the developments and the success we've had recently in our FX futures marketplace. We have over the last few years been continuously reducing the minimum price increments. We've done it across nine different instruments. We're excited actually. Late last year, we saw an all-time record open interest in our Euro versus USD futures, which is really amazing given the fact that volatility has been  has had a tremendous dampening effect on volumes.  If you look at last year across each of the major currency pairs, the volatility ranking was typically the lowest decile going back the last 20 years. So, in other words, 90% of the time, over the last 20 years, volatility was higher in each of the major currency pairs. Nonetheless, even in that environment, we saw a record number of record open interest in those euro versus USD contracts. In addition to that, the changes we've been making in order to make our complex much more attractive we've also seen recently good growth in block trade. So in the month of December we saw our largest ever, U.S. dollar versus Sterling options block trades. And that was the equivalent of $2 billion in a single trade. So, market participants are migrating more of their options activity towards the listed space that actually could accelerate through this year [indiscernible]. You know, something we haven't spoken about in a while because it was delayed last year relative to COVID, but we do expect therell be 100 new participants, at least 100 new participants that are required this year globally to adhere to the uncleared margin rules that's in September of this year. That should drive more products, requiring greater efficiencies, and in particular, to positively impact our FX options. In the month of January, after we saw the record block size in December in dollar versus Sterling, we saw a record block size in Aussie dollars that was 4 billion Aussie dollars. So, we have seen our FX futures last year actually outperform the spot market places. And we're seeing now some uptick in the option space, particularly in blocks. Now in terms of what the team is doing in order to make the [outset] more much more attractive and take the unique set of assets we have, right, so we now have EBS as well as the futures data. So, we are looking to use this unique set of assets in order to bring greater analytics, greater tools to the marketplace, to cross-sell our products down, and particularly cross-sell the futures down the EBS distribution channel, and to show participants the value of using both marketplaces. We have the analytics now that we've recently launched, that show market participants that you really need to use both the features, as well as the spot liquidity pools in order to optimize your execution and reduce your execution costs. Some of the new tools that we've launched, so  we launched the new FX swap rate monitor, we did that now. You know late summer of last year, more than 4,000 views, more than 3,000 users. This is using our FX link product. It's the first time ever with essential limit order book is standardized cleared lower total cost alternatives FX swaps available to market participants. We're seeing some greater uptick there. We are making some enhancements to technology that will come out later this year. That will make it much easier to consume for participants and we do expect to see significant growth once that technology is released. In addition to that, we also released the new FX vol converter tool. This takes a lot of our listed FX options and it converts it to OTC equivalents. So, all OTC participants can see our FX options on futures the same way they look at the OTC markets. We think that that's a part of what drove that record block trade in December, and the record block trade in January.  Last thing I'll mention is our FX market profile tool. This was the first time synchronizes the data between EBS spot foreign exchange, and our foreign exchange futures, ensures the relative liquidity that they offer spread, the top of books or the size available to hit the list in each of the two markets simultaneously, and it quantitatively shows participants the benefits, the benefits of using both [markets]. So, we're very excited about these new tools. We are distributing them out to the very large tail of clients. You know who use EBS, especially regional banks across Europe and Asia. And the most exciting is, I mentioned earlier, the excitement I have over the migration of BrokerTec over Globex, and how that's going to allow us to offer new products and services with that greater technology. Similarly, on the EBS side, they'll be migrating EBS overgrow Globex later this year, which will allow us to offer many new products and services across that platform, number one, number two, you'll also make it much simpler. Once we move it over for participants to trade on EBS. So, we should be able to attract new participants. Last thing Ill mention is, we've been investing in direct streaming technology. And we do expect to roll that out. Likewise, later this year, we expect to have the state of the art direct streaming platform available for participants in foreign exchange later this year. Once we do that foreign exchange, we will actually also roll that out in U.S. Treasuries.
Ken Worthington: Great. Very, very comprehensive. Thank you so much.
Terry Duffy: Thanks Ken. Thanks Sean.
Operator: Well now move on to our next question from Simon Clinch of Atlantic Equities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Simon Clinch: Hi, there. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if I could get an update please on the agreement with the DTCC regarding cross-margining, and whether that's already been submitted to the SEC, and in terms of timing of how long you think it might take for something like that to be proved, and when you might actually start to see the real benefits of that in your fundamental numbers?
Terry Duffy: Really good question, Simon. Let me turn it over to Sunil Cutinho. The President of Clearing House to address that [Simon].
Sunil Cutinho: Thank you, Terry. Very quickly, I think very few participants know this, but we currently have a cross-margining agreement with DTCC. Our effort right now is to improve that cross-margining agreement and enhance the savings. So we are actively working with DTCC. It's very hard to handicap regulatory approvals. So, all we can say is, we anticipate completing the operational effort this year. And then the rest depends upon the approval timelines with the SEC and the CFTC.
Terry Duffy: Just to add to that, Simon, we're hopeful that and Sunil has been working on this rigorously. But we talk a lot about efficiencies. And this is one of those efficiencies that we are very excited about once it gets put into place for our global client base trading and the rates in business. And you heard Sean Tully talk earlier about some of the encouraging sign around our rates business, especially with the widening of the yield curve a little bit and some of the things where this could be a huge benefit for us. So, we're really excited about creating more and more of these efficiencies. Its been pretty much one of the things that we've been focused on over the last several years is to bring clients efficiencies, which we think will bring greater growth to our businesses. And this asset class is waiting for that. So, we're looking forward to getting that agreement done with DTCC and the SEC, and then going forward with the growth that Sean has already pointed out in these rates businesses that would have a big part of truly. So, thank you for your question, Simon.
Simon Clinch: Okay, thanks both.
Operator: We will now move on to our next question from Jeremy Campbell of Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeremy Campbell: Hey, thanks, guys. And I know we're getting into injury time here, but, Terry, maybe just a quick one of the admission contract. I know, you know, we've discussed, you know, carbon offsets and other green contracts in the past. Just kind of wondering, you know, what's changed on the demand side of the equation that led you guys to launch this contract? And can you characterize the competitive landscape and how big you think this might be over time?
Terry Duffy: Yeah, great question Jeremy. Let me turn to Derek who's been working on this and launch this contract for us. So, Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yeah. Thanks, Jeremy. It's an exciting space. I think what you're seeing right now, and you're absolutely right. There is an absence of mandates globally, right now. The existing markets emissions tend to be very, very regional in nature. And why we're excited about working with CBL exchange on this versus our partner and developing this contract is it this represents a significant change in that these carbon Offset futures represent a contract that is an offset versus whatever it is that underlying product or emitter might be involved in it. Not limited just to the energy markets, imagine a farmer that wants to manage his carbon footprints, imagine an aluminum company that wants to adhere to either voluntary standards or regional standards and emissions credits. So this is a product that very capably is able to extend outside of just traditional space in energy and have an application across a full range of our commodities participants, even non-commodities participants. The feedback that we've got in both in the validation stage of going out to the market, and assessing an interest in this, and actually since we've announced has been bigger and actually more overwhelming than we had anticipated. So, it is to remind everybody, this is a voluntary emission offset. It's based on standards that the market participants are agreeing to. And the competitive space is one that is open right now. We can look at the position that we're in, in our commodities markets. We are the largest metals market. We are the largest energy market. We're the largest agricultural products market. So, the application of these offset products, extend well beyond just the energy space. So, we think this is going to be a process of not just dealing with fossil fuels market in transition. You look at most company charters, right now everybody's trying to adhere to ESG standards that apply to what they feel our carbon footprint needs are. So, this is broadly applicable to a lot of different market participants. The feedback we're getting validates that. We're excited to get this out. We've got a whole host of market makers and market takers lined up on this.  So, we're excited about what this could mean. And this is a slightly different product than what you're seeing in the existing products that we have, and others have that are really regionally focused. So, we think this is early days in this. We think this is extensible out to the range of benchmark markets that we run, and where we run the majority liquidity in. And so we think this will be a great service to customers, looking to extend their ESG credentials and manage their carbon footprint and really new and unique and market oriented ways. 
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Derek. Thanks, Jeremy.
Jeremy Campbell: Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kyle Voigt of KBW. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, thanks for squeezing me in here. Just wonder if you can update on your thoughts around M&A? You're in the final stages of the next integration, youre at your leverage target. And as we look around the exchange sector, many of your global peers have just recently closed large transaction. So, I guess, are you seeing attractive opportunities out there? And what are you looking for strategically in terms of what that asset might add to CME? Is it improvement revenue growth within the different asset classes, you know adding non-transaction businesses? Just wondering, kind of what the strategic priority is? Thank you.
Terry Duffy: John? A - John Pietrowicz Hi, Kyle. This is John, jumping in. You know, I dont  there hasn't been any change in terms of our M&A strategy. You know, we are always looking for opportunities to create shareholder value. And as you've heard, you know, across the board here, you know, create efficiencies and opportunities for our clients. So, you know, the recently announced joint venture with IHS Markit, is a great example of that. We're taking our assets, combining them with assets of a partner of ours, and creating value for our clients, and ultimately our shareholders, by providing more efficiencies for those clients and then using that as a platform, you know, to provide other services around, you know, around that. So, that's our primary focus. I wouldn't say that we necessarily are looking specifically for, you know, a type of revenue, whether it's, you know, whether it's transactional or subscription. I would say we are more focused on optimizing the revenue. And, you know, based on the industry that asset is in. We are very focused on completing the NEX integration. As we mentioned previously, you know, we're targeting 200 million in run rate synergies by the end of this year. You know, we're well on track, and we've exceeded our synergies each of the last two years. And were well on track to achieve that 200 million for 2021. So that is, you know, that's our point of view. And with that, I'll turn it over to the next question.
Operator: We'll move on to our next question, which comes from Chris Allen of Compass Point. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris Allen: Yeah. Good morning, everyone. Just a real quick one from me. You talked about price increases in the market data and on the micros, have you enacted any other price increases in the other products that we should contemplate for this year?
Terry Duffy: John?
John Pietrowicz : Yeah, thanks. Thanks, Chris. You know, as we recall, in 2020 we made a number of adjustments across all of our asset classes with an expected revenue impact of 1.5% to 2% in futures and options, transaction fees. And, you know, I've reviewed the results of that, and we did achieve our objective. Going into this year, we're being very targeted in our approach, and you hit on all the ones that we've announced. We've announced adjustments to our  the member fees of the micros, and we've made some selective adjustments to our market data business in terms of increasing the screen fees for real time data and also the non-display data. So, those are the ones that we've announced thus far. I would say this is a year that will be flexible in terms of our approach. And, you know, a lot of, you know, a lot of it really depends on how the year plays out. So, you know, we'll always be looking at creating value for our clients, and, you know, charging appropriately for that value that we're adding.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Chris. Thanks, John.
Operator: Well take our next question from Patrick O'Shaughnessy of Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Good morning. What's your assessment of the competitive landscape in cash U.S. Treasury is trading, particularly in light of the pending sale of NASDAQ fixed income to trade web?
Terry Duffy: Sean, you want to address that?
Sean Tully: Yeah. So, no question we embraced the competition and we're continuously looking to make our platform and our services far more attractive to participants. As I mentioned earlier, we're very excited about moving the BrokerTec over to the Globex platform. That improved technology will allow us to create much more attractive products and services like RV technology. The implied that we have on RV are unmatched by any other technology in the marketplace. And so we are very excited about that as unique value proposition. In addition to that, we've got a unique data set that nobody else in the world has, which is the ability to synchronize our treasury futures data along with our cash treasury data. So, in addition to the 100 billion plus of cash treasuries that we trade on BrokerTec every day, recall, we do $400 billion-ish a day in our treasury futures. So, we've got unique data sets with unique efficiencies that will provide market participants and unique analytics in order to improve their execution. In addition to that, we are investing in, as I mentioned earlier, BrokerTec Stream. So, direct streaming of U.S. Treasuries. And on the benefits of having both the streaming platform as well as a central limit order book. So, we have the strongest dealer-to-dealer central limit order book in the world. We are building our direct streaming business dealer-to-dealer. And we're combining that with the unique data that we have in futures to provide a unique set of analytics and efficiencies that nobody else can offer. So we embraced competition. And as I said earlier, I'm constantly focused on making sure that we have the single most attractive place, the single most attractive platform for any participants in order to execute their risk. I hope that helps.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Sean. Thank you, Patrick.
Operator: We'll move on to our next question from Alex Kramm of UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alex Kramm: Yeah, hey. Just a couple of quick follow-ups here, and I apologize if this has been mentioned before. One, on the other revenue, John, did you mention what drove the strength this quarter? And how do I think about the sustainability of that line item or what seasonally may change here, I guess over the next few quarters? And then just as a quick follow-up to the question just now on the treasury business. I don't know if you've talked about this in the past, but I think it was in the prepared deck, again, the dealer declines, repo offering that you have, I guess, within BrokerTec now or NEX now. Have you talked about this before why you're doing this? And also, does that mean that you're maybe willing to play a little bit more on that D2C space, I think historically it's been really dealer-to-dealer? So, any quick comments there will be appreciated. Thanks.
Terry Duffy: Okay. Let me ask John to comment first and then I'll turn it to Sean. Before Sean makes a comment, let me reference something about the dealer decline and the dealer-to-dealer, the way our structure is with BrokerTec.
John Pietrowicz: Yeah, thanks. No, we didn't  we hadn't covered the other revenues yet, Alex. So, when you take a look at our other revenues, you know it's up about $10 million sequentially between Q3 and Q4, and there are a number of puts and takes. But the primary driver of the increase is our annual adjustment based on exchange activity paid by our partner in Brazil for software that we licensed them. There was also a termination fee related to our agreement with the Korean Exchange. Both these agreements concluded in the fourth quarter of 2020. So, you will not see that $10 million step-up between Q3 and Q4 going forward.
Terry Duffy: Sean, why don't you address real quickly the dealer-to-client I believe on the repo side and not so much on the BrokerTec dealer-to-dealer platform?
Sean Tully: Yeah. Thanks very much, Terry. So, we do see  and thanks for the question. We do see the opportunity and we are executing on a dealer-to-client repo platform, both for Europe and we've recently launched it in the United States. We see it as offering huge operational efficiencies to market participants, especially between dealers and customers relative to that transactional handshake. There are also opportunities then to leverage obviously the dealer-to-dealer platform in combination with the dealer-to-customer platform in repo. In dealer-to-customer space, we are seeing near all-time record European repo volumes on our dealer-to-dealer space recently. So, we are engaged in that space. We do believe that we can add electronic operational efficiencies to that space. And we are seeing so far good uptake from our customers.
Terry Duffy: And again, just to reemphasize, Sean, we have not changed any, structurally around our dealer-to-dealer platform as it relates to the BrokerTec treasuries just on the repos.
Sean Tully: That's absolutely correct, Terry. Thank you for clarifying.
Terry Duffy: Okay. Thanks, Alex.
Alex Kramm: Thank you.
Operator: We'll now move on to our next question from Rich Repetto of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Rich Repetto: Yeah. Thank you. And Terry, first, thanks on, sort of level headed comments on equity market structure. [We'll see] whether regulators and lawmakers follow that sort of the level headed thing about it.
Terry Duffy: We will see.
Rich Repetto: Yeah, we will see on February 18. So, I guess following that line and thinking up from a regulatory standpoint, you mentioned or someone asked about the margin efficiencies from DTCC to the CME Clearing House. And I know you bring benefits from a technology side, from a data side, but maybe this is sort of like just top off the whole promise of trading cash and futures on the same platform adding to those other benefits. Like, if there is an offset that that's clearly, what is the regulatory hang-up or process here if there was only cash and you have an offset from a future why  been a long process, but what make it more difficult, I guess is the question?
Terry Duffy: Yeah. Good question, Rich. Let me ask Sunil to comment a little bit. But you are absolutely correct. One of the great benefits of the transaction with NEX was doing the integration of BrokerTec on Globex to create the official to going forward. And we are, as you've heard other speakers talk earlier, very excited by that integration being completed and on to EBS to create new efficiencies. That is really what we're all about. Let me ask Sunil to comment a little bit on the risk side and the efficiency side on the margins.
Sunil Cutinho: Thank you, Terry. Rich, just to give you a simple answer, we currently have cross-margining agreement and there are participants who are taking advantage of the offsets between cash and treasury futures. So, it is an existing program. We started this in 2003. And we continue to provide that service. What we are doing right now is enhancing that. So, we are actively working with DTCC. Now, given that it is two clearing houses, two separate clearing houses, and the fact that we are regulated by  one is by the CFTC and the other is by the SEC, we just have to work through the process to get any enhancements improved. So that does take time, but we are very confident that we'll get through that process. It's just that it's very hard for us to give you a timeframe when it comes to regulatory approvals. So that's what we're saying. So, operationally, we continue to work actively in improving the margin efficiencies between our two clearing houses. I hope that helps.
Terry Duffy: Yeah. And again, Rich, we can't control the bureaucracy of the SEC or the CFTC. But I will say that, I think the clients are really pressuring also because they know the efficiencies that this brings without adding any risk to the system, which is critically important, and the regulators hopefully are weighing that. In a very margin intense world that we live in, there always have been, especially in this world today of interest rates. So, I'm hopeful that we will get this agreement completed and start seeing the benefits go to the clients because that's exactly what they need to do to continue to run their businesses more efficiently, and I think the governments understand that well.
Rich Repetto: Okay. Got it. Thank you very much.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: We will now move on to our final question from Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks so much for taking my follow-up. Just want to clarify  I just want to follow-up to the retail question I had earlier, if you're disclosing the proportion of either revenue or ADV that's coming from retail, I think you did that a while back. And then maybe it's a question for Sean also on LIBOR for 2021 in terms of how you see that developing for the SOFR, the CME SOFR contracts versus the Eurodollar contracts. Whether you think that transition is really going to take a lot longer, and therefore, that switchover to SOFR will be much more slow  much more gradual?
Terry Duffy: So Brian, let me ask John and/or Julie to comment on your first question. I'll make a comment around LIBOR and kick it to Sean to wrap it up.
John Pietrowicz: Yeah, thanks. We don't and haven't disclosed the revenue from retail for a while. In general, when you take a look at the retail business, we're generating in the fourth quarter about a million contracts a day from what we call the Retail segment or the Active Trader segment. So, it also  we made a comment today around the proportion of member, non-member mix and the adjustments we made to the pricing. So that should help in terms of modeling it out. So that is  that question, I'll pass it over to Sean on the follow-up question.
Terry Duffy: And as Sean is getting ready to respond to that, let me just make a comment. One of the things that we have said as it relates to LIBOR and it relates to the transition over, especially over the last year, year and a half is that we believe we're in a very strong position to benefit from whatever is the outcome as it relates to LIBOR. And I think what you heard from Sean earlier, and I'm sure he will reference this himself, but I didn't want to  I'd be remiss if I didn't say it again.  When we're looking at the growth of the back 32 of the Eurodollar contract like we're seeing today, we're looking at the growth of the silver futures contract like we're saying failed. Roughly 94%, 96% of the open interest being held here at CME. We are the beneficiaries of interest of both products growing. And that is something we said is a strong possibility and we're starting to see that mature in our favor, and we're very encouraged by that. So, Sean can talk about the timing or the transition from LIBOR to SOFR. And I guess Sean could be a bit speculative, but there are some hard dates that people are talking about and fall backs associated with that. But I would be remiss if I didn't remind folks that it is important that we have a really strong rate franchise with efficiencies that are almost unmatched anywhere in the world, and we are very excited that we can participate both in SOFR and in Eurodollars. Sean?
Sean Tully: Yeah. So thanks so much, Terry, for that, and thanks for the question. There are several points in there. So again, in terms of the back 32 between the fourth quarter of 2019 and the fourth quarter of 2020 the ADV grew. So it's in the Eurodollar futures. They grew by 36%. So, a very positive result. As I said earlier, we've seen very good growth in January in the green and the blues of the 2023 and 2024 contracts. And for that curve, Eurodollar futures is growing very strongly. At the same time, we've recently seen a number of records in our SOFR futures. 2020 was a record year for volume in SOFR futures of 51,000 contracts. And so far this year, we're doing more than 100,000 contracts a day. In January, we also saw an open interest record of 727,000 SOFR futures contracts. We also saw a record number of large open interest holders in our SOFR futures of 175 large open interest holders. And we have more than 500 participants trading in the SOFR futures. Last thing I'll mention in terms of SOFR is that if you look at the global SOFR marketplace in terms of futures, we have about 80% of the average daily volume so far this year and we are running 92%, 93% of the global open interest. So we see recently good growth in the back end of the Eurodollar futures, also extremely good growth in our SOFR futures. They absolutely have somewhat different takes on [each Street market] and both are useful from a participant standpoint. We have seen from IBA and the FCA, they recently did launch a survey I guess of where they are potentially looking at whether or not LIBOR should continue to be published post June of 2023. So that's a long time away. There is a lot of uncertainty. In the meantime, our SOFR futures are growing strongly. The back-end of the Eurodollar futures are growing strongly. And I think we're exactly where we want it to be. As Terry mentioned, in terms of efficiencies, with the huge open interest in our Eurodollar futures, the bulk of the open interest in SOFR futures, obviously from an execution, clearing standpoint both, the commodity spreads on the execution side as well as then margin offsets between the two futures contracts, no one else can compete with those sets of efficiencies. In addition to that, we've got SOFR interest rate swaps, as well as obviously of our LIBOR-based interest rate swaps and the potential for portfolio margin offsets between all of those futures and all of those swaps left. In terms of the portfolio margining, I think I talked about this on last earnings call, but we did offer starting December of last year, portfolio margining between Eurodollar options and interest rate swaps. We've got more than a handful of participants taking advantage of that and already getting well over $100 billion a day worth of margin efficiency. So, we continue to enhance the efficiencies. Last thing, I will mention one last thing. Don't forget, we have the single largest U.S. Treasury Repo platform on the planet. That is where SOFR is created every day to a large extent. So, we also are providing the actual transactions that go to making up SOFR every day in addition to our silver futures and silver swaps, and I will end there.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Sean. Thanks, Brian. Hopefully they gave you a little color.
Brian Bedell: Yeah, super helpful. Thank you so much.
Terry Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back to management for any closing or additional remarks.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, John. We appreciate it very much. We appreciate you taking time out of your busy day to participate in our call today. And we wish you and your family continued safety and health. So, thank you for dialing.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the CME Group Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Sir, please go ahead.
John Peschier: Good morning and thank you all, for joining us. Im going to start with the Safe Harbor language, and Ill turn it over to Terry and John for brief remarks, followed by your questions. Other members of our management team will also participate in the Q&A. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statement. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in our filings with the SEC which are on our website. Also on the last page of the earnings release, you will find reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you, John, and thank you all for joining us today. I wish you all the best, you and your families during this challenging situation for many around the world. My comments today will be brief as John said so we can spend majority of our time directly addressing to questions. We released our executive commentary this morning which provided extensive details on the third quarter. Also as John referenced, I have John, Sean, Derek and Julie Winkler were with me this morning and we all look forward to answering your questions. We continue to see historically low levels of volatility in several of our asset classes, which began in the second quarter. During the third quarter, we averaged 15.6 million contracts per day down from 17.6 million contracts per day in the second quarter. We're fortunate to have a broad product portfolio. During the third quarter we saw strength in our equity business, our higher rate per contract metals and agricultural products delivered volume growth in Q3 and FX volume recovered, an average of 100,000 contracts per day, higher in Q3 than Q2. Our market data business during the quarter had exceptional results with revenue of $139 million, the highest quarter in our history. We continue to launch innovative new products. And we have prepared for the cutover a BrokerTec onto Globex later this quarter. We remain committed to achieving capital and operational efficiencies for our clients. Clearly, the lack of volatility is impacting two of our largest asset classes, rates and energy. That is the current reality but not a permanent one. We have intensified our efforts on the expense side, which is something we can control. As John will discuss in a moment, we are reducing our 2020 expense guidance by $70 million from the initial guidance we provided in February. Realizing we are in a tough environment, we also plan to deliver very strong expense management going into 2021. With that short intro, let me turn the call over to John to talk a little bit about the financial results.
John Pietrowicz: Thank you, Terry. With our strong expense discipline and the remote working environment, we finished the third quarter with adjusted operating expenses excluding license fees of $386 million down 6% compared to the same period last year, and down 5.5% year-to-date. We are extremely focused on actively managing our costs as Terry mentioned. This expense level reflects the entire company effort to ensure that we are spending as efficiently as possible in the face of a tough operating environment. Our adjusted diluted EPS for the quarter is $1 38 and is $5.34 through three quarters which is up slightly from last year. Based on our outlook for the rest of the year, our guidance for adjusted operating expenses for 2020 excluding license fees has been reduced to $1.575 billion down from $1,645 billion, which is the midpoint of our initial guidance at the start of the year, and down $20 million from our full year estimate we updated last quarter. Finally, we're beginning our budgeting process for 2021 and we expect the intense expense focus to cover -- to carry over into next year. We recently let our employees know that we are deferring promotions for now, freezing wages going into next year, and we are looking at other opportunities to reduce discretionary spending. With that short summary, we'd like to open up the call for your questions based on the number of analysts covering us, please limit yourself to one question, and then feel free to jump back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question will come from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.
Rich Repetto: Yes, good morning, Terry. Good morning, John. And I hope everybody is -- good morning. Hope everybody is safe and well. You talked about the environment -- the low interest rate environment, but you do have this migration cutover in the fourth quarter. So I guess, Terry besides the savings that you expect from it, I'm just trying to get a better idea of what you think the behavior changes, like whether you've sort of got a better feel for the margin savings and could we see a change in behavior from it? And also, I know there are some new regulations from the SEC out on treasury trading platforms and whether that -- recognizing them as ATS. Will that have any impact on BrokerTec and cutover?
Terrence Duffy: Yes, thank you Rich, and I hope you and your family are well. I'm going to ask John to come up. But before I do that, I'll make a few remarks as it relates to what I perceive as potential behavior changes as the platform comes on to Globex. I am, like everybody around this organization, very excited about having BrokerTec onto the Globex platform to deliver the efficiencies that we've talked about when we first made the announcement of the transaction, I don't think you can underestimate the value of cash and futures on a single platform. So we really are against the liquid platform like futures, because we've never seen it before. So even though the rates, as we've discussed are in a very disappointing place as far as the Fed policies go, it doesn't mean that people will stop managing their rates, we're still continuing to see a tremendous amount of issuance going, especially into the long end of the marketplace, we're going to see that. And we are excited by the BrokerTec integration onto that. So the behavior, I've heard a lot of positive things from the client base as how they're looking to manage risks, as it relates to the other questions around the SEC, and others that you asked, Ill ask John to make a comment. But behaviorally, I think that the participants are excited about having this single point of contact to manage that risk.
Sean Tully: Terry, this is Sean jumping in. Can you hear me?
Terrence Duffy: Yes. Yes, go ahead.
Sean Tully: Yes, so I'll jump right in then in. In terms of the migration to Globex. I'm very excited about the Globex technology, customers are very excited about the Globex technology and the significant increase in determinism that it offers to our client base. In addition to that, I'm very excited about the functionality that we're going to have available to us on Globex for BrokerTec cash markets that wasn't available previously, on the previous technology. In particular, I'm very excited, we do plan on launching, shortly after we migrate BrokerTec to Globex, we will launch something called RV or Relative Value trading. This, for the first time, will allow Curve order types. It will allow you to trade the spread between different securities. So simultaneously buying and selling different securities such as two-5s, five-tens, tens-bonds. By doing that, actually, there is a number of different values that will be added to the market first. You'll no longer have to leg those spread trades. We believe that 10% to 15% of the Treasury market is probably done in curve trades. Although today on BrokerTec, they are done as legged individual trades. So first, you'll eliminate that legging risk. Secondly, by putting in a spread order type, we're going to have that spread order type at a much tighter minimum price increments than outright contracts. Third, we're going to use implied functionality on Globex, that has been extremely successful in our Eurodollar futures for example, where when you have an outright order, let's say two year notes, and you've got a spread order in twos versus fives that then implies an outright order in five, five year notes. So we're very excited about it, reducing risk in the trade, lowering the cost of the trade and enhancing the overall liquidity of the platform. So we are very excited about that. I might mention a couple of other things that we're investing at the same time. Now another platform we are investing in the EBS side is something we call QDM 2.0 or Quote Driven Markets to 2.0. This is a brand new technology state of the art technology that will allow us to have much faster round trip times and much better technology overall, for the bilaterally traded foreign exchange market. So we're equally excited about that. We do expect that to be fully rolled out sometime next year, we have begun rolling it out now. Last maybe I'll mention before stopping. We're also very excited about new analytics that we are able to deliver to clients having both the cash and futures platforms that Terry mentioned earlier. So next week, we're going to be launching a new tool on our EBS Quant Analytics platform. EBS Quant Analytics is a total cost to trade or a transaction cost analysis for the foreign exchange market. It currently allows you to look at the bid offer spreads and the depth of book in the bilaterally traded market on EBS that we're using your current chosen liquidity providers, it allows you to look at all the other liquidity providers that you are not currently using, it also allows you to look at the central limit order book. So we're in the process of adding futures to that analytical tool. In particular, we're going to be adding something called market profile. So this will show the great value of having both the futures liquidity pool and the cash liquidity pool. And it will show you the advantages of and really the need for anyone who transacts globally to trade in both liquidity pools in order to minimize the overall cost. So we're very excited about all of the technology investments that we're making and the growth that should provide the platform.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Sean. Rich, I hope -- hopefully that gives some color to how we feel about the migration and the cutover and behavioral issues. I think your other part of your question was around the SEC. And Sean, did you touch on?
Sean Tully: Yeah, I apologize. In terms of the FCC, the new regulations will in terms of Reg ATS on cash mortgage platforms, we already had here to most of the regulations. There are a number of platforms that do not. So while there are exemptions for U.S. Treasuries, certain exemptions under SEC rules for U.S. Treasury platforms, since historically, BrokerTec traded Canadian government bonds as well as mortgages. NEX and BrokerTec did not take advantage of those exemptions. So there may be some new adherence that is required. BrokerTec generally already adheres to the rules that we expect to be required.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Sean.
Rich Repetto: Thank you. Thank you very much.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks Rich. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. My question is on market data, obviously a good quarter you highlighted subscriber growth and kind of some of the demand trends. Can you talk about the kind of the type of customer that the incremental subscriber here and maybe the momentum or outlook for this business as we think about, heading into next year 4Q and into next year, please?
Terrence Duffy: Julie?
Julie Winkler: Sure, thanks for the question. Yes, we had a great quarter in Q3 revenue up to $139 million. And that was the majority of that was driven by a higher subscriber counts for that real time data. And so what we're seeing there is that as many firms are continuing to be in a work from home environment, it is necessitating additional access to our real time data. We're also seeing good demand, though for data being used in automated trading solutions, as well as more usage of CME data into the inputs, into other financial products and services. So I think it's, largely driven by this work-from-home environment but still continues to be strong. I think as we look forward, we are definitely focused on integrating the data that came over from NEX as well. We're continuing to build out our cloud based distribution capabilities. We talked last quarter about CME Smart Stream. And we've been pleasantly surprised there. I would say about the interest from customers for that it has exceeded our expectations. And I think they're it's about the scalability of putting data into the cloud, it being much easier for customers to access. And so we continue to have a good pipeline of clients coming into that. And we're also continuing to work on strengthening our market data policies and pricing, and also, the enforcement related to those activities. And lastly, working on our benchmark business and that includes our participation in the ARC SOFR term rate RFP that's due later this month.
Dan Fannon: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm: Yeah, hey, good morning. Just quick one on the expense side. One, obviously we saw the updated guidance, I think it assumes a little bit of a 4Q increase or maybe just talk about that, the seasonality there. And then -- but more importantly, maybe this is a little bit early, but as we think about 2021, can you just remind us how much savings you had this year from COVID, i.e., lower T&E, etcetera that you expect to come back next year? Obviously the timing is uncertain, but any -- how should we think about kind of like savings that you had that will not recur next year because of COVID?
John Pietrowicz: Hey thanks Alex, this is John, jumping in. Yes, Q4 has a historically higher level of spending. Marketing spend, some of which is contractual has been deferred from the start of the year and is picked up in Q3, and we anticipated increase spend in Q4, but still at a significantly lower level than the annual spend last year. We also anticipate additional expenses associated with systems being put into production associated with the migration on the Globex, and with the data center consolidation efforts and the build out of our New York, New Jersey data center. So based on the current forecast, I would expect to see depreciation and the other cost line as the biggest changes from Q3. However, we will still continue to look for additional synergies and cost reductions throughout the Q4. In terms of next year, it's a bit early in the process. And we're in the budget development process now. But the entire organization has done a tremendous job over the years in managing our costs, and we expect to do the same next year. As I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we've already taken action to manage our expense growth in 2021. Our objective is to be diligent managing our costs, but to be flexible, should the environment change and opportunities present themselves.
Terrence Duffy: Let me just add to what John said. As you race [ph] COVID, and what do you -- how much do we save for 2020 through COVID? And what do we think 2021 will look like? I think that is still to be decided, because we're only one side of that trade. We can't just be sending people all over the country or the world if other people are not receiving them. So it will all depend on jurisdictions abroad and here in the U.S. about how meetings are to be taken place. So I am anticipating our travel schedule will be light again in 2021. And I'm going to encourage more people doing things from Zoom to make sure that we can realize those cost savings. So I can't give you an exact number and we are evaluating it now. But I do think it's important to realize that, we, we do need to be in front of some people. And there's others we don't. So we will make sure that we achieve those savings as it relates to the travel.
Alex Kramm: Sounds good, thanks, guys.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Campbell with Barclays.
Jeremy Campbell: Hey guys, thanks for taking the question. Just wondering about that new water contract with NASDAQ. You guys have said to go live in December. Just wondering, did this new product kind of bubble up from potential users? Or are these potential future users a little different from your current user base, just kind of wondering if this could be the start of a user base expansion and/or product development around other natural resources or renewables going forward?
Terrence Duffy: Sean, you want to talk a little bit about the agreement with NASDAQ kind of the water futures contract?
Sean Tully: Sure. We were very excited; obviously, to extend the license with NASDAQ last year and the growth in NASDAQ futures have been a very big success this year. In addition to that and as a part of that contract we have access to other indices that they offer and we extended it out to the Veles [ph] Water Index. We are excited about growing the customer base. We do believe that this will have an interest by large industrial users, so manufacturers as well as farmers. Obviously the farmers already are customers of our products. Nonetheless, we do believe that municipalities, farmers, industrial firms will be, in some cases new customers, for these -- or potential new customers for these products. So, we are excited about it in terms of the product launch itself, innovative new products. But yes, it could lead to an expansion and should lead to an expansion of our customers. I don't know if Julie Winkler would like to comment on it at all?
Terrence Duffy: Yes, Sean, Julie will and I will as well. Go ahead, Julie.
Julie Winkler: I think it's a good point, I think, in addition, right to the water contract, this fits within this broader context of ESG products. And the philosophy we're working with our clients around on that is that, there's a suite of products that are completely news that Sean just talked about that are new, they're innovative, and they will help customers, and their firms meet their very aggressive, carbon goals over the longer term, while we have another set of initiatives to continue to modify, and make enhancements to our existing contracts, which may be things like certificates, or ESG wrappers. And so we've got a pretty robust program in place doing product development around ESG. Since from the broader scope of things, ESG investment is really picking up and that's at the start of 2020, it was virtually the only class of funds that we've seen investment in flow. And so it's a major topic of conversation with our clients, primarily driven, I would say, in Europe, but increasingly in the U.S. as well as APAC. So we've got, existing asset managers, banks, hedge funds, all showing a lot of strong interest, which is why you're starting to see those products, rollout from CME Group. The cornerstone of that is certainly the S&P 500 contract that is going to be the foundation of what we build everything around. And again, this is client driven and certainly investment driven, we do believe that will help attract new customers.
Terrence Duffy: And just to add to that, Jeremy. I've been around a long time and we've -- I've heard nothing about other than, why don't you have a Water Futures contract and I think there was really not a catalyst for a Water Futures contract until some of the things that Julie referenced under the ESG program. And to manage the risk of water going forward, could be something that we've never seen before. So, we are excited by the partnership with NASDAQ to launch this contract. We think -- like a lot of things, it's all about timing. There's a lot of great ideas out there with bad timing. We think that the timing is right on this because of some of the things that Julie referenced. When you look at the makeup of the globe today, especially the Earth, it's 80% water, most of it's undrinkable. That is not a good equation for the environment that we're seeing today. People are going to need to manage that risk and we feel that we're the preeminent place to do it. So we're excited to work with NASDAQ and for the companies that Julie just outlined, in order to bring risk management to something that's critical to each and every one of our lives.
Jeremy Campbell: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank
Brian Bedell: Great, thanks. Good morning, folks. Just wanted to go back to the integration to do on the BrokerTec to Globex platform. Just on both from John, if you can remind us of the cost saves that that we would expect and the 1Q 2021 run rate versus 4Q 2020 or even 3Q 2020 from that integration. And then on the revenue side, basically a big initiative of this has been looking at potential revenue synergies. And Sean, you talked about the value curve. Any way to kind of size, you know, what potential increase in interest rate volumes you think you might be able to get over the next say a year from having this relative value capability launched?
John Pietrowicz: Yes, sure. Thanks. I'll take the first part and then toss it to Sean on the revenue question. We're very pleased with the progress we're making, with the integrating of the business on the Globex and our synergy capture. As a reminder, we over achieved our run rate energy capture last year when we targeted $50 million and achieved $64 million broad track with the migration, with I'm sorry, we're on track with the achievement of our expense synergies, we are targeting $110 million run rate synergies by the end of 2020, so a $46 million increase in our run rate synergies. And also, as we mentioned previously, we anticipate exceeding our 2020 realized synergies from an anticipated $15 million to $25 million. So, ended the year last year at $64 million, end the year this year at $110 million, so a $46 million increase in terms of what we realized in our income statement. We targeted $15 million, we're going to achieve $25 million. So real pleased with that and it's been an entire Company effort. And with that, I'll turn it over to Sean to talk about the revenue side..
Sean Tully: Thanks very much. In terms of the revenues, I'm not going to give any specific guidance in regards to revenues. But I'm very excited about several different initiatives that we have available to us with the migration of the cash markets over to Globex as well as combining the advantages of having both the derivatives and cash markets under one roof. We are making several adjustments to the offering. First of all, we got the new technology, greater determinism, and new trade types that will be available on that new technology, which we're very excited about. We're going to be offering new analytical tools, which will show the benefits of trading both cash markets and derivatives markets. And then we're adjusting some of the existing products in order to make them more attractive. All in regards to creating greater efficiencies. At the same time, we're also working closely with the DTCC in order to bring to the market further down the road, increased or enhanced portfolio margining, or cross margining, between futures and cash products. I've already spoken about the new trade type, the new RV trade type that we'll be launching shortly after we migrate to Globex. So we are very excited about that. I did mention earlier, as well we are launching next week new analytical tool that will allow participants on the EBS analytics or quantitative analytics to have synchronized cash and futures data for the foreign exchange market showing type-of-book, depth-of-book and really guiding participants as to the best liquidity pool to use in regards to executing whatever they need to execute in whatever size they need to execute, in whatever currency they need to execute. We're very excited about that. The EBS Quant Analytics just for background has about 600 users globally, that 300 users log on each and every day. These are regional banks across the U.S. but in particular, Europe and Asia. And this for the first time will allow them to see the value quantitatively of using both sets of products in their risk management. So we're very excited about that in terms of our cross sell. We will be you know next year launching similar analytics for the Treasury market. I'll also maybe mention two additional things that we will be doing. We're going to be lowering the minimum price increments on the three year notes in the first quarter, as you know, that had a significant positive impact on tier notes when we did it both on the cash platform as well as on the futures platform now almost two years ago. So again, we're adjusting existing products, or initiating new trade types. We're offering new analytics and new technology. I mentioned earlier, that we are in the process of rolling out something called QDM 2.0 or Quote Driven Markets 2.0 for the EBS platform, and in particular for EBS direct. This will make it a state-of-the art direct trading platform. And we do plan next year on rolling that out as well for, for U.S. Treasuries. So we're very excited across each of the different initiatives that we've got up using a plan, I guess, I'd say for the next three months, but also the next 12 months.
Brian Bedell: And just to be more precise on timing. The timing of the cutover on the platform integration in the fourth quarter, and then the timing of the RV curve launch in 1Q.
Sean Tully: Yes, the RV will be available as soon as it's on the Globex platform, but we'll probably do a significant launch in Q1.
Brian Bedell: And just the timing of the cutover, is that November or December?
Sean Tully: We are doing Europe in November and the U.S. in December.
Brian Bedell: Got it
Sean Tully: That's what's currently planned. Yes.
Brian Bedell: Perfect. Thank you so much for all the great color.
Terrence Duffy: And Brian, I mean Julie is going to give you a little reference on the other part of the -- Julie?
Julie Winkler: Yeah, so in Q3 just to give you guys a little bit of an update. It was another quarter where we completed more than 500 cross introductions. And so that has put us over that thousand cross introduction mark for the year. FX is continues to be the franchise kind of front end center on those, but interest rates is second there. But what I wanted to talk a little bit about is how as we've been able to now convert many of those cross introductions into sales opportunities with 150 new sales opportunities in a pipeline, and also realizing some sales wins from that. And so that's when we actually see and have, proof that our clients have started to trade those new products and those services. So some few specific examples to your question as we've been able to bring a repo trading desk. So those are legacy BrokerTec clients, onto our CME direct platform. And there they are beginning to trade, are listed interest rate futures and options franchise. Another relevant example is cross selling across the number of customers that were legacy BrokerTec clients and introducing them to Silver futures. And so these are the types of things that we can do as a combined sales organization in conjunction with the technology changes and migrations that are happening behind the scenes that we believe will be fruitful and continuing to bring new revenue into the exchange.
Brian Bedell: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Carrier with Bank of America.
Mike Carrier: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Given just the muted backdrop for the industry in energy complex with the Fed on hold and the COVID situation, just curious if you're starting to see more interest in certain categories given some hints of inflation. And then, based on past periods, what may be some of the early signs of seeing demand picking up? Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: John or Derek?
John Pietrowicz: Yes
Terrence Duffy: Hang on, John. Let Derek go first, and then Im going to make a comment or two and then well give it to you.
Derek Sammann: Yes, sure. Just to be clear, Mike we're looking for a kind of catalyst of demand side of the equation in some of these markets.
Mike Carrier: Yes, and most of them weve seen the pressure with the fed on hold, but I'm just saying you kind of see some hints of inflation and how that could potentially maybe spur more activity, whether it's on interest rates or energy, just because those are typically correlated.
Derek Sammann: Yes. So I think I'll probably pick up on two pieces there. I mean, maybe I'll start on the -- what we've seen on the metal side. I mean the gold market has been probably one of our fastest growing markets this year. If you actually look at the growth of that product that's been global, it's actually been largely driven by the growth that we've seen out of Asia as well. And that's been both a function of gold and precious metal demand, i.e., being a store of value certainly in times of uncertain inflation times going directly back to the comments that we've heard from the Fed that that's opened the door to inflation. We've seen that push build up through 2000 and that's been a global demand story for us. If you see from the materials we put forward on the summary sheet, you'll see a range of records that were hit over the course of the quarter. In fact, in a very quiet Q3, we set a series of all-time records in precious metals led by both gold and silver. So, we've seen a significant increase in demand on that side of the equation as prices have gone up and that's been a strong participation across commercials, buy side, retail and our sell-side customers as well. What we're really excited about is the -- resulting from that as we've seen more focus on precious metals. Just about 11 months ago we rolled out through the clearinghouse a system by which we allow customers to bring forward gold collateral or gold warrants and post those as collateral to the clearinghouse. And why that's important is because in less than 11 months, Mike, we've seen $3 billion of capital efficiencies brought forward for our clearing whereby they can use gold loans which typically fit debt assets on balance sheets of banks to be used to actually bring forward and put collateral forward to make trading available in all of our asset classes. So, as we talk about -- one of the things we're doing in light of creating a monetizable set of assets for our customers, providing $3 billion of effective liquidity for our customers to be used across all of our asset classes. I mean, there's a really strong story there, another way in which we're focused on the client benefits in an uncertain market where we're seeing growth in different parts of the franchise. So with that, I'll turn it over to Sean -- or in fact to Terry.
Terrence Duffy: Yes, hold on Sean. Mike let me just make a couple of comments about the rate business because I do think they're important. And I think a lot of us forget, because of the policies that have gone on over the last seven, eight months during this pandemic. But if you look back just a year or so ago, we had a 10-year trading over 3% on the yield. The markets have moved dramatically during this pandemic. And I think people lose sight of how quickly things can change. I'm not saying they're going up, but I think you have to look at a few of the catalysts that are in front of us. One of the catalysts that I see in front of us and I'm not predicting markets, but I will tell you is the possibility of this when we're looking at November 3, and when we do not have a President elect come November 3, for a projected period of time. The government still needs to go through its processes of options and things of that of treasuries. The question will be, what will people be willing to pay for those options, not knowing what the makeup of our government could potentially look like. So you could see some kind of lot of uncertainty around the marketplace. I'm not just reflecting on the price of equities, I'm looking at how people perceive the price of debt coming out around from around the world out of the United States, if we go into this contested election process. The 10 years trading roughly, the yield on the 10 years, roughly three quarters of a percent today. And so it's down dramatically just over 14, 16 months ago. So I do think on the rate story, there is something here that people need to be cautious about. And I'm not predicting that is going to change dramatically. But I do think there's factors in the market that could make a swing. So those are the things that I'm looking at. And we are managing from a business perspective.
Mike Carrier: Great, thanks a lot.
Sean Tully: So Terry, maybe I'll -- Terry, do you want me to jump in, maybe just some green shoots that I'm seeing?
Terrence Duffy: Yes, go ahead real quick.
Sean Tully: Yes. So, I think we already know, massive increase in Treasury issuance this year by the U.S. Treasury relative to the increased funding needs in the 3 trillion deficit this year, record all time, records deficit, all-time records to debt. And we're approaching all time record debt to GDP, so massive increases. In terms of the Federal Reserve, and its long term intent to increase inflation we are starting to see green shoots further out the curve. So specifically, to your question, if you look at the month of October, it is at the year-over-year growth month-to-date. The ultra 10 year is actually up 3% in terms of its average daily volume. The bond futures are up 10% in terms of their average daily volume, and the ultra-bond is up 20% in terms of its average daily volume. So we are starting to see as we would expect further up the curve, increases in activity relative to this environment that should, over time move down the curve. Thanks.
Mike Carrier: Thanks, John.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks Mike. Hopefully, that was helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Allen with Compass Point
Chris Allen: Morning, guys. I wanted to revisit expenses, specifically the guidance for fourth quarter, it implies about a 40 million for the full year, I'm sorry, it implies about 40 million sequential increase in the fourth quarter. Normally, you see a bump in marketing and other below that's driven by your conference, which is not occurring. So is there any granularity around that increase? And then on the build out of data center and trading platforms, just kind of wondering, what's one time in nature? What's going to be into the run rate for next year? And how much that's going to be offset by some of the savings as you shut down some of the BrokerTec and EBS over time.
John Pietrowicz: Sure, Chris, this is John. I'll jump in on that. Yes. So as I mentioned previously, what we've seen is a push out of our marketing spend from the first two quarters, and part of the third quarter into the back half of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. And some of that marketing spend is contractual in nature. So you are correct, that they're, our customer facing events that we normally have in the fourth quarter have, have been postpones some of, but some of that, spend that we have in marketing is contractual and is, got pushed into the later half of the year. Also, as we migrate on to Globex and as we build out our data center, we are expecting, that goes into work in process, and then when it gets turned on, and it goes into depreciation. So, where you're going to see the increase in spend relative to those. Those items are in depreciation and in our technology expense, as we have to pay maintenance on some of the third party software and on the equipment. So that's where you're going to see the costs go up into next year. Now what comes out is going to be the synergies that we have targeted for 2021. And we've got the majority of the synergies in terms of run rate synergies, impacting next year. So we expect to end the year with run rate synergies of 110 million and we expect to end next year with $200 million in runway synergy, so our cost base would go down by that additional 90 million. Now the amount that we would realize in 2021, we're still in the process of determining through our budgeting process. But we have a very, very indicated very strong focus on our expenses going into next year. And we'll be looking to accelerate synergy capture, where we can in 2021. So that's what you should expect, Chris?
Chris Allen: Just a quick follow up, I mean, how much do you usually see from promotions and raises in terms of impact in the comp line?
John Pietrowicz: In terms of, if you take a look at our -- if you take a look at our employees that we have now, and the amount of employees that have been notified that they will not be, that they will be leaving by the end of the year, I would expect that to be in the range of $20 million to $25 million of increased costs that we are avoiding on next year.
Chris Allen: Thanks guys.
Terrence Duffy: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: Thank you. Good morning. And thank you for taking my questions. Now could you please comment a bit of your conversation with your clients about the VOLQ futures? Is any demand for other derivatives products around VOLQ in the future? And then quickly on the sales force, the client engagement has increased quite dramatically. What does it take to monetize that engagement and drive higher interest in trading volume? Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: So Owen, this is Terry. Let me just comment real quickly on the VOLQ futures. That contract was just listed in partnership with NASDAQ. We are excited by that -- potential of that contract. But I think it's very early in a launch to try to predict how the success of that contract is going to be. We've all been around long time and we've seen how long certain contracts take to nurture. And again, timing is a big component of anything that you do in this business. So, it's really hard for us to draw any conclusions around the VOLQ futures. Sean can give you a little bit more color if you want, but I know there's quite a bit of interest from clients on both sides, buy and sell side around that product and how they can use it to offset or mitigate some of the efficiencies as it relates to some of our other products in the equity space. So that is one of the benefits that we have here with our suite of equity products today to potentially get more savings as the open interest starts to build. But until then, it's really hard to draw a conclusion on that product just yet. And the second part of your question was what?
Owen Lau: It was about the sales force, I think your client engagement has increased by over 100%. What does it take to monetize that engagement and drive higher open interest and trading party?
Terrence Duffy: Yeah, and we -- VOLQ well we answered the VOLQ question really. So lets just talk about the sales force.
Julie Winkler: Yes, thank you for the question, Owen. We had a busy Q3, as you mentioned. Client engagement was up about 145% versus the same period last year. And so what we're seeing previous to other quarters and we've still been in this work from home environment is that, that activity is being driven by increased client calls, emails, these virtual meetings, the cross sell introductions that I talked about earlier. What we've been quite busy on in, in Q3 is actually supporting VOLQ and a number of other new products. And so, we've executed a number of high-profile sales campaigns, the Micro E-mini options launch, the three-year treasuries, Brazilian Soybeans, as well as we've had hundreds of client calls to prepare for the successful SOFR Basis Swap auction that we had earlier this month. So I think in terms of monetizing that, clients continue to point out to us just the attentiveness, responsiveness that the team has shown throughout this environment and a lot of these ongoing initiatives are there to deliver not just innovative new products but also efficiencies. And the other number I just point to is, this is an environment where people are capital constrained. And so, when you look at what we've been able to deliver for our clients in terms of portfolio margining of swaps and futures, to-date already in 2020, we've saved our clients $5.4 billion on average and that's up from $4.5 billion last year. And so as we continue to deliver those efficiencies and help them manage their risk, we believe that's going to be quite helpful in helping them and us navigate this uncertainty.
Owen Lau: That's helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hey, everybody. Good morning. Thanks for the question. I was hoping we could talk a little bit about dynamics in the WTI markets and recently softer oil trends. And what really I'm trying to get to, I guess, how much of that is related, you think to sort of lower volatility, which is obviously outside of your control, versus maybe some of the lower production we're seeing in the U.S. So any way to kind of help us frame volumes kind of directly related to U.S. producers and bigger picture, if we if we get a blue sweep election, and that result in any sort of incremental curbs on U.S. oil production? How does that impact seeing this franchise, I understand the difficulties that are putting numbers around that, but just a framework of kind of how oil production translates to oil volumes to CME would be helpful? Thanks.
Derek Sammann: Hey Alex, this is Derek. Great question. When you look at what's going on in the oil market, effectively for the last 4.5 months what we've been looking at is the market finding a short-term equilibrium between supply and demand. In August, we saw prices drift higher kind to the $41, $42, $43 level -- the agreed OPEC cuts, you saw a decline in oil stocks in Cushing and globally actually and a weakening dollar. Now counteracting that is the fact that we still have not come out of the demand destruction mode we've been in with COVID, whether you look at the metric of miles driven, if you look at jet fuel demand, I mean it's still down 75%. You're just not seeing the return to normal economic activity. You see no activity. We're not globally traveling. I think we're probably representative of a lot of firms out there. So, the small upticks you've been seeing that would put pressure upwards are being offset by the demand side of the equation. So, you're effectively looking at a market that's trading in the $4 band, I'm talking about global crude. This is true with WTI, it's true with Brent, it's true with Murban in the Middle East. We're talking about roughly a $4 trading range. We got a flat forward curve and we got a $2 spread and a stable strength between WTI and Brent right now. So, these are impacts -- I think the point of your question is, if you look at the impact of the global demand side of the equation, it is equally impacting global oil. This is not a U.S. phenomenon. We are certainly down on U.S. production. I think we are down from the peak of 13 million barrels a day down about 10.5 million, 11 million. We haven't necessarily seen exports trailed off that much. We were trailing at around three, between 2.5 barrels and 3 million barrels a day in global exports. That has continued to be a demand source and a growth driver where were seeing domestic production on the WTI side, global demand for brands has slowed across the board. So when you see that we see this as a global impact across all markets. If you look at the market share from a volumes perspective, year-to-date or even this quarter. We're seeing CME, if you look at the world of market share of CME, WTI plus Brent, we continue to maintain roughly 55% of that traded volume, we continue to maintain 45%, 46% of open interest. That's word of average for about the last two and a half, three years. So there's an equal impact across each of these businesses. So I think the core of the question is, where do we see demand return? And how would that be reflected in our volumes? Well, one of the issues we've seen is when markets go slowly start to trade sideways. The reality is we've got a superior distribution out into the financial players of the energy market, whether it's the specific hedge funds, buy side asset managers, retail clients. So typically volume pullback, we see a little bit of underperformance on the WTI side. Now that we see as a temporary situation. So as we result in demand returning, we likely see that will be a participant in an upswing in volumes globally. But I think one of the issues that we see in the energy market is natural gas. While it's been negative for the crude oil market, natural gas is a market where -- that's really the strength of our portfolio. If you look at this business, not only is it up, this is the high RPC business that we have, it's $1.15 RPC in futures, it's a $1.52 RPC on the options side. And actually, you look at the Henry Hub market share of this business, our volume year-to-date -- our Henry Hub futures business is up 26%. Our options business is up 56%. And why this is important it continues to highlight the global nature of Henry Hub as a global benchmark. And that's shown by the fact that over the course of this year, our non-U.S. volume participation in Henry Hub was up 82%. 116% growth in Asia ours of our Henry Hub futures market and our European business is up 69%. So within the energy complex as a whole, we're trading sideways and crude. We're seeing So, within the energy complex there's a whole -- we're trading sideways in crude, we're seeing significant growth in the high RPC nat-gas business and so, we're likely to see that continue. And finishing -- then I'll turn it over to Terry, from a Reg side, while you might see some unknown pressure relative to the fossil fuels business, if you look at the role that natural gas has to play as a clean energy and an alternative, we see that continuing to grow. So we think we're in a good position there, given the fact that we own 82% of that market. With that, I'll turn it over to Terry.
Terrence Duffy: So, let me add a couple of things, especially when it comes to a potential blue sweep, because I find this quite interesting. On the production side, you know let's do a little quick history. Remember who lifted the ban on the oil export business. It was President Barack Obama's administration. That was just a one-off administration ago that did that, a Democratic administration who is very supportive of making sure the United States of America be an oil exporter. So the rhetoric around politics today, which is always associated around Green, this is a great topic. And as you can see, the Democratic nominee is having a little bit of trouble with some of his past comments versus his current comments as it relates to fracking on some of the Eastern seaboard states. So, that doesn't surprise me a bit. I think what you'll see is, I'm looking for more low hanging fruit. When I say that, taxes are low-hanging fruit. Now, I'm not saying it's going to be corporate or personal or both. But that will be low-hanging fruit that I think that a prior -- a blue sweep administration will try to address. Trying to address production on energy as the Obama Administration just supported the first time in the history of this country to lift a ban on exporting of oil seems to be a bit of a stretch. And I'm assuming some of the Republican colleagues will remind our Democratic friends about who did this and why it's important to the sanctity and safety of the United States of America. Now, that could change as Washington always does. So, I wouldn't put too much stock into that either. But I really believe a lot of this is political rhetoric right now. It's going to -- things are difficult to get done. We've only seen three major pieces of legislation in the last 19 years in these days [Phonetic]. So we had Sarbanes-Oxley, we had Dodd-Frank and we had the President -- ACA Act, that's it. Everything else is continuing resolutions. So, I think this will be difficult at best. And even the oil -- lifting of the ban was done through a continuing resolution built to keep the government open. So you can see how there will be plenty of ammo for people who want to support energy production in the United States to have arguments against their Democratic colleagues. That doesn't mean that some of the ESGs and other things that Julie referenced aren't still going to be front and center and people are going to be doing things. But in the short term, I think it'd be very difficult on destroying the production of oil here in the United States until we have a viable alternative that the rest of us can use. You can't have 2% of the automobiles be electric and the rest of us don't have the ability to get them. So, I think it's quite fascinating with the conversation on politics, but I wouldn't bank on that for the next 12 to 24 months.
Alex Blostein: Great. Thanks very much.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. The Democrats are proposing changes to the tax code, including the doubling of the dividend tax rate for the wealthy, which according to the Federal Reserve, around about 50% of stocks and mutual funds in the U.S. Where the dividend tax to be doubled as proposed, how would that impact your thinking on the payout of nearly all your excess cash to shareholders in the form of a dividend? And does your capital management strategy make as much sense in a much higher dividend tax environment? And then I guess related, in 2012 you brought the payment of your annual recurring dividend to the fourth quarter when there were concerns over changes to the tax code. If the tax outlook changes after elections next week, would you again consider pulling forward that payment into the fourth quarter?
Terence Duffy: So Ken, it's Terry Duffy. Obviously, your question is very speculative in nature, because no one knows. But on the potential of people trying to tax dividends, I really believe, as I said in my prior comments, I think they will look for other ways to get tax incentives. When you look at dividend paying companies, these are stocks that are traditionally held by the base of people who voted these people into office. These are not the high flying stocks of the five or six banks stocks or others that they might be potentially thinking they're going to get a massive revenue off of. I think it will be very difficult to take a proposal on doubling a tax dividend going forward. I just don't see that. Again, it would be very surprising to do so. That being said, our return -- capital return policy will be flexible enough to make certain that we can return capital to shareholders in the most tax efficient way that benefits the bottom line of the holders. So we've talked about share repurchase programs over the years. I'm not suggesting that we're going down that path right now because we don't even have one in place. It doesn't mean we can't. It doesn't mean we can't do a lot of other things on how we return capital. But we will not look at returning capital at the most highest tax dividend -- on dividends possibly going out there. So -- but again, I think that is a very difficult proposal for the Democrats in order to raise those kind of taxes on dividends. I just don't see it happen because it won't affect the companies that they are trying to affect.
Ken Worthington: Great. Thank you.
Terence Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Simon Clinch with Atlantic Equities.
Simon Clinch: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could just flush out with the collateral savings that like one 4 million, I think it is that you've saved your clients this year? Could you give us a sense of how your client redeploy that capital? How that might have happened historically, and how you'd expect that going forwards in terms of spreading that across, into other areas of your business?
Terrence Duffy: Okay. Thank you for that, Simon. I'll ask maybe Sean, and then Julie to comment a little bit. And John also if you'd like. John youd like to talk about that?
Sean Tully: Sure. I think it's difficult to quantify exactly how much gets redeployed into our marketplace. But we certainly do see it as making us a much more attractive platform relative to alternatives. And one of the things actually that we're very excited about that we're starting this week is, we're starting to test portfolio margining of Eurodollar options against interest rate swaps. This is going to be a new portfolio margining opportunity, new facility that we're very excited about, in addition to the current portfolio margining between interest rate, sorry interest rate futures and in trade swaps. So we have seen huge growth, I'd say. Enormous growth in both the amount saved as well as the number of participants taking advantage of it. And we do see when we offer new portfolio margining opportunities, that our relative growth to other platforms tends to increase. This is not the only area where we are looking at efficiencies. So we've also, for example, a little over a year ago, we introduced compression of our listed equity options business. We're very excited to say that we've run 27 compression runs, since we started it a little over a year ago. And we've reduced the number of contracts outstanding, which increases efficiencies for our customers by 8.3 million. So we're constantly looking at creating new efficiencies for our customers, whether it's the equity business, the rates business, actually maybe mention on the foreign exchange business, one of these we've done over the last year is massively reduced the -- across the board minimum price increments, in our foreign exchange futures. We've also lowered them in the roles for foreign exchange futures. This saves participants cost in terms of when they execute the roles and when they trade our futures. We're very excited to say that recently, we saw all-time low open interest record, in our Euro USD futures. We saw an all-time record loans held by asset managers according to the CFTC [ph] in our FX futures. And we're excited to see the growth in the product and the growth in the use of products from the greater efficiency. So those are some examples of where -- where when we provide these efficiencies, we do see growth, but the hard to exactly quantify the portfolio of margin and its impacts on revenues. I don't know. Julie, do you want to jump in?
Terrence Duffy: So, on that point, I think what is really hard to do is, it's hard for us to quantify, for sure. But what we have seen historically and the multiple billions that Julie referenced earlier, actually it's a little bit north of the $5.4 billion because there's other part in the swaps market that has achieved benefits as well. We have traditionally seen them deploy a lot of that capital into managing risk into a whole breadth of asset classes that we have here at CME. And again, that's a historical perspective but it's really hard for us to quantify on a day-to-day basis of how they're deploying that capital. But that's what historically we've seen.
Simon Clinch: Great, thanks. And I was wondering if I could just follow-up with one question, just a more housekeeping one. But in terms of looking at the revenue per contracts for -- across your different segments, I think pretty much all have been ticked lower on a sequential basis. And I know there are lots of moving parts here. I was wondering if you could help me think about -- how to think about the revenue per contract going forwards, particularly for things like interest rates as they shift toward those longer-term contracts and in those areas where you've got the E-mini -- Micro E-mini futures which are sort of skewing numbers as well.
Terrence Duffy: Yeah, thanks. And John -- before John does that, you want to [Indiscernible]. Okay, John, go ahead.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thank you, Simon. Great question. So what you see in our rate per contracts really is a mix issues. The face rates don't generally go down. So it's really a mix of products, a mix of customers, a mix of venues. So there is multiple different mixes that happen. And what's great about our business is that we've got an enormous number of products, many different customer types and as markets shift and change, different products are used and different customers utilize those products. So, that's what you see generally in our rate per contract. They tend to all be mix related. So, in terms of your two specific questions. When you look at the long end of the curve versus the short end of the curve; generally speaking, the short end of the curve or the Eurodollars tend to be about 14% lower than the average for interest rates and treasuries tend to be about the same higher than average in the interest rate quadrant, so -- or asset class. So that's the -- so that's kind of the mix there, so a heavier -- higher RPC on the longer end, less on the shorter end. In terms of the micros, the micros have been tremendously successful across -- primarily across our equity asset class and our metals asset class. In terms of our equities, sequentially they grew to almost 2 million contracts a day for the quarter and represented about 36% of the total equity volume in Q3 compared to about 34% in Q2. And also the RPC for micros increased from $0.125 in Q2 to $0.1302 in Q3. So in terms of equities in particular, in addition to the performance of the micros, we also saw a higher proportion of member trading activity as well as a lower proportion of [Indiscernible] trading activity which has a higher RPC. I do want to hit on something that Sean touched on before and that's the impacts that we're seeing on the NASDAQ trading. And really -- that's really helped our RPC in equities as the NASDAQ trading was up about 24% sequentially, which and they have and the NASDAQ contract has a higher blended RPC than average. So a couple of other points on RPC as it relates to equities. As I mentioned the micros RPC increased to $13.02 in Q3 and that's up from $0.078 [ph] from Q3 last year. And if you take a look at the equities excluding the micros, that increased to $74.09 in Q3 versus $71.02 the same quarter last year. So both the micros and the mini RPCs increased compared to last year. So again, it's a mixed story. In metals, you're also seeing something similar in terms of the RPC. Metals was our best performing asset class sequentially for CME Group. It's up 59% sequentially. A key factor when -- taking a look at the RPC, again which made modeling difficult for you analysts, and that was the increase in the micro activity. The micros, again it's been very successful in metals and are approaching 160,000 contracts a day and it was up over 110% sequentially. So micros accounted for about 19% of the total volume this quarter versus 14% in Q2 and the Micro Gold RPC for the quarter is approximately $0.32 and that's up from $0.27 in Q3 last year. So that's a big impact relative to mix shifts in metals. But we are very pleased with our micros, been very successful. And again, to your point on the RPCs, it's really a mix story.
Simon Clinch: Thanks, John.
John Pietrowicz: Thank you, Simon.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt: Hey, thanks for squeezing me in at the end here. Just a question on pricing really quick. You made a number of pricing adjustments over the past several years in the futures business. But I also think in the past, you've stated that typically these pricing adjustments come during periods of volume growth. Just given the volume headwinds you're facing this year, I'm just wondering how you're thinking about pricing for futures more broadly and whether you still see the potential for pricing increases or adjustments in certain products as we head into next year.
Terrence Duffy: Kyle, it's Terry and I'II let John comment as well. Obviously, you're correct we try to make sure that we have a value-added proposition. Any time use any type of tier changes, our pricing changes associated with our business. That does not prohibit us from other parts of our business that are growing to take advantage of price increases. That being said, we will be very mindful of the overall situation and we will -- we always take pricing into effect with many factors, whether it's fundamentals in the marketplace, not only here in the United States but globally, but we will be very steadfast as it relates to our pricing and how we feel what is appropriate going forward. It's challenging, it always is. I'm not going to lie to you saying that pricing is easy to take advantage of. But at the same time, I've been always of the mind-set and I've said this historically that we need to bring up value. I say this to my clients we need to bring up value-added proposal when we bring in pricing changes. And I think when you look at what's going on with the BrokerTec integration and EBS to follow, these are all pricing -- these are all things that are enhancing the experience for the client. So we will cross that bridge when we get to it. And -- but we won't forgo them, but at the same time there are many factors that go into it. John, you want to comment further?
John Pietrowicz: Yeah, just a couple of quick points. Terry is right, I mean we take a lot of time and put a lot of thought into our pricing plans. First, we're going through the budgeting process now and that's a time when we really take, again, another hard look at our pricing. But really what's absolutely critical is we want to have as much velocity going across the platform 24 hours a day. That increased liquidity is beneficial for us, obviously, because we earn money for it, but also that liquidity is very valuable to our customers, to Terry's point. So, at times that bid add spread, it makes our offering that much more attractive. So we're very careful when we pull the pricing lever. We take -- we look at things on multiple dimensions to make sure that we create a really good and robust marketplace for our clients and really with the eye of not impacting and enhancing our liquidity.
Kyle Voigt: Thank you very much.
Terrence Duffy: Kyle, just to add on to that and I don't want to belabor it, but we're in a -- probably the seven or eight months of the strangest time in the history of our country, of our world. So to try to put up a pricing strategy that makes sense during normal times is a little bit difficult. So as we continue to get on the back side of this, we're continuing to evolve and hopefully our -- we'll see a change in the way our business goes.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Kyle.
Operator: Thank you. That's all the time we have for today. I will now turn the call back over for closing remarks.
Terrence Duffy: We thank you all very much for taking time out today to go through your questions. We appreciate it. Please stay safe and healthy, and we look forward to talking to you soon.
Operator: Thanks you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the CME Group Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier: Good morning, and thank you all, for joining us. Im going to start with the Safe Harbor language, then Im going to turn it over to Terry, Julie and John for brief remarks followed by questions. Other members of our management team will also participate in the Q&A. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statement. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found on our website. Also on the last page of the earnings release, you will find a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I'll turn it over to Terry.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, John, and thank you all, for joining us today. My comments today will be brief so we can spend the majority of our time directly addressing your questions. We released our executive commentary this morning, which provided extensive details on the second quarter. As John mentioned, John, Sean, Derek and Julie Winkler have joined me today. In Q2, we averaged 17.6 million contracts per day, which is down from 21 million contracts per day a year ago, and down from our strong start to the year in Q1. The global exchange traded market has been challenged in many different product areas, since the beginning of the pandemic, impacting us and many others in the trading industry. Clearly, the front end of the U.S. rate curve has become impacted from a trading perspective. Also, with the recovery of the price of oil back to the $40 range, the global crude oil market has stabilized with a fairly flat forward curve, leading to a reduction in the volatility, back to more normalized levels as the market balance its supply and demand. While in the near-term that reduces the need for some participants to manage risk with us and others, the competitive dynamic of trading volumes across different markets has not changed. However, with the global crude oil demand still depressed due to the COVID-19, which we believe is a temporary situation, we expect to see market conditions improve as global oil demand returns. We are very fortunate to have a highly diversified business. We are looking forward to the integration of BrokerTec coming onto Globex by year end. We remain committed to achieving capital and operational efficiencies for our clients. Through all of this, I assure you we remain very disciplined as it relates to expenses. What I'd like to do is turn the call over to Julie Winkler to provide some context on our sales outreach, what we are hearing from our customers, and she will touch briefly upon our data business. Then I look forward to answering your questions. Julie?
Julie Winkler: Thank you, Terry. Despite challenging circumstances, we are continuing to see positive momentum in our global client engagement. Similar to last quarter, many of our clients continue to work from home, and our sales organization has excelled at their virtual outreach. During Q2, client engagement by our sales organization was up 66% versus the same period last year, and year-to-date sales activity is up 81%. We are actively engaging with clients via virtual meetings, webinars, online events, email communication and chat to support the execution of our sales and go-to-market strategy. Clients continue to express their appreciation for how highly responsive we have been, through the peak of the crisis, and our continued focus on delivering value added solutions across product lines. Clients in some areas are beginning to return to the office, which means we will take appropriate steps to adjust our coverage model where safe and appropriate. In Q2, we also saw an acceleration of our cross introduction and cross sell efforts to capitalize on the next acquisition. May represented a record high month with more than 300 cross introductions across our sales organization, which is more than the entire first quarter combined. A total of 500 cross introductions were made throughout Q2. Additionally, we reinvigorated campaign selling to help bring key products and services to market. We are seeing great success with those campaigns including the re-launch of our three year treasury product, which had more than 40 clients participating on day one of trading. Our active trader retail segment performance was strong in Q2, and year-to-date, ADV is up over 70%, driven by an overall increase in retail trading resulting from the lockdown. CME was well-positioned prior to these events and its product mix, particularly the E-Micros allowed it to take advantage of strong macro factors. Lastly, our market data business had a strong quarter. Through the first-half of 2020, consolidated revenue was up 3%. The CME market data professional subscribers count was solid due to increased subscriptions, as traders were migrating to work from home environment. We continue to see success with our data services strategy, which confirmed the value of our data to our global customer base. I will now turn things over to John.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Julie. In the first-half of the year, in addition to navigating a challenging environment, we've been very active with the ongoing NEX integration. We remain on track to migrate from the legacy NEX trading systems to our Globex technology. Weve recently announced to our clients the cutover dates for BrokerTec. BrokerTec EU clients will begin trading on November 16, and BrokerTec Americas trading will commence on December 7. With our progress and the integration, the remote working environment and our overall strong expense discipline, we finished the second quarter with adjusted operating expenses, excluding license fees of $380 million. We are extremely focused on actively managing our costs. Based on our outlook for expenses for the rest of the year, our guidance for adjusted operating expenses, excluding license fees for 2020 is being reduced from a range of $1.64 billion to $1.65 billion, to approximately $1,595 million. This level of spending reflects the reality of the current operating environment, and we would expect a higher level of spending next year, assuming the conditions improve from here. With that short summary, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Based on a number of analysts covering us, please limit yourself to one question and then feel free to jump back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Rich Repetto: Good morning, Terry, John and Julie. I guess the first my question is on expenses and you made a solid reduction, John, in the expense guidance. But I guess the question is, the first-half run rate, is -- you're averaging somewhere around $383 million in expenses, ex the licensing fees. If you back into that full year guidance, it'd be an 8.5% increase in the back-half. Hopefully, you get the $15 million of P&L expenses coming from the NEX synergies. So, I guess the question is, can we go -- if the current environment didn't rebound, say, in 2020, is there more room to cut expenses, because I know there's some events have already been canceled and so forth?
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thank you, Rich. Thanks for the question. In terms of the first-half versus the back-half of the year, we do expect to have some increase in costs in the back-half of the year. For example, in depreciation as we migrate on to Globex. And also, we're in the process of data center consolidation effort. And we have a build out of a data center in the New York, New Jersey area as part of the integration efforts that we're doing with NEX. Also, we do have plans for the back-half of the year, some opening of the some economies around the world where we would expect to see some more travel and marketing efforts, as those economies open up. So that is planned for sort of in the back-half of the year. If that doesn't happen, obviously we wouldn't expect those costs to come through. But in terms of our guidance, we did make some assumption that there would be a modest opening in Asia in particular, for example. In terms of our overall expense discipline, we are as a management team, very focused on our expenses for this year and in planning for next year. So, we have a laser like focus on our expenses, and we're, the entire organization is making sure that we spend every dollar as efficiently as we possibly could spend it.
Rich Repetto: Got it. Thank you, and everybody, please stay safe and healthy.
Terrence Duffy: You too, Rich.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. My question is on market data. Julie, you mentioned some of the strengths. If you could kind of elaborate on the outlook for that business and how we should think about growth in the broader market data business for the remainder of this year and in the next?
Julie Winkler: Sure. Thank you, Dan. Yes. As mentioned, we had a great Q2 with consolidated revenue in the market data business of $135 million, which is up about 5% over the second quarter of 2019. And the majority of that was driven by those increased professional subscriber accounts. So, what has happened, right is that, in the work from home configuration, we're seeing modest demand in display devices. And, it's also just coupled with, other licensing that we're doing across the business. And so, we're continuing to closely consult with our data vendors and our clients to gather input. We have a really great channel partner base for our data distribution, which gives us really a wide range of very flexible ways to deliver our data and new products. As we kind of look at the outlook and what else we see, we still see increased need for our data in terms of automated trading solutions. And we also are seeing that in terms of using our data into product creation. So, that comes through as both non-display licensed revenue as well as derived data revenue. We are certainly focused on the NEX data integration, along with what we're doing on the Globex side, there also is a lot of NEX data that needs to be integrated, as well as continuing to create more flexible distribution channels in terms of what you saw us announced with our CME smart stream and other new products. So, this last quarter, we did the successful addition of the new 10 year treasury bond as well in our NEX data product. And that's just coupled with continued strength in our policy, our pricing, in our audit functions, and really making sure that our clients have that level playing field and access to our data, I think is contributing in, as well as the outlook for our market data business.
Dan Fannon: Thank you.
Operator: We will next go to Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Hey, good morning. Yes, I know this is a difficult question to answer on the rate side, but everybody can obviously see the volume and open interest trends. But curious, if there are any other data points you guys are looking at? Anything in conversations with clients that gives you some confidence that we may have troughed here and that things can improve when certain events happen, or if maybe people will start putting more risk on et cetera? Like, what are you looking forward to to get comfort?
Terrence Duffy: Why dont we -- Alex, thank you for that question. I'm going to ask Sean Tully to give you his take on that, which he has been obviously briefing all of us his thoughts with his team. So, Sean?
Sean Tully: Hi. Thanks very much for the question. A really good question. During the March timeframe, we saw a very high volatility in interest rates. And if we look more recently, in the month of July, we've seen unprecedented low volatility across the entire yield curve from our Eurodollar futures, all the way out to our ultra-bond futures. In fact, if you look at our eighth Eurodollar future, this is the lowest volatility we have seen since the inception of the contract in 1987. Nonetheless, the level of uncertainty in economic numbers have never been higher, when seen from the perspective of the range of possible outcomes for numbers, such as unemployment and GDP. While the Fed is currently doing everything possible to support the economy in the short run, and during the month of March and April bought as much as 300 billion a week worth of securities, and in fact, increased the size of its balance sheet from $4.2 trillion to $7.2 trillion or plus 29 -- sorry, or up $2.9 trillion in a period of just over three months, including the purchase of $1.7 trillion with our securities. Those actions obviously have dampened volatility tremendously. Nonetheless, if you look at what happened post the financial crisis, when the Federal Reserve between 2008 and 2014, purchased $3.6 trillion. They then later on proactively reduced the size of their balance sheet. In particular, they reduced the size of their balance sheet from $4.5 trillion to $3.7 trillion from January of 2018 to September of 2019, from which we did get additional volumes and volatility. If you look at the unprecedented deficit this year, estimated $3.7 trillion, now estimated potentially $2 trillion of deficit next year you're going to see the highest debt-to-GDP ratios, the U.S. government has seen certainly since World War II and possibly ever, and youre going to see the highest levels of debt in the U.S. ever. If you look at the refunding announcements, so if you look at the refunding announcements we had and the quarterly refunding announcement by the U.S. Treasury in February, versus the quarterly refunding announcement that we had in May, the growth in coupon issuance was 24% by the U.S. government in order to address that huge debt and deficit need. Next week or the next August, the August quarterly refunding announcement, the growth in coupon securities, the growth in debt and deficits, once the Federal Reserve reduces its intervention in the market and once the pandemic recedes, the needs for hedging, the needs for our products will remain much, much larger I think than ever before in history. So yes, July is very low volatility. However, the unprecedented debts and deficits and issuance of coupon securities means that the risk that is going to need to be managed on a go forward basis, is going to be much larger than ever. I said earlier that, the Federal Reserve was buying as much as $300 billion plus a week in securities, it's now reduced that to $20 billion a week. So, we're already seeing significantly reduced activity by the Fed. I hope that helps.
Alex Kramm: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we will go to Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Thanks very much. Just want to Sean maybe follow on, on those comments. I guess, it is an interesting dynamic of the potential like what you said in terms of the hedgeability or the hedgeable assets that can be headgeable on treasury outstanding stock that will need to be hedged and speculated on. I guess what's your view on -- does that stays in an intervention mode for a prolonged period of time? Is there anything you can do on your end at CME to stimulate those rate volumes or really to kind of depend on that environment? And then maybe just a second question tied to that maybe you can also talk about the equity index franchise. You've got a lot of new products coming on in terms of the options and the telco offering as well, if you could talk about your efforts there and outlook for volume growth in those earnings?
Sean Tully: Yes, of course. Thanks very much, I greatly appreciate the question. Were very excited as you know, innovation has been more momentous over the last several years. That has always been part of CME Groups DNA. So, our innovation continues unabated and the results so far this year are extremely strong. If you look at the first-half of 2020, product launch since 2010, this is data that we frequently update for you. Anyway, the first-half of this year, we achieved 3.2 million contracts on ADV, a new product launch since 2010. You'll recall that last year those same products were just 2.1 million ADV. So, weve seen 52% growth year-over-year in the ADV of those products launch since 2010. In addition to that, in the first-half this year we earned a $193 million in revenues, likewise, annualized about 25% year-over-year. So, the innovation continues on an extremely strong basis across all of our asset classes, and it's definitely a driver of growth. The single greatest product launch in CME Group history as you will be aware by now is our Micro E-mini. The Micro E-minis have achieved 1.6 million contract of ADV so far this year. And if you look at the second quarter, they achieved 1.9 million. If you look at other -- actually in addition to that, we have recently announced on August 31, we will be launching micro options. So, these are the smaller options that are the option equivalent of the Micro E-mini futures, which we're very excited about relative to the very significant uptake that we've had in micros. If you look the micros, another thing regarding the micros that we've talked about through time is their RPC. When we launch a new product, we typically have higher incentives. So that net RPC is going to be lower. As you know in the second quarter of 2019, the RPC on the Micro E-mini was 6.8 times, we told you at the time that we would be reducing those incentives over time and that that RPC would increase. So, we're very happy to say that in that second quarter of 2020, they're about 12.5% for our Micro E-mini, so nearly double the RPC of a year ago. In addition to that, we recently launched the new three year Treasury future, relaunched the new three year Treasury futures. We did it as we always do in terms of having a product that delivers a lower total cost, with in fact, half of the minimum price increment of the previous contract that existed. We're very excited about our traction in the new three year future. On the first day of that contract, we had 40 participants, we had more than 50 participants in total. Since launch, as of today, we're achieving over 3,000 ADV a day. On the first day, we achieved more volume on Globex in that contract than we did in our ultra 10 year future. So, we are very excited about participants there from banks, asset managers, hedge funds, and about 5,500 contracts open interest, which shows that it's real end users that are trading the product. Now, that gets me back to the previous, I guess all-time great launch of CME Group history with the ultra-10 year future. I'm very happy to say that the ultra-10 year future even in this environment, the ADV is 262,000 a day, or up about 21% year-over-year, and it's open interest at 977,000 contracts, likewise up well over 20% year-over-year. So, we continue to see innovation, so during COVID we launched a very successful new three year Treasury. We've seen extremely strong growth in our Micro E-minis and products like our recently launched ultra 10 year continue to thrive. I might mention our silver futures, silver futures volumes are up 58% year-over-year, 45,000 contracts today. ADV we had a record open interest in March of 612,000 contracts. And again, huge growth with 3.2 million contracts a day in ADV from the financial unit coming this year from innovative new products. Thanks for the question.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Next, we'll move to Ari Ghosh with CME Group [ph]. Please go ahead.
Ari Ghosh: Good morning, everyone. Maybe it's a quick one for Sean on the metals complex. It's a smaller revenue piece here but could be facing some nice tailwinds given Fed intervention and the rounds of stimulus. And you've also launched a new place delivery in gold contracts. So just curious the level of interest you're seeing here. You've seen interest build. And then any color on broader customer trends out of Asia? We've typically seen strong demand for both the metals and equity index products?
Terrence Duffy: Ari, we're going to have Derek Sammann answer that who heads up our metals complex. Derek?
Derek Sammann: Hey, Ari, thanks for the question. It's Derek here. Yes, metals continues to be a big area of growth for us, not only just coming off the overall macro environment. It's very positive for gold and the points that you've made. We just recently have revisited the highs and come back to the highs of over $1,900 that we just last retested back in March. Now the business this year has been spectacular. And to be honest, it's actually seeing significant market share gains relative to the broader OTC market and the portfolio [ph] market in London over the last five years as well. From a client perspective, we put up record numbers in Q1, actually record first-half numbers as well. And what's really interesting what we like about the metals business and the precious particular is the point you just made, our international growth continues to set the pace for the overall participation in our markets. When you look at the first-half business this year, overall the business was up 18%, our Asian business is up 30% -- and from APAC. What we like about the non-U.S. business is, I think you're aware is that our rate per contract associated with our non-U.S. customer base comes at a substantially higher rate than our U.S. franchise, primarily because they tend to be a lower percent of members. And we also see folks in the retail bucket and kind of the biocide participant coming in higher RPC. So, the overall macro trends for gold have been and continue to be very positive. The non-U.S. business continues to set the pace. And I think one of the really interesting things that we've seen not only in the volume growth and participation from Europe and Asia is, not a lot of people pay attention to this. We're at all-time record stocks of gold in our depositories. If you go back to February, March of this year, we had about 8.5 million to 9 million ounces of gold in our COMEX warehouses. We're up to a little bit north of 30 million ounces right now. And that tells you not only the volume trends, the global participation and the growth in the non-U.S. business, but it also means when the depositories grow like that, clearly the market is voting with its feet, to determine that COMEX branded warehouse depositories is the place where they want to have their metals. And that's been driving broader participation. So, it becomes a virtuous cycle of volume growth, international participation, adding more materials into the warehouse. And that's been one of the major reasons why we've seen not just growth in metals volumes overall, but continued high strong growth in our rate per contract as well. I think our total rate per contract in our overall metals complex is the highest RPC contract we have at about $1.46, despite the fact that business is up 17%, 18% volume wise, we actually have an RPC that's drifting a little bit higher, I think it's about 1%, up year-on-year. So, strong growth and the non-U.S. participant, strong vote in terms of the metals flowing into depositories. And that's reflected both in the volumes, revenues and the higher rate per contract despite higher volumes.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Derek.
Ari Ghosh: Great, color. Thanks, guys.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: We will next go to Chris Allen of Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Chris Allen: Good morning, everyone. I appreciate the incremental color on the cross selling efforts. I wonder if you could give us any numbers in terms of how that's translating it, whether it's volumes or open interest. And also if you could provide an update, whether there's been any progress on the clearing front, in terms of realizing any synergies, would change for customers between CME and DTCC. And maybe just to refresh on what the expectations are in terms of the benefits, once the technology migration is over to Globex are completed? Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Chris. I'm going to ask Julie Winkler to talk a little bit about the cross selling, and then on clearing with DTCC on the margin benefits, Sean can address that question. So, Julie, why don't you start?
Julie Winkler: Sure. Thanks for the question, Chris. Yes, we are really making outstanding progress as we think about how we've been able to integrate the sales team to support cross selling. As we kind of expected, right, there was a natural dip in those cost reductions in late March and April, as really the sales reps were focused on supporting those clients through this unprecedented volatility. But now what we're seeing is those efforts are really accelerating at a record pace. So, when we look at Q2 and I mentioned it earlier, the 500 cross introductions, May was a new monthly high for us where we did 300 across our respective businesses. A little more insight on that, so nearly 70% of the cross introductions that have been made, have occurred for the transactional based businesses in Q2. The FX franchise is really a cornerstone of that and is at the forefront of the cross introduction efforts. So, that would be optimization or EBS or BrokerTec clients that are being referred into our futures and options our core business. And, kind of right after FX, the other introductions have been happening with EBS, as well as interest rates. So, for futures and options, as well as Traiana end market data. I'd say, the other probably standout client segment that we're seeing momentum with cross selling is for our commercial clientele. And that's really happening across EBS, as well as our optimization product suite. And so this is, really kind of based on the investment that we're making in our global sales force and providing them with the training and the tools that they need to effectively cross sell this holistic suite of products. So, still a little early days for specifics in terms of the revenue that those items are generating. Obviously, as we go into these clients going live with these products, we'll have more information on that. Thanks for the question. I'll turn it back to you, Terry.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Julie. Sean, you want to address the current benefits with DTCC that we're working on?
Sean Tully: Yes, absolutely. So, as you mentioned, we are working very closely with DTCC on to creating benefits or working on increasing our benefits, and potentially its a cross margin between our treasury futures and cash treasury. Those benefits today for the handful of clients to take advantage of them typically at 20% or 30% worth of offsets. We do expect to get those offset percentages closer to 70% plus, once the agreements are finalized and approved by the regulators. We are working very closely with them on that. We don't have any announcements in that regard yet, though I would like to mention nonetheless, that in terms of delivering margin capital, total cost efficiencies to our customers, this is something we work on every day and we have several initiatives. So, for example, with the increased volatility this year as with -- therefore the significant increases in margins that are required in order to cover the more volatile products. We have seen a significant uptick in portfolio margining between our OTC swaps and our interest rate futures. We added seven new clients this year, so up to 55 clients, and two clients who had stopped using the service, have started using it once again. So this year, on average, we have achieved $5.4 billion worth of margin savings for our clients. And that's in all to an all-time record, new high in terms of the average for the year to-date. In addition to that, we are working hard. The clearinghouse is working hard on creating portfolio margining between our listed interest rate options and interest rate swaps as well. And that is another efficiency that we hope to launch in the next several months, which will also add a unique efficiency to the marketplace. So, yes, we're working on the efficiencies, the DTCC. We're getting greater traction in our portfolio margining against OTC swaps, and we're also looking to add portfolio margining against our listed interest rate options.
Chris Allen: Thanks, Sean.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you, Chris. Thanks for your question.
Operator: Thank you. We will next go to Mike Carrier with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Carrier: Good morning and thanks for taking the question. I think the bigger picture question, given the rate backdrop, just wanted to get your take on this cycle versus the prior one. So the last time rates were here, you guys worked with clients and you were fairly innovative in creating new products, which eventually played out, but it did take some time. So in this backdrop, are you seeing similar trends in terms of demand for some of those contracts or even product innovation? Or is it too early? And is the low rate backdrop impacting other product areas, similarly or not, versus the last cycle?
Terrence Duffy: Sean, you want to go ahead and address that, and then I'll jump in as well.
Sean Tully: Sure. It is a volatility, they're very different across the different markets. And you can see that in our volume numbers, right? So that's obviously volatility is something that is out of our control. The product innovation, interaction with clients, delivering additional value, that's all in our control and we do that every day. The volatility is outside of our control. As I said earlier, the month of July, all time record low volatilities across the curve, from Eurodollars all the way out to the ultra-bond. If you look at the eighth Eurodollar future, the last time we've seen something like this, not surprisingly, the month of July looks to me a lot like October of 2012. And if you think about it, as I said earlier, the Federal Reserve has intervened by buying $2.9 trillion worth of securities, so increasing their balance sheet by $2.9 trillion, right in a period of three or four months. That is almost as much intervention as they did during the entire financial crisis. During the entire financial crisis, their balance sheet grew by $2.9 trillion about $3.6 trillion. So they've already bought, almost as many securities as they did back then. So unprecedented speed and I think thats why the July values look similar again to October 2012. In terms of innovation, were very excited about the three year treasury futures, that I mentioned earlier. Were also very excited about growth that weve seen in our long end, with the additional coupons even with intervention by the Federal Reserve. If you look at, as I said earlier, the ADV the ultra-10 year up more than 20% year-over-year year, the bond future ADV, if you look at the full year, ADV is up 13%. And that's the bond future and the ultra-bond up about 16%. So, we continue to see more trading further up the curve. We had an email announcement out to our clients today, reminding them about the great news of our bond and ultra-bond futures in regards to the new 20 year issue. As you'll recall, during that May refunding, there was the announcement of the new 20 year bond by the U.S. Treasury. During the quarterly auction series the three months, the treasury did issue $50 billion worth of those bonds. And we have seen very good growth in our ultra-bond and our bond futures, where those are being used as a hedge against that new 20 year issued. If you look at, for example, inter commodity spreads, the single most popular inter commodity spread in our rate complex today is what we call the bond spread or bond versus ultra-bond. And this is specifically around that new 20 year issue i.e. the dynamics there. We're during the WI period when the new 20 year started trading, the new 20 year bond sits right at the center of the deliverable basket of our bonds future. And the marketplace chose that it would trade in WI as a spread to the cheapest to deliver to our ultra-bond futures. So, we are seeing increasing use of our products further out curve as the treasury is issuing more securities. We're constantly looking as well at things like lowered minimum price increments. So, you know that we had great success in lowering the minimum price increment on cash two year notes as well as two year note futures. You'll recall, we did that at the beginning of 2019, and we saw approximately extra 160,000 contracts a day additional volume in our two year note futures. That was one of the things that caused us to launch the new three year with a lower minimum price increment matching the minimum price increment on our two year and half of the minimum price increment that that contract had previously and again with a successful start. Whether it is in the cash treasury bond market where we now have BrokerTec, we are definitely looking there at the innovation, the possibility for lowered minimum price increments, and what we can do there. And I'll also answer your question with BrokerTec, we are moving on very well in terms of the migration of BrokerTec from the BrokerTec's existing platform today, over to our CME Globex. And, as John mentioned earlier, we do expect that cutover later this year. Next year, we will we will migrate EBS over to this platform over to Globex.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Sean. Mike, thank you for your question. I was going to add him, but I think Sean hit all the high points. So, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Owen Lau: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Would you be able to provide any more color on the Wells notice for your indices JV with S&P. But if not, can you talk more about ESG? Is ESG initiatives you would like to call out that CME is working on? Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: John?
John Pietrowicz: Sure. Thank you, Owen. This is John. In terms of the in terms of the Wells notice, that is something that we have been aware of. And that is something that does not impact our trading business at all. In any questions regarding the Wells notice at the S&P, Dow Jones JV should really be addressed to S&P Global. So, I'd encourage you to contact them to get more updates. In terms of the ESG products, we certainly are involved in developing products around ESG initiatives. We currently have a equity product on the S&P ESG. I'll turn it over to Julie, because she can talk a little bit about, some of the work that her research team is doing, regarding product development on the ESG space.
Julie Winkler: Yes. Thanks, John, and thanks for the question Owen. We did introduce our first ESG report just a few weeks ago on our website, which talks a little bit more broadly about CME Group's ESG strategy. And a key part of that is definitely our product-related strategy and where the progress that we've been making in terms of cross functional ESG product committee has really been looking at those across our product suite. And we believe there's some great opportunities to adjust some of our existing products, as well as some new product introduction. And we are looking to get some of those rolled out before the balance of the year. There is a lot of interest from our client base, particularly in Europe, I would say a lot of investor interest. And that's been a key part of the success of our ESG 500 S&P index futures contracts. And we believe that that will also help drive some of the interest in these other benchmarks that we look to introduce later this year.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Julie. Thank you, Owen.
Operator: We will move to our next question that comes from Jeremy Campbell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Campbell: Hey, thanks. And Sean, thanks for the macro color around the rates and the puts and takes of the outlook from here. I'm just wondering about the rates activity impacts, once we control for the number of users, you guys have hooked into the CME futures ecosystem. Like I think over the past like six to eight years, since the prior zero rate environment, your user base has grown in both the U.S. and abroad, but you have ADVs, excluding the first quarter of this year, that are kind of tracking more in line with a 2012 to 2014 levels. So, I know volatility is crazy low and maybe it's the Fed crowding everybody out of it, but I would have thought even materially lower activity levels per user might have yielded a better overall activity level than the prior cycle?
Terrence Duffy: Sean?
Sean Tully: Yes. I think that's a very good question. And I think your supposition is a good one. The challenge that we're facing is that the volatility we're seeing in July is in fact, lower than we saw in October of 2012, for example, which was the all-time low for the eighth Eurodollar future. So as I said earlier, the volatility in that eighth Eurodollar future, if you look at a continuous contract is in fact the lowest it's ever been since the launch of the product. So, I agree with your supposition, the volatility environment is more challenging now than it was in 2012 in fact, from that metric perspective. But again, with the unprecedented increase in the size of the deficits, as well as the unprecedented uncertainty around the unemployment numbers and the GDP numbers for example, I do believe that on a go forward basis, that there's going to be more hedging than ever before needed in the future, once the pandemic recedes.
Jeremy Campbell: Great. Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: We will move next to Chris Harris with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Harris: Yes. I want to ask you a little bit about 2021. I know it's early, but what do you guys need to see in order for expenses to grow in 2021? Would there also need to be revenue growth? And then related to that, I believe there's a decent amount of any ex-synergies that should flow through next year. So maybe you can flesh out why spending would exceed the synergies next year?
Terrence Duffy: John?
John Pietrowicz: Sure. Chris, this is John. Thank you for the question. In terms of our expense outlook, you're correct. It is early days to be able to provide you some guidance. We're all very hopeful that we can have the economies around the world open up safely. Should the environment improve? You'd see, for example, a higher level of travel and marketing spend and as we look to intensify our client outreach. So that would mean that our expenses might be higher than the low-single-digits, as we are growing off an artificially low base. When I say low-single-digits, that's really our core expense growth base -- growth rates. So, if you look over the last several years, our expense growth rate on the core side has been about 2.5% to 3%. As you can imagine, with sales and our in-person marketing has been really curtailed. The sales efforts in terms of travel and entertainment and marketing has really been curtailed during pandemic. And hopefully as the economies open up we'll see a more intensified in-person where we can experience for our clients. In terms of synergies, you're right. The bulk of the synergies, run rate synergy capture is in front of us. We targeted $50 million last year, we exceeded that target and hit $64 million. We're targeting a $110 million in run rate synergies for this year and we're well on our way to achieving that $110 million run rate. When you take a look at the amount of realized synergies that we have in our income statement in 2020, we anticipated that being approximately $15 million and we've been able to accelerate that realized synergies through $25 million and that was also something that was that we were able to use to help reduce our overall expense guidance for 2020. So really, when you think about our expense growth going into next year, similar to the model that we use this year, we've got a core expense growth rate of 2.5% to 3%. We would make any adjustments for any additional spending relative to coming out of the COVID. We would obviously reduce that for the amount of realized synergies in 2021, that we would get through the migration of EBS towards the back-half of 2021. So, we'd see synergy capture there. Wed also see a full year impact in the synergy capture when we migrate BrokerTec off the legacy platforms on to Globex. So the puts and takes are in general, core expense growth rate, any adjustments related to coming out of the COVID and that's going to be offset by our synergy capture, as we migrate off of the legacy NEX systems into our Globex platform. But, I mean, I think the long and short of it though is, that we as a management team are laser focused on our expenses going into this year and going into next year. This is something that we are going to have a strong eye on throughout the rest of this year, and as we planned for 2021. So, thank you. Thanks for the question Chris.
Operator: We will go to our next question coming from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Hey, good morning. I'm curious what should we read into BrokerTecs U.S. Treasurys market share losses accelerating during the second quarter?
Terrence Duffy: Sean?
Sean Tully: Yes. So, I haven't seen that actually, so if you -- but let me actually clarify that right. So, if you look at the central limit order book share of the dealer-to-dealer market, our market share over the last 12 months has actually increased. When we look at market share, we look at the dealer-to-dealer market. You may be looking at the dealer-to-customer market plus the dealer-to-dealer market, which we don't compete in the dealer-to-customer market, so that may be a difference there. We have seen a small drop in our share of the overall dealer-to-dealer market, and what I mean in that regard is, there is some traction in dealer-to-dealer space coming from relationship based trading platforms. On that front, we are working hard on a few things. First, we have launched BrokerTec stream, which is our BrokerTec dealer-to-dealer relationship based trading platform. And we are making progress on that front. We also look to enhance that technology, so we are investing in technology, that's already been planned, to improve that technology, so that becomes more competitive relative to alternative platforms. We also will offer unique benefits, because we have the most significant central limit order book in dealer-to-dealer space. I mean, once we have that better technology in the direct trading dealer-to-dealer space. So again, main message is, first, if you may be looking at the overall treasury market which would include dealer-to-customer which we don't compete in, dealer-to-customer has grown relative to dealer-to-dealer. Within the dealer-to-dealer space, our share of market in terms of central limit order books has actually grown over the last 12 months. If you look at the overall dealer-to-dealer market, it has receded by my calculations by about 5 percentage points, maybe 6. Again, relative to the direct trading platforms, and we are building our own and looking to grow. Thanks for the question.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: We will go next to Kyle Voigt with KBW. Please go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe it's a cleanup question for John on this net investment income. I think 2Q revenues there imply a bit higher than the 2 basis points yield you mentioned last quarter. Just wondering if you could give a 2Q average cash balances and the yield on that in 2Q and maybe how those balances and the yield on those have trended into the third quarter?
Terrence Duffy: John?
John Pietrowicz: Sure, thanks. Thanks, Terry. Thanks, Kyle. Thanks for your question. Yes, when you take a look at our non-operating income and expense portion of our income statement, sequentially, it's done about $15 million, and thats made of primarily three items. One, you're correct. When you look at the returns we earn on cash held by clients at the clearing house, it came down. As we mentioned last quarter, the interest on excess reserves came down to about 10 basis points in the middle of March. And with that move, we adjusted our rates accordingly. That reduced our net returns from net 19 basis points in Q1 towards 4 basis points in Q2. That was partially offset by higher average cash balances, which more than doubled to $83 billion. So, that's what drove the sequential reduction. Now, we did have a higher investment returns from the 2 basis points to approximately 4 basis points. And that's because we were able to leverage some or some say leverage, but invest in a higher yielding instruments than that at the Fed. So, we were able to take advantage of some of that which allowed us to increase our yield from about 2 to 4. In terms of the other items in that section, we did see a reduction in the earnings from the JV of about $2 million. It's important to note that year-to-date, this line is up about 18.6% compared to last year, then we saw a small reduction in our corporate investing activities of about $1 million. In terms of our leverage, again, as I mentioned last quarter, we did hit our one times debt-to-EBITDA target, and we paid off the balance of $100 million in commercial paper this quarter. So, we have no commercial paper outstanding. So, that would impact our interest expense, which would roll into this line. In terms of activity going into this third quarter, when you take a look at the average so far in July, our average cash balance is about $71.5 billion, that compares to the average in Q2 of $83.1 billion. So, thats your breakdown, Kyle.
Kyle Voigt: That's helpful. And should that 4 basis point yield be sustainable?
John Pietrowicz: I would anticipate higher than the 2 basis points at this point. I don't have a forecast in terms of interest rates getting to the 4 basis points. But right now, I would say it's going to be higher than the 2.
Kyle Voigt: All right. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Kyle.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ken Hill with Rosenblatt. Please go ahead.
Ken Hill: Hey, good morning. I wanted to ask on the international front here. In 1Q, I think the growth was pretty strong in Asia and Europe of 73% and 54%. It looks like Asia in 2Q was still slightly positive, but I didn't see a number for Europe. So, I was hoping you could provide that number for what Europe look like in 2Q? And then maybe more broadly comment on how the environment trended throughout the quarter. Did you see people coming back into the market, as the pandemic might have eased in those areas? Or what are you seeing in the regions today as well? Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: John, you will start and I'll ask Julie to join in as well.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thank you. Thanks, Terry. Yes. Thanks, Ken. So, in terms of our international activity, year-to-date it continues to outpace U.S. performance. For the quarter, our international business, face really tough comparables. As you know, Q2 of 2019 was a second highest quarter for international activity behind Q1 of this year. For the quarter, APAC grew about 1% year-over-year. Six out of our top 10 countries, including our top three of Singapore, Korea and Hong Kong were up. And four out of the top 10 were up double digits. Looking at EMEA, it was down about 11% year-over-year, but we did see as we saw five out of the top 10 countries there were up, and three of those top 10 countries were up double digits. And the Netherlands, which is our second largest country by volume was up triple digits. Now we did see some migration from the UK to the Netherlands in anticipation of Brexit, but we also saw very strong growth there as well. So, our overall international activity for the quarter was in line with full year 2019 ADV, which is a strong year for us in 2019. So, I'll turn it over to Julie in terms of the customer experience.
Julie Winkler: Yes. As you know, much of our international activity is driven by that active trader retail client segment. Equities and metals being products that were significantly transacted by those clients. And when we're looking across the space, Q2 was very strong in revenue for that segment. We saw over 130,000 new accounts coming into our market through that active trader segment, that was up more than 100% year-on-year. So obviously, the volatility is there, but also just this work from home and lockdown environment is really making that particular segment trade even more with us. Id also just point out, as we think about those new customers, so over 50% of those new customers that I just spoke about, again, most of those being international, traded at least one of our four E-micro equity index products, and 20% of those new customers had only traded an e- micro. And so, we continue to see that being a great new client acquisition driver for us in terms of the product suite, and that we believe is also going to lend well to that E-micro options launch that we have coming up in Q3. Of those new clients that came in from over 166 different countries around the world, so while the U.S. was strong, as John pointed out as well as Taiwan, South Korea, Hong Kong, China. We're definitely seeing those countries and participants within those countries work, trade more with us, as well as the work that we're doing with our broker partners is really helping to drive some of those numbers. Hope that helps.
Ken Hill: Yes. Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: We will go to our next question from Kenneth Worthington of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Worthington: Hi, good morning. Maybe just wrapping up on oil and gas trading. So, what is your perspective on the impact, if any from the negative WTI pricing during the April delivery? And has there been any lasting impact on trading behavior or participation? And then why do you think there might have not been greater acceptance of the Houston-based products? They seem like a great product, but they really haven't taken off, any views there?
Terrence Duffy: Derek?
Derek Sammann: Hey, Ken. Thanks for the question. Yes, good question. You look at the impacts of both the extreme levels of high volatility and the price uncertainty, driven by the huge demand destruction by the supply concerns, as created by the Saudis, and then some of the questions around storage. What we saw from the primary output from the negative pricing on April 20 was, for those firms that have problems with their systems being able to handle negative pricing, we've seen brokers and intermediaries largely update their systems in the anticipation that they need to be able to handle both pricing, but frankly margining for their clients, in case negative pricing happens again going forward. We did see some brokers initially pull out of allowing customers, primarily in the retail side from being able to trade in the spot market trading in both WTI and Brent. And that did impact some of the self-directed trading volumes. But we are seeing some of that business come back online now that most of those brokers, if not all, have updated their systems. Really the biggest change that we've seen from April, high degrees of volatility. I think we saw a frontline WTIs spike up to close to 106% volatility. And the biggest change over the last three months, as we've actually seen the normalization of the overall supply and demand dynamics in the global crude oil market. You certainly saw OPEC out there announcing their decisions to the rollout agreed cuts. We've seen that roll into addressing at least some of the concerns around the supply side of the equation. The demand side of the equation is still in flux right now. What we actually see is with the price of crude oil globally rebounding to kind of the current $40 level on or thereabouts. We're actually seeing a fairly flat forward curve in both WTI and Brent with a fairly static $2 to $2.5 Brent TI spread. So, this has frankly created a less interesting market for some financial players. And we're seeing that in the reduced volumes and volatility in both June and July. Now, if you look at the year-to-date results overall, we did deliver both record Q1 and first-half energy revenues as a whole. And we talked about the strength and some of the business we're seeing out of Europe and Asia. If you actually look at the European revenues, European revenues first-half were up 25%. So, we continue to expand our non-U.S. customer base, and that's really helped us maintain healthy overall growth. If you look at the energy revenue, despite the overall volume has been up 20%, our rate per contract and energy as a whole has been almost static, I think down maybe $0.005, despite the 20% growth overall. One of the really interesting parts of the overall energy franchise, we don't talk about nearly as much as natural gas. Natural gas is a business that has been following that same globalization path, that we've been seen and been talking about and been investing in, both in crude oil and in what we've seen in the natural gas market. Year-to-date, our natural gas futures business is up 46%, natural gas options are up 71%. And that continues to be a huge part of our overall energy story. And this is a market also that we need to remember we maintain that 82% market share. And this has been a boost to our overall energy business, because our rate per contract in Nat gas futures and options is higher than what we've seen in crude oil. So, that's helping the upward pressure on the overall RPC as a whole. Very quickly on the Houston contract, it's a great point. We launched that contract back in November of 2018, explicitly focused on those folks involved in the export chain. So, remember what that Houston physical contract reference, it's allow customers that if you're involved in the export chain, you need to price for on the water Houston-based delivery, as oil flows out of Cushing down to Houston goes on barges and ships out to Europe and U.S. Well, what we saw in the first-half of this year was, overall continued production ramps up in the U.S. up until about February. We were producing I think in the U.S. about 13 million barrels a day, of which about 3 million were going to export. And we did see that business in HCL, the Houston based [indiscernible] contract grow. But it's in the maybe 500 to 800 contracts a day sort of a volume. What we saw, following the implosion of the both supply and demand story was not only U.S. production pulled back to that 10 million to 10.5 million barrels a day, we're actually seeing exports out of the U.S. decline as well. So, as exports declined, demand for an export focused product had declined. So, it's still out there. We're actually continuing to still innovate it, talk to our commercial customers about what we can do to enhance that contract. And we've got some conversations going into how to make that more interesting. But, that'll really be a function Ken, of what the export situation in the U.S. looks like. The other point that I'd probably want to touch on very briefly is, we continue to see a strong growth in the August assessed contracts, primarily in Midland and in Houston. And those, as you remember, trade about 7,000 to 8,000 contracts a day, but have close to 350,000 contracts open interest. And those are additional contracts that allow customers involved in both the domestic market but also the export market. To use those contracts, they trade as a basis against WTI. And those are contracts that allow physical participants to manage their risk out into Midland, out into Houston. And so those contracts we've had that for a number of years. But it takes a long period of time for customers to adapt, particularly commercial customers to using those products that we see that strong continued growth and significant holdings in OI as potentially path for how we see that Houston HCL contracts evolve. But that'll be a function of how we see the export market regain its footing here, as the COVID demand impacts start to level out, they start to see miles flown and miles driven increase again. So, I hope that answers your questions, Ken?
Kenneth Worthington: Yes, great. Very comprehensive. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. We will move next to Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Hello again, sorry for dragging out the call, just a couple of follow-ups. One, coming back to the rates franchise, any updated thoughts on the floor? I know you're reopening, I think, the Eurodollar pit in August or in a couple of weeks or so. Any updated thoughts of how that may impact the overall trading markets? Again, I mean, have you looked at data a little bit more closely, how maybe the floor being closed has had a negative impact on the trading markets overall? And then different topic, and I guess it's coming back to the oil question just now. But just one quick follow-up. I keep on reading more headlines around oil production in the U.S. may never see peaks like we had in the past. So, with that backdrop and just kind of like that underlying commodity, really not growing any more long-term. Can you still grow your oil franchise? Or is this outside of what you just said, Derek?
Terrence Duffy: Why don't I go ahead and start and then Derek can talk a little bit about oil. What I don't believe the demise of oil is here just yet. So, I would say, Alex, that we've heard this before and then we saw prices either dropped precipitously or rise exponentially. So, every time someone comes out, any particular product or an asset class, it seems to move. So I would not just count it out just yet. There's still -- I think what we're seeing right now is there's so much uncertainty on the supply demand equation as it relates to the COVID, because it's not in one central location, it's around the world. So, I would not, again, count that asset class out as not being able to move up or down. And Derek can give you more color in just a second. But on the trading floor, I don't believe that not having the floor has impacted the trading business. As you know, we've been able when we've spent many of years with our technology, being able to replicate transactions that have been done historically on the trading floor. So, I don't see that as anything that's inhibited our business growth, especially as it relates to the Eurodollar contract. I think what John referenced is really the most important component of the fundamentals of the Eurodollar contract, which is the levels of volatility are at not just historic lows, but at contract lows since inception. That's a big statement that could have the impact. We are excited to have the floor come back. That being said, on August 10, as you referenced. So the business, as you know, is still roughly 50-50 as it relates to the floor and the screen. So we'll see if the participants when they come back, if they can be able to continue to facilitate that business in the world that we live in today. But we don't believe it's been impacted just by the foreclosure. So with that being said, I'll turn it over to John or to Derek.
Derek Sammann: Yes. Thanks, Alex. Great question on the oil side. Listen, I think Terry is exactly right. I think there's cyclicality to the oil market, people are calling for the demise of this market. And Terry knows because he was sitting in front of Senate talking about, the market at $140 a barrel. And there were a lot of prognostications as to what that would lead to. And we then have seen the other end of the spectrum over the last couple of months. So I think there are significant fluctuations and a lot of divergent opinions out there about what OPEC is going to do, what Russia is going to do, the U.S. capability, what certainly the U.S. has done, having lifted the export ban back in 2000 -- end of 14, and 15. And what we've seen that mean to U.S. energy independence has been nothing but positive in terms of job creation and certainly in terms of the U.S.' ability to ramp up production from 4 million to 5 million barrels a day up to that 13 peak that we hit earlier this year, and exporting in excess of 3 million barrels a day. We expect that that will continue to come back. That is a pure function of the demand side of the equation. The more shut-ins we have, the more states that are walking down, the more countries that are disallowing travel, that's just a cap on demand right now. So, once we start to move into economies opening, once we start to move into vaccines, for us, we see that the lever of growth that we have pulled hard, working in conjunction with Julie's team on the international sales side is continuing to grow our non-U.S. participation. It has been the hallmark of our growth. We are early markets penetration into Europe and Asia right now. And I think the numbers you see that we continue to talk about, certainly validate that. And the growth in our sales organization that Julie has built over the last couple of years, with our focus in Europe and Asia continues to unlock opportunities for us. So, we don't see this as a static market that has to be split up, based on who's in the market or what product they're choosing. We see this very much as our ability to access a growing demand customer base in Europe and Asia. And I think it's far too early to call it sort of a peak oil conversation here in 2020, when I think you've got this significantly artificial cap on global demand, really coming from the COVID situation and coming from economic growth. So that's how we think about it. And Alex, the way we continue to invest in the business as a whole, internationalizing our business, extending WTI as a global benchmark, growing our options business, and then expanded education out into Europe and Asia for those customers that continue to grow that high margin business for us. So hopefully, that puts a little extra color on top of what Terry was talking about earlier.
Alex Kramm: Yes, very good. Thanks again.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Thank you. We will now go to our final question from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks for taking my follow-up and thanks for extending the call. Just a few quick follow-ups. Just John, back on the expenses on the synergies, just want to verify. We're exiting at a $110 million of synergies at year end, after the BrokerTec conversion. Should we be considering that, like an $85 million tailwinds to the expenses and reducing expenses given the 25 million? I think you talked about for 2020. That's the first question. The second question was just to go back to what Julie said about retail. I'm not sure if I missed it, but the proportion of volumes from retail in the second quarter versus the first quarter. And do you see is it just -- is it all concentrated in equities and metals? Are you seeing any in energy? And just along those lines, the RPC dynamic going into the third quarter obviously, it's a headwind down the equity side, but we've also seen really good RPC build in energy. Do you see that sustainable into 3Q?
John Peschier: Hi, Brian. This is John. I'll take the integration question and then I'll mention kind of what we're seeing in the equities RPC, which I think will be helpful for you, as you think about the third quarter. So in terms of our integration, we had a target of $50 million in terms of run rate synergies at the end of last year. We hit $64 million. We've got a target of $110 million at the end of this year, and we're on track to meet that $110 million. Obviously, the organization is focused on exceeding it, but we're well on our way to achieving the $110 million. So, going into next year, we would have a $46 million reduction in our cost base. The difference between the $64 million that we ended last year and the $110 million that we got targeted this year. So that $46 million would be what would allow us to reduce our costs going into next year, and that would give us $110 million run rate synergies, based on what we had projected or forecasted with the acquisition of NEX. So, that's on the integration side. Then, when you look at the RPC side, I think it's really important on the equities to really understand the product mix. So, it's a product mix story for equities this quarter. As you guys know, our micros products are tremendous success and sequentially the trading is up 30%. Now it's a premium price product from a risk adjusted perspective, but has a lower RPC that our E-minis. In Q1 micros were 22% of our total volume and in Q2, they were 34% of our total volume. Now a couple things to note, and Sean touched on this earlier, but I'll reiterate it. The micros RPC increased from $0.112 in Q1 to $0.125 in Q2, and they're up from $0.068, the same quarter last year. When you look at the equity RPC excluding micros, that RPC increased from $0.76 in Q1 to $0.804 in Q2, and it's up from $0.73 from the same quarter last year. That's increasing because, we did make some pricing adjustments in our equity complex, but also we find our clients are using higher price products like BTIC, like our dividend futures and like the total return futures. So, in our equity complex, the RPCs are increasing. It's really just a mixed shift story in our equities. So that, those were the two, and I think I'll turn it over to Julie for your third question.
Julie Winkler: Sure. So, on the product mix with our active trader segment, you are correct there that we did see some declines, as Derek pointed out earlier, given the access on the brokers to that providing to clients for the WTI. We saw some declines year-to-date. We're still up on energy as well as up significantly with our equity index and our metals business, as well as FX and our Ag and interest rate is pretty flat. We've also seen a trend, particularly from our APAC clients of transitioning from WTI into Nat gas. And that is something that is definitely positive across the energy product mix for this segment. So, that's something that we are watching as well.
Brian Bedell: And it's just the overall mix of retail within your ADVs versus 2Q versus 1Q, across the franchise?
Julie Winkler: John, do you have that number?
John Pietrowicz: I don't have it just handy.
Brian Bedell: If not, I can follow up later. Thanks so much for all the detail. I really appreciate it. Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Duffy, at this time I will turn the conference to you for any final remarks.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you. Thank you all, I appreciate it very much. And I know the team does as well. We live in very interesting times and we truly believe that managing risk will be critically important as we continue to evolve, not only from COVID, but other issues that are affecting the entire world. For all the reasons that Sean and Derek and Julie and John explained, we will feel very optimistic about our position. We, as a team, I will tell you that we remain laser focused on innovation, client outreach, the things we talked about capital efficiencies, the integration of NEX. And I'll stress this again, we are laser focused on expense discipline, we will continue to be disciplined as we run this business on everyone's behalf. So, we thank you for your time this morning. We appreciate your questions. And we look forward to talking to you soon. And we wish you and your families all the health and safety. And thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you all for your attention. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the CME Group First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to our first presenter Mr. John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier: Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. Im going to start with the Safe Harbor language then Ill turn it over to Terry, Derek, and John for brief remarks followed by your questions. Other members of our management team will also participate in the Q&A. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statement. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in our filings with the SEC which are on our website. Lastly, in the final page of our earnings release you will find a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence A. Duffy: Thank you John and thank you all for joining us this morning. We hope you and your families are healthy and staying safe. Today, we have Julie Winkler joining us, along with Ken Vroman. Julie heads our global sales and research areas, and she has taken over our data business. Ken is now running our optimization area and our international business. Julie and Ken are taking on several of Bryan Durkins responsibilities as he transitions to his role as an advisor. Also, I am going to have Derek Sammann make a few comments regarding the energy markets at the end of my remarks.  These are obviously extraordinarily difficult and challenging times for all of us. The COVID-19 pandemic has taken a devastating toll on human life and created unprecedented uncertainty around the world. It has also changed our daily lives in ways that seemed unimaginable only a few weeks ago. The heroes in this crisis are clear. Our sincere thanks go out to the entire medical community fighting this disease on the front lines and aggressively working towards a vaccine. We also want to thank the many first responders who continue to risk their lives to keep us safe.  At CME Group, we remain focused on the health and safety of our entire community. We took early action and were the first in the industry to close our trading floor to protect our employees and market participants who access that facility on a daily basis. We also implemented work from home mandates and travel restrictions to protect employees across our global offices. We are proud of the resilience of our team and how they have risen to this new challenge. Our employees continue to work incredibly hard to help our customers and partners navigate through this challenge and its increased uncertainty and volatility. With that in mind, Id like to highlight a number of metrics that we think reflect our performance this quarter and are important to consider as we look forward.  Our systems and processes performed extremely well with peak order traffic during the quarter, and we saw very consistent response times. Our highest volume day on record took place in the first quarter, when we traded 58 million contracts on February 28th. Aside from the peaks, Q1 volumes set records across many different product areas as our global clients managed risk. Average daily volume for the quarter was 27 million, up 45% from 2019. In addition, our volume in the first quarter from clients outside the United States was particularly strong, averaging 7.3 million contracts per day or up 56%. As a result, clients continued to be able to manage their risk across all products and all time zones.  We also maintained our industry-leading clearing function to provide safeguards for every trade. In response to increased volatility, we raised margins on many products across most asset classes. These prudent risk management policies were reviewed with both our clearing house, risk committees, and our regulators. We are in daily contact with our regulators to ensure the health of our markets during these unprecedented peaks of volatility.  Let me turn to the trading floor for a moment, our options volumes in key products, especially interest rates and equities that have traditionally relied on the floor, have held up well since we closed it. We successfully assisted many clients who trade on the floor to the screen, leveraging our own front-end platform in order to quickly register and onboard a significant number of new users over a short time period. And, in the five weeks since then, interest rate options as a percentage of interest rate futures, have remained at roughly the same levels. So far, these volumes are actually ahead of where they were on the last few days that the pits were open.  As many of you know, we have made a significant effort to increase our global sales presence. We began to make an investment several years ago and to deepen our client coverage around the globe. And that has served us extremely well with our regionally-focused sales model. Today, more than half our sales staff is based outside the United States. We have sales professionals in 19 cities located in 15 countries around the world. Our sales, product management, clearing and operations teams have worked closely together to handle client engagement during this pandemic, with client interactions at a record high. Client feedback consistently mentions that our proactive outreach stands out compared to others in our industry. We believe these efforts will continue to pay off. We saw broad-based strength across all customer groups including asset managers, hedge funds, banks, prop trading firms, commercials, and retail. Our retail business was up more than 70% growth with considerable strength in the U.S., Europe and Asia.  Last, but certainly not least, we made considerable progress during Q1 to integrate the NEX business. We divested NEX Exchange, and we integrated our London offices where more than 600 of our employees work. We completed over 290 cross-selling meetings to clients from both our traditional futures business, and those of the cash and optimization businesses we acquired. For reference, that compares to 400 of these cross-selling meetings during the full year of 2019. The largest percentage of these meetings continue to be focused on new clients in our interest rates and FX and options businesses and we also are seeing success with optimization, EBS, BrokerTec, and data services.  To summarize the first quarter, the market environment was challenging for all of us on a professional and a personal level. I am proud of the dedication of our employee base as they stepped up to the challenge. We also appreciate the trust that our market participants have in our ability to deliver results. Looking ahead, we do not know yet what the long term impact of COVID-19 will be. But we do know that financial markets are an important part of maintaining our economy and ultimately recovering from this tragedy. As we move forward through 2020, our strategy remains the same, to build strong global benchmark offerings with deep liquidity around the clock, to continue our commitment to offer all of these asset classes on common platforms, to deliver world class risk management and capital efficiencies, to promote broad participation, offer robust distribution and continue developing our strong channel partnerships. We look forward to answering any questions you have, but before that, I am going to turn the call over to Derek Sammann. Derek.
Derek Sammann: Thank you Terry. As Terry mentioned, the COVID-19 pandemic has caused increased uncertainty and elevated volatility across all of our asset classes, including our global crude oil market. Id like to take a moment to provide our perspective on what happened in the crude oil market last week to further context these -- most of these events. Overall, the WTI futures markets performed as they were designed in a challenging market environment and Ill share a few comments on what we saw in the market to illustrate that further. Continued downward price pressure and a significantly steepening contango have created unique challenges for the global oil market over the last few months. Along with a significant oversupply of oil, there has also been a drastic reduction in global demand, with global daily oil consumption decreasing from 100 million barrels a day to 70 million barrels a day. Heightened concerns about storage capacity in the U.S. and abroad have intensified the downward pressure on oil prices as well. In early April, anticipating that these market dynamics may create the potential for negative pricing, CME Group proactively informed our regulator, our clearing firms, and the marketplace that our trading and risk management systems were capable of handling negative prices in the WTI contract should market dynamics require it. Prepared for such an eventuality, we saw WTI trade negative on April 20th, driven by the same fundamentals I mentioned a moment ago: oversupply, reduced demand, and increasingly full U.S. storage. Our WTI contract reflected these challenging underlying dynamics on Monday as the cash and futures markets were converging going into Tuesdays final settlement of our WTI physically delivered contracts. I should also note that, while negative prices are rare, they are not entirely new in energy and power markets. We have seen multiple examples of negative pricing in energy and power markets in the U.S., Germany, and the UK. Id also like to briefly comment on the strength of WTI as a global benchmark. Today, WTI represents 56% of the global trade in crude oil futures, including more than 60% in April. WTI is the markets choice for managing crude oil exposure, and we believe that is because optimal commodity benchmarks are based on physically-delivered products. Physical delivery is the gold standard for these contracts because it ensures convergence with the underlying cash market. Commercial and end-user customers who participate in physical oil markets need the certainty that convergence provides so that they can optimally manage their underlying risks. WTI futures settle with actual transactions that result in physical delivery as opposed to other products which are disconnected from the physical and settled via assessments. We are pleased that WTI markets continue to reflect broad participation from all client segments around the world, and in every time zone. Year-to-date our overall crude and refined products volume during Asian trading hours is up 148% and Europe has increased by 48%. Importantly, we also continue to provide our clients with the leading crude oil options tools, which have grown 49% in the first quarter of this year and are particularly important to our clients in times of heightened volatility.  In summary, against this backdrop of extremely challenging market dynamics, our benchmark physically-delivered WTI crude oil contract continues to perform to help our clients hedge and transfer their risk in global oil markets. With that, Ill turn the call over to John.
John W. Pietrowicz: Thanks Derek. As Terry mentioned, the investment in our technology and the dedication of our employees served our clients well during this unprecedented time. During the first quarter, CME generated more than $1.5 billion in revenue, up approximately 29% from last year. Expenses were very carefully managed and on an adjusted basis were $459 million for the quarter and CME had an adjusted effective tax rate of 23.6%, which resulted in an adjusted diluted EPS of $2.33. Capital expenditures for the quarter were approximately $38 million. During the quarter, CME paid out $1.2 billion to our shareholders in the form of our annual variable dividend of $2.50 per share and our regular dividend of $0.85 per share, which is up 13% from a year ago. CMEs cash at the end of the quarter was approximately $1 billion. We continued to pay down our debt. We have approximately $100 million of outstanding commercial paper which we will pay down by the end of the year. This quarter we achieved our one times debt to EBITDA target. We continue to progress on the integration of our legacy BrokerTec and EBS trading systems. Our technology and operations teams continue to work towards a migration of the BrokerTec platform to Globex in the fourth quarter with EBS following in 2021. Our testing environment is up and BrokerTec clients are testing the system. We will be working closely with our customers during the next several months while we navigate the added complexity of remote working environments, but at this time, we continue to target the fourth quarter. At this point, we continue to expect our operating expense this year excluding license fees to be in the $1.64 billion to $1.65 billion range. In addition, our tax and CAPEX guidance remains unchanged. Please refer to the last page of our Executive Commentary for additional financial highlights and details.  In summary, we are very pleased with the performance of the company. Our employees adapted to the challenges of this environment and worked relentlessly on behalf of market participants. Our global employees, along with the investments we have made in our technology systems and processes, ensured the markets operated well and risk was effectively managed. In closing, I hope you and your families are healthy and safe during this difficult time. We would like to now open up the call for your questions. Please limit yourself to one question. John Peschier and I will be available today for any follow-ups you might have after the call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. 
Dan Fannon: Thanks, good morning. I guess Derek just a follow-up on your comments in WTI and the relevance of that. I guess could you talk about obviously the health of your customers and then really the utility of the product for both commercial and non-commercial users as we think about what's happened here in the last couple of weeks with regards to negative pricing. And obviously the headlines havent been good, we have seen ETS change kind of rolling forward some of the contracts, I guess just behaviorally can you talk about how your customers are acting and ultimately the utility of the products going forward if you could kind of walk through that again as to why you still view WTI as the most relevant benchmark within that asset class?
Terrence A. Duffy: Dan, its Terry Duffy. Before Derek goes in to answering that question, I want to touch on one thing that you referenced, because I think it's a little bit incorrect. The headlines haven't been good is I think what you've said. The headlines were not good on day one. I think that was a lot because there's a lot of people didn't understand exactly what happened. That narrative has changed dramatically, I'm sure you've seen. So I think that the narrative and the headline associated with what went on in negative pricing is completely different than it was a week ago Monday. So I just want to make sure that we're clear on that.
Derek Sammann: Hey Dan, it's Derek. Thanks for the question. It's certainly a topic. So we started by talking about the utility of WTI. I mean, it was kind of what WTI is. We firmly believe that the kind of the optimal benchmarks are based on physically delivered contracts. As I mentioned in my comments, physical deliveries that widely believed to be at least firmly believe the gold standard for a changed commodity contract since it ensures convergence with the cash market. So when you think about WTI and what it represents, it actually represents at expirations on April 21st of the physically settled WTI contracts under $10 in one set. That's the price at which over 2.4 million barrels were delivered at that price. So when customers are looking for a product that represents the actual underlying physical value of that asset, physically different contracts that convert to cash is that standard.  So I think it's worth talking about what is the difference between WTI with physically settled product that delivers you the actual price of the asset itself versus says Brent, for example. And it's worth noting that the Financial Times just ran an article this morning, came out about an hour ago that references the disconnect that Brent futures are seeing right now from the underlying conversions with the futures, with the underlying futures that are traded or actually the underlying physical cargoes that are being assessed in the North Sea right now. So that difference between the Ice Brent futures is a financially settled contract. It does not settle the physical delivery. What physical barrels are priced on is dated Brent, which is trading between $5 and $7 below Ice Brent right now.  So when we focus on utility the contract, to come back to your question Dan, contracts that connect the unarranged physical market and deliver that actual asset at that price is what our physical end user customers are looking to use our contract for, when you look at our business year-to-date on the client side, our fastest growing participants on the revenue side for our corporates and our buyside and bank participants. So you see broad based participation from end user customers, whether it's the buy and hold guys or whether it's the commercial customers those have been our fastest growing participants year-to-date in this contract.  And I would say that the last piece of your question relative to kind of what is this look like on a going forward basis, listen, the market has seen some unprecedented impacts of the global oil market right now. This is not just a U.S. story this is a global story. If you actually look at the floating storage that is being utilized, it's estimated at about 10% of all freights in global right now is being used for floating storage for oil coming out of the North Sea. So the oversupply story is not just the U.S. story. The steepness of the curve and the front end of WTI is simply reflective of the underlying fundamentals of supply demand storage globally, not just in the U.S. And that's what customers use our products for. They need to know that their underlying physical risk is the length of the contract and they can deliver at that price. So that's how we think about it, that's why our customers are using our products, and that's why just want to put some context relative to how WTI represents the actual underlying physical barrel and how WTI the Brent contract, the Bright futures contract doesn't converge to stop. That's actually priced at about a $6 or $7 premium, I believe right now the data Brent which is physical cargoes.
Dan Fannon: Thanks, Derek. Thanks for the color. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Herbert with Citi. 
Benjamin Herbert: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to -- hope you can give us some color on the APAC volume strength in the quarter, just the progression given some of the rolling economic shutdowns and then re-openings? And then also any detail you can provide similar on April to date? Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy: Thanks, Ben. I'll ask Ken Vroman and Julie Winkler to make comments so either Ken or Julie can go out and start.
Kendal Vroman: Sure. Thanks, Terry. To your point, we have seen very, very strong volumes in Asia through Q1. We saw that up 73% year-over-year, which was really good. And as we noted, in China and other places, this is despite economic shutdowns across various countries in Asia, we do see that they're probably leading the world in terms of coming back now. So while we've been able to -- as they come back online, we think that growth will continue. China as an example we saw that up just 7% year-over-year. Last year was a tough year given some of the trade wars that were going on that dampened volume. But we do see ADV growth there for the first time since Q4 of 2018. And when you take the China story in combination with Greater China, including Hong Kong and Taiwan, it becomes an even stronger growth story.  So we think temporarily these dislocations based on the pandemic had been worked through and we think that's a testament to the investments we've made in terms of education in the area of marketing, technology, and infrastructure and importantly our sales team and the work they've done there and seamlessly transitioned into a more digital outreach. And so we think while we've seen volumes, to answer the second part of your question, move back into a more normal range or a more consistent range with a run rate of 2019 in April, we feel good about the platform that positions us for growth.
Benjamin Herbert: Thanks Ken. 
Kendal Vroman: Thank you, Ben. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm: Hey, good morning everyone. I was hoping to switch gears to interest rates for a second. Obviously, a lot of debate about a zero interest rate environment and what that means for you guys. So just curious if you could provide any color on what you've been seeing from a client perspective already as a result of that and I guess the things that would highlight obviously volumes in April have been very soft, open interest was down in particular the Eurodollar futures and I think the open -- the large open interest holders that you often cite as a I guess indicator of growth I think is also down 13% from the peak, so just any more in depth color for things that we may not be seeing happening underneath the surface?
Terrence A. Duffy: Great question, Alex. I am going to ask Sean to comment but as you know, the volumes in April have been down pretty much across the global marketplaces, including our interest rate complex with Eurodollars. But there's a lot of things that we've been discussing and talking about and watching fundamentally that I think Sean can give you a little bit of color on that we find very interesting. Sean. Sean Tully are you there? Did we lose him. Sean. Did Sean Tully drop off. 
Operator: No sir, his line is still connected.
Terrence A. Duffy: Alright, so why don't we come back to that Alex your question in a second and go to the next one. I don't know what -- why Sean can't get through. 
Alex Kramm: Oh good, thank you. 
Terrence A. Duffy: We will be right back to you Alex on that question. I have in line John Pietrowicz, you heard Alex's question correct.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yeah, we heard it, we will -- Sean is working to get back on the line.
Terrence A. Duffy: Okay, so, I can give you -- I mean, John if you want to -- what we've all been discussing this. Sean is that you. 
John W. Pietrowicz: It is -- apparently Sean is on the line, but we can't hear him. So, I think Alex, we can come back when Sean gets on. And so we'll go to the next question and then we'll circle back to this one once Sean is able to speak.
Terrence A. Duffy: Yeah, but just on that point, Alex we've been talking a little bit about what is going on with the issuance of debt. Sean, referenced on the call with us just the other day, we're looking at $3.7 trillion of additional debt, of which we think we'll see a lot of coupon issuance associated with that against our treasury complex. So we do believe that that is very optimistic for that business. So, even though we are in a zero rate environment to your point on the short term of Eurodollars, we are still seeing a lot of activity in the back end of the Eurodollars, along with the options on Euros and across the treasury complex. And again, the more debt we're assuming are extreme with coupons, we do feel that people will be needing to manage that debt. So there's a lot of positives there. I'm not sure Sean is going to get back on but he'll give you elaborate more in a second. So why don't we go to the next question and we'll come back to Alex.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Terrence A. Duffy: Hi, Brian.
Brian Bedell: Well, this -- Sean might actually be part of this question too but it is okay to defer as well. And he can answer it when he gets back on. Or if you guys maybe you want to take a shot at it, it's just really still on the rates line [ph] but it's from a different perspective. It is -- the question is, to what extent has the user base changed substantially in April versus March, obviously a lot of participation by proprietary trading firms and hedge funds and the risk parity strategies with bases trades. And the question is that seems -- I would surmise that's dropped off a lot in April, so maybe if you can confirm that as part of the decline in April versus March in the rates franchise and what you think it will take for those firms to re-engage and begin trading again?
Terrence A. Duffy: So thank you, Brian. I'm not sure if Sean joined back yet. So if he didn't, Sean are you there.
Sean Tully: Yeah, Terry, I am back in, can you hear me this time. 
John W. Pietrowicz: Yes, we can hear you Sean. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Yes. Did you hear the question. 
Sean Tully: I apologize, I don't know what happened there. Now can you repeat the question, I apologize. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Yeah, sure -- I am sorry, go ahead Brian. 
Brian Bedell: Oh yeah, sure. I got it. Actually to Sean, yeah, thanks for joining back. So, it's about the user base in the interest rate franchise in April versus March. Obviously, after we get through a volatility period, we typically do see a lot of the proprietary trading firms and hedge funds pair down their risk books. Maybe if you can come on to what extent that has been the major driver of the volume decline in March to April and what do you think it will take for those firms to re-engage in the strategies again, how long do you think that might be?
Sean Tully: Yeah hi, thank you for the question. And apologies that I was cut off somehow earlier. In terms of our volumes, the short end of the yield curve, in particular the very front contracts, let's say the Fed funds contracts, for example, do become less interesting during a time of zero interest rate policy. And when we do not expect the Federal Reserve to change rates at the upcoming meeting. However, our deferred Eurodollar futures become extremely interesting relative to the shape of the curve and the timing of when the Fed might begin to choose to become active again. Most importantly you would have seen at the end of last week, the Congressional Budget Office did announce their estimated $3.7 trillion deficit for the federal government this year. This is obviously completely unprecedented in terms of its size. And if you think about 3.7 trillion deficit, that's 3.7 trillion worth of additional treasury bills, notes, and bonds that will need to be issued this year, that will need to be risk managed. If you look at 2019 for example, the net issuance was 984 billion. So this is obviously multiples of that. So we do expect to see increased activity in hedging across the treasury curve with respect to the increased issuance.  You also saw our business grow dramatically between 2012 and 2018. Much of that time of zero interest rate policy with the additional products that we added that allow people to much more accurately manage their risk across the entire curve. We've also seen huge innovation. We've obviously invested in innovation. We've invested in electronic markets. We've invested in client acquisition. Our silver future is doing 50,000 a day, our ultra bond future is doing 233,000 contracts a day, our ultra 10 is doing 293,000 contracts a day. Invoice spread is doing 148,000 contacts a day. So I do expect as you go further out the curve, there will be increased uncertainty. I do expect with the increased Treasury issuance that that will also create a much greater demand for risk management and I think our innovative products serve our clients well in this environment.
Brian Bedell: And just on the user base, the mix change between March, obviously, there's a lot of proprietary strategies engaged in March, how are you seeing those players in April, it looks like it probably dropped off to a substantial extent, do you think those players come back soon or I guess confirm that or if you can confirm that, is that the large part of the drop off from March to April?
Sean Tully: There's no question that you tend to see some reduction by leverage funds in particular and CPAs, when you have a very large increase in marginal requirements. We have invested as well in addition to the things I mentioned earlier in great margin and capital efficiencies over the years that helped clients out. The thing I would mention is in March, we reached a new all time portfolio margining efficiency delivered to clients when margins increased. So 7 billion in margin savings in the month of March with portfolio margin. We do expect the customers to come back in and to have to manage the increasing issuance by the U.S. Treasury as the year progresses. It may, as you know, the Treasury will be issuing for the first time in many years a 20 year bond issue. We will be -- that will be traded on the BrokerTec platform and it will be deliverable into our bond futures. So we do expect to see the same activity we've always seen with the increased Treasury issuance.
Terrence A. Duffy: Hey, Brian, let me just add to that story that I think we've heard for years now with the rates going down to where they're at, where are the participants going to come from. We saw them all show back up in March to your earlier point, and then they dissipate a little bit in April. We, like any other business, cannot measure the full year by a couple of weeks of trading. So the good news is everybody is actively watching our markets. That doesn't mean they can actually participate every single day. But I would not get too hung up on a few weeks of trading. I think we have to measure this over the longer period, just like we've seen over the last several years. And then we saw the record business that we saw that we put in the first quarter. [Multiple Speakers]
John W. Pietrowicz: To that point, I mean, I think when you take a look at the last 10 years, April tends to be in the bottom couple of months in our -- in terms of monthly volume. In fact, when you look at last year, we did about 15.7 million contracts a day in rates accounted for more than 50% of that activity. In April rates are accounted for about 38% of the activity. So, the fact that we've seen some decline is not unusual. In April, there's no rule. Easter tends to be in the month of April so there's Good Friday and Easter Monday. And also, this tends to be a period of time when there's spring breaks and the like. So, a bit different environment this year but, a slower April is not uncommon.
Brian Bedell: Yeah. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Again, I don't want to belabor this, Brian but at the same time and we're all not in the same room, so I don't want to start contradicting everybody and I won't because everything we said is true. But we do have to measure this over a long period. And there is a different fundamentals in today's market than there was a year ago, as we all know. There's different fundamentals in today's market than it was six weeks ago and I think Sean clearly pointed out what is happening from a fundamental side. And now we will have to see how that transitions into how people want to manage that risk and the value of it needs to be managed. And we definitely saw that happen in March.
Brian Bedell: Thanks for all the great color. Appreciate it. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Appreciate it, Brian. Thank you for your comments, appreciate it. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Allen with Compass Point.
Christopher Allen: Good morning, guys. Just want to circle back on crude, understand the differences between WTI and Brent, the physical sediment dynamics. So maybe you can give us some color on the WTI customer base, maybe roughly size, how it breaks down between commercial speculators, market makers. What I'm trying to think through is if we do hit full capacity from a storage perspective, well it will start to shut in, how does it impact the commercial base moving forward and how does that filtered through down to the speculative base as well, any color there would be helpful?
Terrence A. Duffy: Okay, thank you very much, Chris. And to what we can deliver, Derek why dont you go ahead and respond to Chris's question.
Derek Sammann: Yes, so thanks, Chris. Good question. Yeah, it is good question. I think that Chris you'd asked us before kind of what that spread is, I can't give you a percent, I can't give you names, but what I can tell you is when you look at the growth in the participation of our energy market overall and certainly proved is a strong reflection of that, it is a big part of our overall franchise. As I mentioned before, the fastest growing participants in our energy franchise this year is buyside corporates and banks. Those are the two fastest growing participants. So if you asked about who's participating more broadly, who's extending the utilization, it's exactly those customers that we focus on for that end user connection to our core product. We haven't seen that change in the last couple of weeks and we don't anticipate that changing.  As I mentioned, the reason and utility of a WTI contract being physically delivered is that it converges directly to those underlying barrels. I think the question that you're posing is, if this contango continues, this stays steep the way it is, what is the impact on the global oil market? Well, as I mentioned before, this is not an issue that's only impacting WTI right now. You're seeing the dated Brent traded at a significant discount to Ice Brent futures right now for exactly the same reasons. So I think it's about a 5 -- between a $5 and $7 disconnect right now. So global oversupply and a lack of demand and the storage issues globally is impacting the overall oil market.  So it's not a function of customers saying, hey, WTI is no longer my physical risk because the reason people use WTI is once the export ban was lifted in 2015, it became the underlying physical assets they were exposed to if they were up in Asia actually importing those products. The reason I mentioned at the top of the call my comments on the broadening and accelerated use of participation in our markets in energy, crude and refined from Europe and Asia is explicitly because it's reflective of the globalization that Terry alluded to and Ken spoke to at the top of the call is significant growth we've seen and end user participants in our energy market. So triple digit growth out of Asia, 50% to 48% growth in Europe is indicative of the way in which WTI has become a global benchmark and that is the physical risk that people are facing.  To your point about storage, I can't control for that. The market can't control for that. Nobody loves the fact that oil is priced as low as it is right now. Dated Brent is trading this morning at I think I said about $5 to $7 discount to Ice Brent, and it's reflecting exactly what our physical market is reflecting. So dated Brent and WTI reflect the physical, Ice Brent futures don't have the physical component to it. So it's actually pricing. It doesn't reflect the underlying price of the barrel of oil in the North Sea right now. So you want to be a little bit careful when you look at the Ice Brent rate right now because it does not reflect where you can sell a barrel.
Christopher Allen: Thanks Derek. 
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Mike Carrier with Bank of America.
Michael Carrier: Good morning, thanks for taking the question. Just given the high level of volatility during the quarter in energy and elsewhere, how has the Clearing House operated, how FCMs held up, and any significant changes made during the quarter, given some of the big moves that we are seeing?
Terrence A. Duffy: Thanks, Mike it's Terry Duffy. The Clearing House has done as usual an exceptional job managing this risk. I spend most of my time, especially over the last six to eight weeks tethered to Sunil Cutinho, the President of our Clearing House and his team as we continue to go through these unprecedented times. And it's not just me, as many members of our management team that are working with Sunil and others to make sure that we're doing everything to be able to manage this risk. I think in my opening remarks you heard me reference about margins. This is a very big component of how we operate CME to make sure that we have products margin properly so we're not putting this system at risk.  Today we're holding record amounts of margin on deposits because of the way we're concerned with the volatility and with the unprecedented times that we live in. So I have nothing but kudos for the entire Clearing House, its staff. They've done a remarkable job. The systems and the operations that my COO Julie Holzrichter has put into place along with Sunil and Kevin Kometer is second to none. So we're very proud of this. We're still working towards our spend to margin methodology, which we're still excited about, which will be a more advanced on margining going forward. But we'll keep our original system as well. So on all I will tell you, and I dont know if Sunil's call our not but the Clearing House is operated at the highest level. And in that 40 years that I've been in the business and the 18.5 years that I've been CEO and now Chairman -- Chairman and now CEO.
Michael Carrier: Okay, thanks a lot.
Terrence A. Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.
Rich Repetto: Hey, good morning. And first, I hope all the CME team and their families are all healthy and safe. And, excuse me, congrats on a phenomenal quarter. I got to turn back, the WTI question into Derek again. It sounds like you've made the case for physical delivery. So it sounds like there's no option to go, an option to cash in physical deliver to move the contract like that. So then it comes back to the storage issue. And I know you said the spread was around $7 or $8 but if you look back over the last year, the spreads really been around $5 to $6. And that day that it did price negatively, the spread was negative $50 to $60. So I guess the question is, and if you talk to industry participants they are also well aware of the storage issues in question and it's on your improve the storage in the past five years, but what can you do to improve the storage going for capacity to improve the storage so that it doesn't get that wide again?
Terrence A. Duffy: Hey, Richard, thanks. Go ahead, Derek. 
Derek Sammann: Okay, so listen, it's a good question. There's three overall drivers of change, I think you guys have written about this, and people understand this. You've got this massive oversupply with Saudi and Russia piloting, you get this massive destruction on the demand side. And I reference 100 million barrels a day, consumption reduced down to 70. The stat that was on the news last night, widely reported air traffic was down 95%. You know, miles driven in states that are shut in either Europe or U.S. or is down 75%. So there's just -- there's no demand although there is some storage issues. So I want to be careful how far I opine on this physical infrastructure on stores but what I can tell you this, that there has been a significant expansion of use of floating storage both in Europe and in the U.S. and in Asia. I think I might have mentioned earlier in our conversation that, alternative forms of storage is plenty of storage, VLCCs or ULCCs which are the carriers that carry oil, are being increasingly filled up in just sort of this floating storage and docked out in various places in Europe and U.S. right now.  There are other pieces going on right now is that as refiners have reduced their runs, the crude can't stop as quickly as refiners can run their run. So we have been speaking to multiple folks in our world asking us those questions, how can I get involved in the physical delivery process? And they're seeking to find alternative forms of opportunity. With the steepness of the curve right now, Rich and I said this is true in dated Brent as well as WTI. This is a global phenomenon. So this isn't a function of switching from one product to another product. This is underlined fundamental supply and demand overlaid with the storage issues. So I think we're starting to see floating stores take up some of that excess. We are seeing folks determining where and how they can convert some of those utilities to address the storage.  But again, that's not what we can control for. What we can control for is how effectively our promise converge on the day of expiration and how our markets reflect the underlying fundamentals and the use of our markets by those end user customers who in our engagement, particularly the commercial customers, recognize the contract did what it needed to do, which was converge on the day of expiration. As I said, a little over 2.4 million barrels of crude got delivered in on the basis of that delivery settlement price on April 21st of $10.01.  And the last thing I'd say is, with the unprecedented impact of COVID-19 across a range of physical markets, we are seeing historically high levels of basis differential between cash and futures. We've seen it in the gold market with EFP prices moving out as there are concerns about moving gold globally. We're seeing it in some of the cattle market products about where and how delivery can get done and how those markets are converging. I will tell you, every one of our physical delivered products have converged because they operate effectively to serve the end user needs of those participants.
Rich Repetto: Thanks Derek. Do you expect Brent, that Seabourne delivered, do you expect that to trade negatively as well?
Derek Sammann: You know, I can't tell if somehow -- how steep that curve goes right now. As I said, there's an FTE piece that came up literally just before we all jumped on this call, explicitly calling out the very steepest on the front end of the dated Brent or right now the disconnect. I think it was as high as $8 last week. So if we continue to see demand as low as it is, not return but here's the beauty of the market, Rich if you look at the forward curve and if you look at the forward curve right now, it's all about the steepness of the contango, the very front month contract is trading significantly below the second month. That's trading a little bit below third month [ph]. The market is telling us with the price of the forward curve, that probably six, nine months out that forward curve roughly flattens out. We're just seeing the steepness of the front end.  So I think the FTE has made some really good points this morning and points that we've been looking at more as the physical Brent whereas dated Brent, not where Ice future is. You can't sell a molecule based on the Ice futures price. The molecules get sold on dated Brent that's the physical of delivered products. And that's what FTE is pointing out, is that is a growing disconnect and it's following the same fundamental drivers that WTI is right now. It is a storage issue, it is a spend issue, and it is a demand issue and supply issue. So the good news is that there's lots of different opinions, how quickly demand is going to return. And that's where the volatility in our market, that's why we're still doing 3.5 million contracts even in April in this environment to help customers navigate this. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Thanks, Derek. And just to reconfirm Rich we don't need the FTE to validate the fundamentals that we've been seeing in the marketplace for numerous years and everything that Derek and his team are working on a daily basis. So, Derek thank you for your answer. Rich, thanks for your question. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Campbell from Barclays. 
Jeremy Campbell: Hey, thanks and thanks for all the great color on the market so far. Some of that's been pretty well traveled. I just want to ask a little bit about your cross-selling efforts that might help blunt some of the natural volume headwinds you might see in some products. I think you mentioned doing 290 cross meetings in the first quarter versus 400 for the full year last year. Can you just help us think about one, what the length of this cross-selling cycle might look like and then two, what the client engagement and feedback looks like, either from optimization clients maybe looking to use futures to lower capital charges or typical futures cash OTC traders looking to dip their toes in the waters of other product structures? 
Terrence A. Duffy: Thanks, Jeremy. I'm going to turn to Julie Winkler and let her respond to that question, and if Ken wants to add a little something to optimization, but I really think this is more towards Julie's area. Julie.
Julie Winkler: Sure. Thank you for the question. So, this has definitely been a challenging environment, but the client engagements that we've been able to drive and the cross-sell statistics that you mentioned are definitely accurate. So year-to-date through the end of April, we've seen our sales activity up about 150% versus the same period in 2019. So the outreach has continued, even though we've been in this virtual environment. So contacting clients via calls, e-mails, and videoconferences you would expect. And what we saw with the 290 cross introductions, the biggest month we had was in February where we had 135. More specifically, that was driven by an uptick within the buyside in our commercial client segment in the U.S. And this number, compared to an all of 2019, we did 400 cross introduction meetings.  The largest percentage as we previously reported as well of those cross introductions continued to be focused on really new clients in our futures and options, both interest rate and FX franchises. But we are seeing successes, as you've mentioned, across new introductions into our optimization services. So if you can think about the environment that we're in, where clients do have increased need to manage their risk, they are looking at new things like try resolve to manage their margin exposure to one another as well as data. You know, we haven't talked about data yet today, but in a period of unprecedented volatility, clients need data to be able to put this data within their trading models to forecast that for future trading events. And so those cross introductions, I would say, have uptick more within the last quarter than even what we saw last year. But it's something that we're continuing to monitor. And client engagement has been -- and feedback's been really strong. We invested a lot in our global sales team over the last few years. And having that regionally based with sales leader and personnel on the ground means that we have that trust with our customers and the need for face to face meetings is less important when we build those relationships. So that part has been great.  And we're also taking advantage of this work from home environment to continue to do a lot of education with our sales team and make sure that they're really prepared for those cross introductions. So with that, I will turn it over to Ken to add anything from an optimization perspective. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Ken, real briefly on optimization. 
Kendal Vroman: Yeah, very briefly, I think, Julie's team's efforts are really kind of the lifeblood that's driving the optimization business. The one observation I would say is that we learned a lot in the first quarter about the importance of these businesses, and they performed well. Because CME was so quickly able to move to a work from home environment we were we were very well prepared to help our customers during this time, and our services performed very well. And having acquired NEX 18 months ago and working through the integration, I think we can sit here and say, coming out of the Q1 that these services are in high demand from our customers and they're even better positioned based on their performance during this difficult time coming out of the first quarter.
Jeremy Campbell: Thanks again. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Jeremy, thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Oh hey, hello again.
Alex Kramm: Yeah, thank you. I think Sean actually answered my original question so I don't think there's much more to add, but since I am back here just a quick follow up on, I guess, Terry's comments -- on your comments on the Eurodollar franchise, on the floor trading rather. You made it almost seem like closing the floor hasn't had an impact because the percentage between futures and options has remained stable. And I guess I would challenge it to some degree and say well, just because the percentage is unchanged doesn't mean the pie hasn't shrunk, right. So maybe Sean or somebody else can flesh out a little bit what you've seen actually in terms of trading strategies, how people have behaved, etc? And then related to that, considering that the -- I think the trading on the floor is much lower economics than trading electronically. Wondering to what degree you're already exploring, like hey, it says has markets shifted enough where maybe we don't really need the floor as much anymore as we needed and it could be a substantial cost savings, maybe in the future if we never reopen again. So maybe any sort of color on the cost of the floor would be helpful as well? Thank you. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Okay, so thanks, Alex. And I'm going to let Sean take the first part as it relates to potential different strategies associated with floor versus screen if there is any doing -- if there are any difference that he's saying, I gave you percentages of apples to apples. Your point about the pie could be valid. I'm not saying it's not. And then I will comment more about where we're at as far as our objectives as it relates to the trading floor. So let me go first to Sean to talk about that. 
Sean Tully: Terry, thank you very much. Terry mentioned in his prepared remarks, if you look at and as Alex you referred to, so thank you, Alex for the question. Our options as a percentage of our interest rate futures since the closure of the floor are running at 39%. If you look at 2019 as the base case, our interest rate options traded at an average daily volume of 36% of the relevant future. So from that perspective, it looks like it's been a very healthy transition to the floor. In addition to that, you'll know well, for many years now we have made very significant investments in electronification of our markets and in particular we have instruments called user defined spreads. So there are many predefined spreads that users can ask on a request for, quote, for prices. And then in addition to that, they are almost an unlimited number of user defined spreads that users can request quotes on from our market makers up to 30 lacs. So we have seen very robust activity on the box since the closure of the four and we've seen -- I'd say all of the different types of strategy that we ever saw on the floor continue to trade on the box. We've seen as I said, actually a growth in the percentage of options versus futures. I'd also mention some of the innovations that we had launched and we're continuing to work on have gotten greater traction. I'll give you an example. We have a function called a committed cross where a broker is able to put in both sides of the trade. And if they better the market, they get a portion of the trade guaranteed to them.  Why is that important? We were trying to electronically replicate the experience on the floor for both the end customers, the market makers, as well as the brokers. And I'm very pleased to say that while committed cross was trading just 10,000 or so a day in January, we're trading 74,000 a day since the closure of the floor. So our innovations are working, our investments in electronic markets are working, participants can trade any strategy today as easily as they could prior to the closure of floor, and in fact, our options volumes relative to futures have increased relative to last year since the closure of the floor. I hope that helps. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Let me just add a few things, Alex and Sean, thank you for that response. The trading floor, the costs associated with it are roughly around 20 million annually, I believe is what the number is. But John Pietrowicz or John Peschier you can correct me, as it relates to the floor products, as you know back in 2000 we had thresholds associated with them about the viability of their existence. And, the futures did not meet those thresholds. Subsequently we closed them several years after they did not meet the thresholds. We didn't do it right away. It was actually many years. The options on futures, none of the products meet the threshold today except for one, to my knowledge and that is Eurodollar options. So, we are going to continue making sure we maintain our thresholds and our guidelines that we have agreed to many, many years ago. But most importantly, Alex, the -- as it relates to the trading floor, we will not do anything irrational either way until we know exactly where the health officials and government officials are going to come down as it relates to multiple people getting together in a single location.  As you know, trading floors or trading environments, are very closed environments and very difficult to with this virus to continue and to keep everybody safe. I have 54 employees that have to be down there to staff those and then we have hundreds of traders and clerks that are down there and we have an obligation to do the right thing and not overreact either way. So we'll make those decisions with government officials and health officials as time goes on. But I just want to point out that the cost is not extraordinary and the threshold levels have not been met in futures, subsequent close the threshold amount in futures has not been met but still open except for one product Eurodollars. Does that help you? 
Alex Kramm: Awesome, thank you very much. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Thanks, bye. Appreciate it. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christian Bolu with Autonomous. 
Christian Bolu: Thank you, guys. Good morning. Maybe a follow-up for Sean. I'm sorry if I already missed this, but why exactly do you think Treasury issuance will have any impact on volumes at a zero rate QE world, I guess Treasury debts tripled from 2007 to 2014 but CME volumes did not grow over that period so curious what's different this time? And then just a second part question -- part of the question or just the second question basically only for John, really more of a clean-up question, on the balance sheet I see performance bonds triple to a 100 billion. Just remind us the dynamics here on that line item, kind of what drove the spike, is that sustainable, and more importantly, how do we think about any P&L impacts? Thanks.  [Multiple Speaker]
Terrence A. Duffy: Yeah, go ahead.
John W. Pietrowicz: Thanks. So I would say that our marketplace today is completely different than it was probably 2010. As I said earlier, we spent an enormous amount of money, effort on product innovation that has, for example made our tertiary complex much more attractive. We added our ultra bond futures in 2010 that this year have done 233,000 contracts today. We added our ultra 10 year futures just couple of years ago, which are doing 293,000 contracts today. These allowed participants to much more accurately hedge their cash treasuries with the underlying futures products. In addition to that, we also have made significant adjustments to our product.  So, as you know, over a year ago we adjusted our two year notes, futures, minimum pricing increments, reducing them by half. I'm very glad to say that we believe that around 200,000 contracts a day of our two year note futures today are attributable to the decline in that pricing. When you reduce that minimum pricing current, you reduce the cost to trade by reducing the bid offer spread. In addition to significantly reducing the execution costs to trade by things like changing minimum price increments we've massively improved the capital margin and total cost efficiencies through things like portfolio margining against the freight swaps. Again, didn't exist during that time period that you were talking about.  In terms of interest rate swaps I mentioned earlier actually we had an all time revenue record in Q1 in interest rate swaps and in March in particular, as I did mention earlier, we saw an all time record portfolio margining benefit to our customers of 7 billion. So we see very significant differences in terms of our products, in terms of our offerings. In addition to that, we could talk for a long time about our investment in sales force. So if you look -- going back to the period of time you're referring to the bulk of our sales force sat in United States and the bulk of that sales force set in Chicago. Today, most of our sales force is outside of the United States and so we have much more deeply penetrated the global market.  Last, if you go back to 2012, another key difference and something you've heard me talk about on earnings calls before is because of these efficiencies, because of our improvements in sales, because we have invested so much in electronic markets our penetration of the cash treasury bond market has gone up dramatically. So if you look back in 2012, our treasury futures traded 55% of the average daily volume of the cash treasury bond market. Today, we are trading more than 121% of that underlying cash treasury bond market, so the Treasury futures. So I think for all of those reasons, we're in a completely different place today than we were, I hope that helps.
Christian Bolu: Thanks, John. 
Terrence A. Duffy: I'm sorry, Christian, go ahead. 
Christian Bolu: I was going to say John, please on the balance sheet. And thank you, Sean. 
John W. Pietrowicz: So, thanks Christian. So in terms of the balance sheet, what you see in terms of the performance bonds that's the positions that the customers put up in support of their trading activity. And we did see an increase on our balance sheet in terms of performance bonds, which primarily represents cash put up at the Clearing House, increase from about 37 billion in the fourth quarter of 2019 to $100 billion in the first quarter of this year. So pretty market increase and that's really due to the activity at the Clearing House and the volatility. So higher the volatility and more activity, you'll see an increase in the amount of performance bonds put out. Now how that flows through the -- into the income statement is we earn money on cash put up at the Clearing House by our customers. And generally speaking, we have a spread between what the IOER is, the interest on excess reserves and we share that with our customers. Generally, it's about 80% gets rebated back to the customers about 20% we keep in support of managing the collateral. We also earn based upon the non-cash collateral as well and that flows through our revenue line.  But to give you an idea, in last quarter average balances in terms of cash that we earn on increase from about $28.1 billion to $40 billion dollars so a $12 billion increase on the average balance. And we earned 29 basis points in the fourth quarter and 19 basis points in the first quarter. Now, just to point out, the average cash balances through the month of April is about $89 billion in the month of April. So about more than double what we had on average for the first quarter. Now, the IOER did come down to 10 basis points and again, we will keep a spread of approximately 80:20, 80% to our customers, about 20% to us. And so the customers earning eight basis points and we're earning two basis points. 
Christian Bolu: Great, thank you very much. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Thanks John, thanks Christian. Okay. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Terrence A. Duffy: Hey Owen.
Owen Lau: Yeah, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Continuing on the balance sheet and capital management, so you had $1 billion in cash and you reached your one times leverage target at the end of the first quarter. But given the COVID uncertainty, would you raise more debt in order to have more cash or you're confident about your cash position and can pay down some debt? And I think, more importantly, how should investors think about your variable dividend policy this year? Thank you. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Thanks Owen. John, you can go ahead and address that and I might chime in as well. 
John W. Pietrowicz: Yes, sure, thanks. Thanks Owen. In terms of our capital structure, we're very comfortable with our capital structure. We like I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've achieved our one times debt to EBITDA target. We have about $100 million in commercial paper that we will be paying down in relatively short order. So with that, that's the remaining amount of debt that's pre-payable. So we feel very comfortable with our capital structure. We had as you saw this quarter, we've got very strong leverage in our business model and we have a very high investment grade rating, which we think is important for the firm, so very comfortable in terms of our capital structure.  In terms of our ability to pay down debt like I mentioned, we got $100 million in pre-payable debt, which will pay down in short order. And I think in terms of our annual variable dividend, the dividend is obviously a function of our Board and that's a Board decision. We have been very focused on ensuring that we've got an appropriate capital return policy and we've been utilizing our annual variable dividend and our regular dividend as a means to return cash back to our shareholders. Our regular dividend we increased 13% to $0.85 a share. And we have a what we think is a really good and prudent dividend policy. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Thanks, John. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Hey Alex.
Alexander Blostein: Hey guys, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So another one for Derek around the energy market dynamics. And the question is really not so much about the merits of physical delivery versus cash hellmen or brand WTI [ph]. I'm more curious about the outlook of U.S. oil production. And given the fact that that's likely to decline over the coming year to bring the markets back into balance, obviously the demand side of the equation is kind of difficult to predict right now. How do you see this decline in oil production impacting utilization of WTI? And in terms of exposure, Doc I think you talked about in terms of growth by different customer categories. But any way you can give us a sense of just kind of run rate exposures in terms of total revenues or total volumes of WTI by kind of the buckets that you've described and not one of the prior questions? Thanks.
Terrence A. Duffy: Alex, thank you, and Derek obviously, we can't predict future volumes but Derek, why dont you go out and address Alex's question. 
Derek Sammann: Yeah, so it's tough because the predicate is where the market's going to go. What I can do Alex is point you, as we all look at, as I mentioned earlier, look at the forward curve. And if you look at the forward curve and look at where the market is expecting some amount of demand to return, I think that the real risk here, frankly is and this is why the refiners have been quicker to reduce rather than take a less crude into refining because they can respond more quickly to shifts in demand. The concern is it takes longer to shut an oil well down. The concern now is not that there won't be terminal demand for the next year, the question now is, as states are beginning to open and they just start to see air miles start to fly and miles driven start to increase as they go back to work, the issue now is wells are reluctant to close because it takes them a while to restart. There is a very real chance that if and this is the math which -- that producers are doing right now should we shut down and how long does that take me out to reduce my excess stocks and then by the time you see demand starting to slowly ramp and then accelerate as markets open up again and demand returns they don't want to be behind.  There's a real risk right now that actually if too many folks shut down their production now you've got the uncertainty of, well, when demand returns I will be behind the curve and are we going to see some rubberbanding back effect of oversupply now, people overly shutdown then demand returns but then the producers can't return that quickly enough. So the interesting dynamic is the people express different opinions as to how quickly demand is going to return. I can't control for that. What we are watching is the forward curve and we are watching there's a reluctance for producers to shut down because it takes them offline for too long so if you do see a rapid return of demand they're going to be behind. And so we need to just look at the COVID uncertainty on top of the election uncertainty that's keeping people in the market. We are not seeing people shutter positions close down and sit and wait for demand to return because everybody knows by the time you see it it's too late.  So I can't give you a precise answer but look at the forward curve, look at the continued participation in our market. Our WTI futures open interest has been between 2.2 million and 2.4 million contracts in the last six months, that has continued to be more of us in play. We have seen as I mentioned before that outsized participation from the commercials. We're not seeing them step away. So I think everyone's looking at the return of demand, I can't control for that but the market's telling you it's probably three months out, four months out. And in the meantime the storage issue is kind of a red herring because I don't want to leave people with the impression that the structural constraints there there's only so much tank space in Cushing and oil can't go anywhere.  There's over 3 million barrels a day that transition through Cushing as a distribution hub. It goes on a rail cars, it goes to the trucks and moves elsewhere. So quite frankly the contango in the market right now is an opportunity for folks and we think the market's going to be responding to that and finding smart ways to take that oil, transport it, and that's one of the differences that you're seeing. That's not just physical storage at Cushing, it's a transit hub and so folks are figuring out where can I take that and move that and there is a cost to doing that turning to the locations. So it's a healthier RPC business. We're still at about $1.12 or $1.13 on and there about and we're continuing to see the commercials participate. We don't see them coming back because the uncertainty of the near term demand return. 
Alexander Blostein: Thanks Derek. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Terrence A. Duffy: Hey, Chris.
Christopher Harris: Hey guys. How should we be thinking about the potential risks to market data and connectivity revenues as a result of the recession, it really doesn't seem like there has been any impact so far but not sure how to be really thinking about the outlook for the duration of 2020 and beyond?
Terrence A. Duffy: So I'm going to let Julie Winkler comment about the market data business a little bit and John Pietrowicz if you want to comment on the revenue side as well. I will give you this observation from where I'm sitting right now everything you've heard and everything you've heard over the last six weeks from multiple companies is we're in uncharted waters, difficult times, different times, no one seen it before. And I believe and I think the team believes that the opportunity for market data is going to be critically important in order for risk management whether it's derived or historical. So we can't predict what it's going to be but I think more and more people after seeing what's going on here over the last several weeks are going to be looking for more and more data in order to help run their businesses. So if that gives you any indication and what Julie Winkler and her team are doing right now is pretty exceptional. So Julie I will let you comment and then if anybody else wants to make a remark John go ahead. Julie. 
Julie Winkler: Sure, thanks Terry, thanks for the question. Yeah, the data business certainly performed well in Q1 with our consolidated revenue of 132 million. So we were up slightly over the first quarter of 2019. We really have not seen much decline in our professional subscriber displays device count so far. So certainly from the impact of COVID-19 going forward what the team's been doing is certainly close consultation with our key data vendors and also our clients to gather input. I'd say many of our customers were very well prepared for this work from home and the scenario that we're in. They transitioned their traders and their support teams with minimal disruption and they wanted to recreate as much as possible the experience those people have in active data and that work from home and DR kicks in environment.  So for some customers the transition was more disruptive. The good news there as Terry pointed out earlier there really was no disruption right in terms of the market data technology or distribution. And so we've seen some of our vendors tell us there might be some decreased demand for data screens in this going forward while others are actually seeing an increased need from their customers for our data. So we are going to definitely remain close to them. I think the two things that we're looking at in particular are the historical data that I talked about earlier where the last two months we saw 50% increase in sales as customers are shopping for data. As Terry pointed out the web traffic on those pages are up over 300%. Clients need to have access to that data to be able to continue to refine their trading strategies and manage risk going forward.  And additionally in our non display device business customers are increasingly seeking flexibility of how to use CME data in algorithms and machine learning capabilities and other automated solutions. So that's a trend seen across the industry that we think will certainly continue through this. And we're continuing to get as close to our customers as possible and also I believe bringing that team within our client development and research organization that we've talked about today is definitely going to be more client focused and continue to understand what their needs are so we can deliver new products, acquire new clients, and continue to work very closely with our channel distribution partners. So John, anything you want to add [Multiple Speakers]
John W. Pietrowicz: No, I mean, I think we saw solid first quarter compared to the fourth quarter and Julie get to alter all the points. So I believe we have about [indiscernible] so thanks. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Thanks guys. So I believe we have about three or four more questions and I'd like to get through all of them so I don't want to cut anybody out so why don't we continue.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good morning. John [Question Inaudible].
Terrence A. Duffy: Kyle I didn't hear your question but -- John did you get the question.
John W. Pietrowicz: No, no. I am not sure. 
Operator: I do apologize. Our next question comes from Ken Hill with Rosenblatt.
Terrence A. Duffy: Hey Ken.
Kenneth Hill: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the extended questions here. I just wanted to ask on expenses, you had some nice control here in the first quarter so I just wanted to -- wonder how to think about that for 2Q, maybe any potential COVID-19 impacts that might flow through into 2Q, whether there will be kind of travel lockdowns, or are you thinking about the expense base here over the near term and then as the year progresses would be helpful? Thanks. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Thanks Ken. I will hand it over to John and he can address that. John. 
John W. Pietrowicz: Yeah, thanks Terry. I think the entire organization really has done a fantastic job in terms of managing our expenses in this really unprecedented time and unprecedented amount of activity at the exchange. In terms of expense impacts related to the pandemic certainly we're seeing less employee attrition and less hiring going on during this period of time. And when you look at the level of travel it's down substantially as you would expect. In fact in the first quarter it was half of what we spent in the fourth quarter of 2019 and I would imagine in this quarter it will be near zero. Also our marketing and advertising spend is pushed out into -- later on into the year and also we really moved to as Julie had and Ken had pointed out previously, we really moved to more video conferencing and webinars versus event. So we have seen some impacts related to the crisis. I am very proud of the entire organization and how they've been able to manage through it and also manage expenses.  In terms of our guidance we certainly are very comfortable that we're not going to exceed our guidance range and it's a little too early really to predict how we're going to come out. It really relates to a lot of how the stay at home orders get taken away, how businesses respond to and as Terry has mentioned previously these are really unprecedented times. So we felt that it's a little too early to make any adjustments to our guidance. But we are -- as we have -- as the entire organization has obliged several years we've been managing our expenses well. 
Terrence A. Duffy: And just to add to what John said Ken, I think it's a pretty safe bet that we will be very conservative with our people as they get back into their normal routines whenever that may or may not be to limit that to some degree. I'm not just going to turn the valve and say everybody go back to what you were doing before because as we clearly highlighted on this call and then have been over the last several weeks we've been able to function at a very high level and I'm very proud of my team for doing this all throughout the world from home. So we will be very cautious to continue on with business as usual from a travel perspective and if there are things that would incur cost.
Kenneth Hill: Great, thanks very much for the detail. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Thanks Ken, appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with J.P. Morgan. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Hi Ken. 
Kenneth Worthington: Hi, thank you for squeezing me in. In terms of your response to Christian's question earlier on the record or near record margin levels, where are those levels now that we are sort of closing in on the end of April and volatility is diminished? And given the decline in interest rates, what are the net yields that you're earning on the customer cash side versus the yield you might have earned earlier in the year? 
Terrence A. Duffy: I think John Pietrowicz answered your latter question a moment ago but maybe I'm mistaken. John I think you already answered that one but you can say it again. As far as the amounts that we on deposit, I will yield to John Pietrowicz on that exact number if you want to give it a minute because it does fluctuate depending on what the margin models are calling for up or down. As I said earlier we have raised margins across the Board on most asset classes to be prudent on risk management. So that is obviously a big part of it. And let me turn it over to John for any other comment on that.
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure, thanks Terry. As I mentioned previously we are averaging in terms of cash that's put up the Clearing House in terms of what's available for investments on behalf of our clients, it was 88.7 billion through the month of April. In terms of noncash collateral on average and this is the amount that is subject to that we can -- that's managed on behalf -- non-cash collateral that's managed on behalf of or that's put up at the Clearing House, about $136 billion. Both are up substantially from the first quarter. First quarter average cash was about 40 billion and about 114.5 billion that is related to -- that's put up that's -- that we earned some collateral management fees for. At the end of March our total collateral was 255.4 billion being relatively stable through the end of April and approximately $240 billion to $250 billion range. So both -- as Terry indicated this is really related to prudent risk management. In turns I've already mentioned in terms of the amount of sharing that we do with our customers because we invest on their behalf, they get about 80% -- the customers get about 80% of what we earn and we keep about 20% of what we earn and right now the IOER is at 10 basis points.
Kenneth Worthington: Okay, thank you. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Thanks John, thanks Ken. 
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Terrence A. Duffy: Welcome back Kyle. 
Kyle Voigt: I am sorry about that and I'm sorry -- last couple but it was just on expenses. I know there's a -- I think there's a 1.54 billion annual expense run rate you get in the first quarter kind of annualized that and guidance was 1.64 to 1.65, just wondering if John, if you could help us bridge the gap there in terms of what's going to drive the incremental spend year-over-year and if the expense lacks the roll out guidance range if the options for Demian and your CRO expenses and other expenses remain low due to COVID-19?
Terrence A. Duffy: Thanks Kyle, John?
John W. Pietrowicz: Yeah, thanks Kyle. Yeah, we certainly -- like I mentioned very proud of the entire organization in terms of how they have been managing expenses especially in light of the crisis and the incredible amount of activity that has to be managed. And it's across the entire organization that's really stepped up to manage the incredible amount of volume and the customer outreach has been tremendous, really I think differentiates us from our peers in terms of our engagement with our customers. So a trend as a result across the board from the employees. We've definitely been managing our expenses very carefully. We intend to continue to manage our expenses very carefully. This is something that you've seen us do over the last several years. We've really -- every employee really looks at and make sure that we are spending our money as efficiently as we can. Going forward it's too early to tell in terms of how the crisis plays out. And so we felt that it wasn't appropriate yet to change our guidance. We're very comfortable that we're not going to be above our guidance and in fact I think there's opportunity based on different scenarios for us to come in under our guidance. But it's a little too early -- it's a little too early to tell. And, in terms of the back half of the year, depending on how the crisis plays out there could be some timing related to some of our spending. And as you are aware, our fourth quarter tends to be heavier spend up for us in terms of seasonality in our expenses. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Thanks Kyle, thanks John. 
Kyle Voigt: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we have no further questions in the queue, so I'll turn it back to Mr. Duffy for closing comments. 
Terrence A. Duffy: Dave, thank you. Thank you all very, very much. We appreciate the opportunity to address your questions during this quarter. And I will say it once again most importantly, we wish you and all your families and friends nothing but the best of safety and health. God bless, be safe, and we'll look forward to talking to you all soon. Bye-bye. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the CME Group first quarter 2020 earnings call. You may disconnect your phone lines and thank you for joining us today.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-12 09:22:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the CME Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier: Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. Im going to start with the Safe Harbor language. Then Ill turn it over to Terry and John for brief remarks, followed by your questions. Other members of our management team will also participate in the Q&A session. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our Web site that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statement. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in our filings with the SEC which are on our Web site. Lastly, on the final page of the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you and thank you, John. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Our comments will be brief so we can get right to your questions. We released our executive summary this morning, which provided extensive details on 2019 and the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter ADV ended slowly, was 16.9 million contracts down from an extremely active Q4 of 2018 period. We are very pleased with the work we did to integrate the NEX business during 2019, including back-office migrations to support finance and HR systems and the building of an integrated global sales team. Importantly, our Globex technology migration is on track for BrokerTec and for EBS. During 2019, we had 40 trading days, over 25 million contracts. That is up from 35 days the prior year. We had annual volume records in interest rates, metals and total options. We continue to position CME Group for the long term by launching innovative new products, tools and services to support customer needs and to create capital and operational efficiencies for market participants. We drove significant growth on customers based outside the United States during 2019. During the year, non-U.S. trading volume grew 10% to almost 5 million contracts per day. During Q4, non-U.S. ADV expanded from 24% of the total volume to 27%, and the proportion increased year-over-year across all six product lines. So far in Q1, our business from outside the United States is up double digits in all six asset classes. We continued to deliver successful new product rollouts during 2019. Our popular Micro E-mini ADV traded approximately 106 contracts since its launch in May with diverse participation from across segment and regional perspective. We gained traction in innovative products, including SOFR futures and CME FX Link which just set a daily trading record in January of this year. Also, we are pleased to have launched E-mini S&P ESG futures as well as our new Bitcoin options product. So far in Q1, our markets have been fairly active with total volume up more than 10%. Its worth noting that activities in our higher rate per contract to margin contracts is particularly strong with metals up more than 50%, energy up 20% and agricultural products up more than 10%. Total open interest has increased from 113 million at year end to more than 128 million contracts. I look forward to answering any questions you have. But before I do that, Ill turn the call over to John to provide some additional comments. John?
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Terry. We made a lot of progress during 2019 as we integrated NEX, attracted new customers and created innovative solutions. We delivered $4.9 billion in revenue and managed our expenses very carefully which ultimately drove $6.80 in adjusted EPS. These strong results led to an annual variable dividend of $2.50 per share and we recently announced a regular dividend of $0.85 per share, a 13% increase from last year. In the fourth quarter, we faced tough comparables to a very strong Q4 of 2018. Despite the headwinds, we continued to manage the business very well. Expenses were virtually flat with the previous quarter and we delivered $1.52 in adjusted EPS. One thing to note for the quarter. As you know, our business experiences mix shifts in product, venue and membership class. In December, we experienced an unfavorable mix shift with a higher proportion of member trading and a lower proportion of privately negotiated trades in our rates business, which reduced its rolling three-month RPC for the month of December. Nonetheless, the rates RPC was up sequentially for the quarter and up year-over-year. Moving to 2020, we will continue to execute on our strategy, integrate the businesses and migrate customers from the legacy BrokerTec system to Globex. In terms of our guidance for this year, I want to provide some background. We started 2019 with initial adjusted expense guidance of $1.65 billion to $1.66 billion. For the full year, we were $13 million below the low end of that range at $1.637 billion. For 2020, we currently expect full year adjusted operating expenses, excluding license fees, to be between $1.64 billion and $1.65 billion. For capital expenditures, excluding one-time integration costs and net of leasehold improvement allowances, we expect to be in a range of $180 million to $200 million. By the end of 2019, we targeted $50 million in run rate expense synergies and at year end we exceeded that target and achieved $58 million in run rate expense synergies plus another $6 million of subleasing revenue for a total of $64 million. This is net of the additional cost that we were carrying to run infrastructures in parallel as we prepare for the migration to Globex for BrokerTec and EBS. At this time, we expect to be at $110 million of annual run rate expense synergies by the end of 2020. In terms of our tax rate, last year we guided to an effective tax rate of between 24.5% and 25.5%. I mentioned in Q3 that the new U.S. tax legislation would have a positive impact going forward. As a result, we expect our 2020 adjusted effective tax rate to be between 23% and 24%. Please refer to the last page of our executive commentary for additional financial highlights in details. With that short summary, wed like to open up the call for your questions. Based on the number of analysts covering us, please limit yourself to one question and then feel free to jump back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question today well hear from Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.
Rich Repetto: Good morning, guys. First, I just want to shout out to Bryan Durkin. I know nearly 40 years in the exchange space, sorry to see him go. He is too an exchange guy [ph]. So with that, just my question is, John, around the costs and the synergies. And could you tell us we ended up in what you actually realized in 2019? And then just trying to get a feel for what the underlying growth rate is ex the synergies that you get? It looks like its going to be slightly up on a net basis, but how does the synergies impact? What you realized so far? What you realized next year?
John Pietrowicz: Great. Thanks, Rich. I appreciate the questions. So in terms of our realized expense synergies, we realized about $35 million in 2019 in terms of synergies. Like I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we exceeded our run rate synergy target. We had originally targeted 50 million. We had 58 million in expenses plus an additional 6 million in leasehold  our sublease revenue, so about $64 million all-in. So really pleased with the performance in terms of the integration and synergy realization. This is a total company effort and I think we did an excellent job. So in terms of next year, the way to think about it is if you take our expenses for this year, excluding license fees, were about $1.637 billion, you add back in the realized synergies and then you grow that expense base between 2.5% and 3%, thats about the upward pressure that we get on our expenses. Then you back out the run rate synergies that we had which is about 58 million and then you back out what we think were going to realize in 2020 and thats about $15 million in realized synergies in 2020. Now its less than what we achieved in  from a realized perspective less than we achieved in 2018 and thats because as you know were going to be migrating customers onto Globex in the fourth quarter. So thats really kind of the target for us and that gets you basically flat with this year, about $1.640 billion to $1.650 billion. So thats kind of the way to think about it. We are going to accelerate the synergies in 2020 as much as we can. Were very comfortable with our target of 110, but to the extent we can accelerate the synergies, we will, but the companys really focused on making sure that we have a good and seamless transition from the legacy BrokerTec platform to Globex.
Terrence Duffy: Let me just thank you for making the nice comments about all of our dear friend Mr. Durkin who is here.
Rich Repetto: Sorry to see him go. Thank you. Thats helps here. John, thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Rich.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Well move on to Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. Can you talk about the NEX integration a little bit more? And specifically the migration over to Globex in 4Q, I think in the prepared statement you talked about some of the client forms youve been holding, maybe what youre hearing from clients? And as we think about that migration, what if any kind of uptick in volume might we anticipate?
Terrence Duffy: Bryan?
Bryan Durkin: Sure. Thank you. With respect to the integration, I think Ive alluded to the last call that we completed our API releases which makes it possible for our customers to begin mock trading in the tough environment. We are pleased with the outreach to the clients to date in terms of their sign up for connectivity and for testing. Weve had multiple forums both domestically and internationally with our client base to get them situated and ready for testing. I think the rubber will really meet the road in the course of the next quarter in terms of the acceleration and making sure that weve got the clients in and actively testing throughout Q2. Were excited about the capabilities and the functionality attributes moving over to Globex. The feedback that we continue to hear from the client base is very positive in terms of the switchover. So that in conjunction with the talks that were having with clients in prep for EBS as well, the clients feel like were doing a very methodical job in terms of our outreach, in terms of the preparation and in terms of the planning and testing. I think Ive mentioned in the past we have a fairly elaborate testing program and the context of ensuring that our clients have the ample time to acquaint themselves with the functionality in the platform switchover. But many of our clients by the way are very familiar with Globex.
Dan Fannon: Great. Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Dan.
Bryan Durkin: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Next, well move on to Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Terrence Duffy: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Bedell: Just talk about using potential  the potential for RPC to move up a little bit in 2020 here, maybe if John you can talk about the impact of the adverse member mix shift in rates on fourth quarter, and then any planned pricing changes across the future product suite in 2020 and also some market data. I know last time I think you had a price increase on the monthly fees in 2018. Sometimes you do that every other year, so just seeing if theres anything planned for 2020. And then Ill also just squeeze in just the non-U.S. has been growing nicely. Any commentary on the potential impact for the shift to affect the U.S. in that mix shift?
John Pietrowicz: Okay, Brian, that was quite a number of questions. So Ill do my best to hit them all. So, first off, lets talk about our RPC. So in the month of November and we talked a little bit about it  Im sorry, we talked a little bit about it in my prepared remarks. So basically whats happened in the month of December, the rolling three months average for rates for the RPC was actually down compared to the rolling three months average in November. So really to understand why it went down, you really need to look at the activity that was occurring in December which rolls into the calculation in September which was out of the calculation. So when you isolate those two months of activity, in September we had a higher amount of member trading activity plus a higher proportion of our privately negotiated trades and that really caused  those are higher RPC trading, so that caused the RPC to actually decline rolling three months November compared to rolling three months December and its really a change in mix between September and December. So that was what happened on the rate side. In terms of 2020 and things that are impacting or could impact our rates, a couple of things to point out. Number one, if you take a look at our trading activity so far this year, Im very pleased with our volume being up 11% year-to-date. And whats interesting when you look at the mix of our trading, we see energy up 20%, we see ag up 11%, we see metals up 51%, all of them in the commodities area which have a higher RPC than the financials. We also see very good strong equity trading as well. Also, when you take a look at how were performing overseas, EMEA is up 25% with all product areas up double digits so far this year and then APACs up about 34%. So very strong activity coming from international. As you know, international tends to have a higher RPC than the U.S. So when you look at the mix of strong commodities performance and strong international performance, that should help in terms of the RPC. Then you had a question around pricing. In general, we are always looking at our pricing schedules and we take a look at everything that impacts our RPC. So well look at the face rate, well look at the market maker programs and we look at incentive plans and we do it very detail, product by product analysis and we take into consideration the market environment, the total cost trade and other factors. And we do  when we look at making any pricing adjustment, we do it with an eye towards not impacting volume. Thats very critical. In 2019, we didnt take any significant pricing actions. In 2020, we did make some adjustments that impact the RPCs. And assuming similar trading activities as 2019, the impact will be in the range of past adjustments in the range of about 1.5% to 2% of our futures and options transaction fees. And the majority of the changes begin at the start of February. So that was in response to your question on the pricing. And then market data, weve made some pricing adjustments in non-display data recently that went into effect. And then I think thats kind of the major point on market data. So I think that addressed all your questions.
Brian Bedell: Yes, thats great. Just maybe whats the impact of the market data price increases from a revenue perspective?
John Pietrowicz: We didnt provide that on the market data.
Brian Bedell: Okay, fair enough. Thank you so much.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Next, well move to Mike Carrier with Bank of America.
Mike Carrier: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just in terms of growth, you guys highlighted the strength in ADV and weve seen that coming from outside the U.S. And then even in new products, I think you guys mentioned that over the past decade youre contributing about 10% of ADV today. So I guess just on the international front and lets say some of the products are contributing 25% today and some are in the 40s, maybe where do you see that opportunity ahead given either penetration potential or some of the initiatives that you have in place? And similar on the new product launches, can you provide either some color or some context around maybe the pace of new launches or even the uptake that youre seeing over the past few years versus the past decade that drove that 10% contribution to ADV today?
Terrence Duffy: Yes. Mike, its Terry Duffy. Were going to kind of go around the table a little bit here because I think theres a lot to that question, a lot of us could touch on, but Im going to ask Sean to touch a little bit as it relates to some of the launches that I referenced earlier, one being  obviously SOFR is not a brand new launch, but its out there and its growing. So I think that is something that we can have a conversation about. And then obviously we listed the ESG futures, which are new, so its kind of hard to get a trajectory of how theyre going to perform at such an early stage. But Sean, Ill turn it to you on some of the new products. Then we can talk about the international growth.
Sean Tully: Were constantly focused on both adjusting our existing products in order to make them more attractive to participants, especially related to Alternative products and listing new integrated products with addressing their needs in the marketplace. So, so far were very excited about where we are there. Were currently running over 40,000 contracts a day. We have the equivalent of more than 1.2 trillion worth of open interest. Obviously, SOFR, a large and important initiative in addition to the futures side that I just talked about. Weve now cleared more than 54 billion within SOFR interest rate swaps across 30 counterparties. On the futures side, we now have well over 350 different firms trading our SOFR futures, so were very excited about those developments. But if you look at each and every asset class in the financials, what you noted was  in our report we say that we have more than 2.1 million ADV last year from new products launched since 2010. We had $310 million in revenues. This is across every asset class. We are continuously innovating. So if you look at equity, for example, over the last few years we lost the BTIC, Basis Trade at Index Close, which has got a very high RPC and enjoying very good growth and significantly adds to our revenues. In addition to that, we have the total return in futures. We have the dividend in futures. And then obviously you know very well about the Micro E-mini. Maybe just a brief update on the Micro E-mini. Were doing 647,000 contracts a day so far this year. Thats up 37% from last year. In addition to that, we did tell you last year when we started in terms of the RPC, when we initially launch our product we typically have heavy incentive to make sure that theres very high liquidity on day one, so that everyone always has a good experience in day one. But we also promised you that we would be reducing those incentives over time. So if you look at the Q3 RPC, for example, on the Micro E-mini, they were 7.8 [ph] if you look at in Q4, that was 11.4 [ph], so a very significant increase in that RPC, while the product is growing very significantly. If you look then at the RPC on that Micro E-mini, theres more than 80,000 different what we can [indiscernible] that are trading that, so a huge number of clients we believe we kind of traded tens of thousands of new clients, in particular larger retail traders. But the other thing I want to get to is theres just enormous growth in the product, growth in the RPC  sorry, the last thing I want to say is a very high premium relative to the E-mini. So if you do the math, as youll recall, the Micros are one-tenth the size of an E-mini. That means risk equivalent at $1.10 a contract relative to you can see we reported in our equity indexes $0.65 a contract with our RPC. If you look then, we mentioned in the prepared remarks, FX link, a new record day in January. In addition to that, the other big thing I would mention in foreign exchange in terms of innovations or adjusting the existing products, late last year we adjusted the minimum price increments. It sounds technical but its actually very important. We adjusted the minimum price increments in the quarterly roles from dollar/euro, dollar/yen and dollar/Sterling and those December roles were outstanding I think its far to say for each of those three products. So in each and every case the role volume was up tremendously, the percentage of the open interest that was rolled was up tremendously and we saw a huge increase in interest from banks and from hedge funds. We did announce earlier this year that we are now going to likewise be reducing the minimum price increment in dollar Canada and Aussie dollar. In addition to that, what impact does that have on our foreign exchange market? Foreign exchange market volatility is incredibly low. If you look at the January volatility, it was the lowest volatility going back to 1992 for the G7 currencies, so incredibly low volatility. Nonetheless, last year the number of large open interest holders in our foreign exchange business grew by 30%. On January 28, we had a new all-time record high in large open interest holders in foreign exchange. So we believe these adjustments to our products even in this very low volatility environment is having a very positive impact. So every asset class is seeing new innovation, new product launches. I can keep mentioning them. One last thing that Ill mention is we just launched in January also options on our SOFR futures. I could go on and on, but hopefully that gives you enough color.
Terrence Duffy: Yes, let me just talk real quick about Asia and Europe and Ill ask Bryan to comment a little bit about the growth throughout Europe, because I think thats the second part of your question and Ill touch just on  a quick story about Asia. Last night, Julie Winkler who is my Chief Commercial Officer held an offsite which she was scheduled to be with her entire team in Asia, but obviously that was not going to be the case. So they held here from Chicago and we have over 200 sales people today. We have a significant amount of those in Asia. I actually participated in her presentation because I happen to be walking by, so I did participate for the first hour. And its quite fascinating to see the enthusiasm amongst the Asian sales folks because of we are now able to leverage a BrokerTec next to a treasury platform. These are things that sales folks never had before that can hopefully increase the business throughout the region of Asia. And were having great growth through there, so we referenced it in our earlier numbers and were excited about the prospect of what the sales force can do by creating capital and operational efficiencies with the next transaction as they continue to sell those products throughout the region. Ill let Bryan talk about Europe.
Bryan Durkin: Its been a journey. Youve walked along with us over the last few years. Youve heard what weve done to build up to the ability to say that we have about 5 million of our volume now coming out of international. Youre well aware of the liquidity programs weve put in place over the years to build up that activity during the regional time zone. And I think that that story is just continuing to unfold in a very positive way based on the diversity of the product, the asset classes that we represent, our global sales force that is very dedicated and attuned to the very specific client segments that do business at our institution. Over the past five years weve seen over 75% growth in our average daily volume internationally. And what that breaks down is about 4 million contracts coming out of the EMEA region and around another 1 million contracts coming out of Asia. This is the first year that we were able to on an average daily volume for the year really meet and in some instances exceed that 1 million contract level. You had mentioned that you had seen double digit growth occurring in various asset classes. Again, its the beauty of the diversity of our products. So earlier quarters you were seeing tremendous growth in the international side in Europe on the interest rate product, but last quarter we saw a little bit of a slide in terms of interest rates in the European side of the equation but that was offset by strong growth in terms of our commodities, particularly our gold futures, our platinum futures, our foreign currencies did well. With respect to Asia Pacific, we saw a bit of a downturn in our energy products, but that was highly offset by performance in our interest rate quadrant in our equities. So again, its the diversity of the products that we have. Its our ability to penetrate these client segments. Youve heard me talk about country planning which is a rather new phenomenon that weve introduced across our sales force in our international team, over the course of the last two years were covering over 70% I think of the top 10 countries that are providing the revenues on the international time zone where we have very, very specific deliverables for our sales force and our business lines in our international team, and we track those accordingly.
John Pietrowicz: Just one last point. If we maintain this level of volume from international, this will be the largest month in our history since 2012 since we started tracking it. This will be our largest ADV month.
Terrence Duffy: In the month of February. Hopefully that gave you a little color, Mike.
Mike Carrier: Yes. Thanks a lot.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Next, well move to Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Sheriq Sumar: Hi. This is Sheriq filling in for Alex. Can you talk about the transition to SOFR and what sort of preparations have you made? And how should we think about the implications on volumes and the pricing for this product?
Terrence Duffy: Go ahead, Sean.
Sean Tully: Sure. Weve been a member of the Alternative Reference Rate Committee now for several years and we were the leader in terms of introducing SOFR futures. I already mentioned earlier that we have about 1.6 trillion worth of open interest. Were doing 40,000 contracts a day. If you look recently in terms of our SOFR futures, we are running 78% of the global volume in SOFR futures in terms of average daily volume and were right at 94% of the open interest. So Id say very solid growth in terms of products. We see this as additive to the rest of our products in terms of the Fed funds futures and the Eurodollar futures and as well as treasury futures obviously. This is an added product that we expect to grow side by side with our existing products. In addition to that, I mentioned earlier on the interest rate swap side we cleared 54 billion worth of interest rate swaps. We have 30 participants now who have cleared interest rate swaps with us. And were working very closely with the industry on development. I did mention also earlier that we did launch SOFR options on our SOFR futures in January. Other things going on later this year we will be working with the industry, we will be changing the discounting on our interest rate swaps from Fed funds over to SOFR. So I would say that theres continuous increase in the adoption of SOFR by our clients and a very good ecosystem in terms of trading SOFR futures. As I said earlier, its actually I think more than 370 participants have been trading this product. So I think its a very healthy product area and its growing very nicely.
Sheriq Sumar: Thank you. And anything on the pricing side as to how that would impact long term?
Sean Tully: On the pricing side, I assume  in the beginning when we launched new products, we want to ensure that they are extremely liquid. So in the beginning we typically offer incentives in order to ensure that we have more liquidity. And with SOFR  Ive said this on previous calls, I think we are the natural home for the product. So we offer the most efficient place to trade, referring to commodity spreads between Eurodollar futures and the SOFR futures; the Fed funds futures and SOFR futures. In addition to that from a margin and capital perspective, we offer offsets between the SOFR futures, Eurodollar futures; SOFR futures, treasury futures; SOFR futures versus Fed fund futures, so an extremely efficient place to trade. In the beginning we do have incentives. We do have incentives today. And as I said, we have 94% of the global open interest in the product. Over time I would expect that to reduce those incentives, and Id expect the pricing to look similar at some point to our Eurodollar futures. But at the moment, honestly, there are some incentives.
Sheriq Sumar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Well move on to Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm: Hi. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to take some of the pricing questions that you got and maybe take them over to the NEX side. Can you talk about how you view pricing in those legacy business a little bit more? One, on the non-transition side but also on the transaction side I think theres still a lot of legacy contracts that are fairly fixed. So do you think there will be opportunities as maybe some of that comes up as you maybe move to Globex to maybe restructure some of that or are you pretty happy to kind of keep the volume there no matter what and maybe not participate in the upside as maybe competition gets a little bit bigger in that space? Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Hi, Alex. This is John. Ill start and then Sean can chime in. Youre correct. When you look at the legacy NEX businesses, BrokerTec in particular has a large number of bespoke agreements and they tend to vary less with volume than our futures business. When you look at EBS, its more akin to our futures business in terms of volume activity versus revenue realization. So thats on the market side. On the optimization businesses, the non-transactional optimization businesses its much more of subscription based or monthly based fee for those services. Obviously on the transaction side of the optimization businesses, that varies a bit with the amount of activity thats performed. So, for example, this quarter we saw a sequential increase in the amount of revenue generated from the transaction business of the optimization companies that we own. It was actually up about $4 million sequentially. That was primarily because there was more activity at triReduce. In terms of our  we havent announced any long-term plans around pricing. Were very focused on the transition from the legacy NEX platforms onto Globex. But as we always do, were always looking at our pricing and we want to make sure that were very  got a very compelling offering and then weve got a very compelling platform for our customers to use.
Sean Tully: Underlying what John said, this is Sean, our primary focus now is transitioning the businesses onto Globex, so both BrokerTec this year and EBS next year onto Globex. Then secondly, making sure that we have the single most attractive platform for anyone to trade in terms of our products. So creating new link between the cash and the futures market but having listed before because we have both sets of products. So we are really focusing on the transition on to Globex, one. Two, making sure we have the single most attractive products possible. Three, creating new efficiencies that the marketplace has never seen before. And four, cross selling. So the cross selling is the thing that were already heavily into. In terms of that cross selling, maybe just a couple of points. In particular, we started tracking what we call cross referral and cost introduction between the cash and futures businesses. And to date we are now tracking more than 400 cross introductions where we are having the cash market salespeople introduce clients to our futures folks as well as our futures sales team introducing clients over into the cash market businesses. A large portion of those are as we had expected and as we talked about when we launched the transaction, but the highest portion is coming from foreign exchange customers in the cash markets as well as the futures markets, looking at the cross-sell opportunity, particularly in Europe, the number two category in interest rate. So were really very focused on the client experience.
Alex Kramm: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And well move on to Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Thanks. Hi, guys. With the news out there regarding ICEs interest in eBay, can you give us an update on your thoughts regarding M&A and specifically hoping you could address whether you consider somewhat out of the box transactions?
Terrence Duffy: Well, we wont comment on what was just talked about with Intercontinental. As far as our M&A strategy, Chris, as youve seen, were very deliberate and diligent in how we approach it and we try to be obviously opportunistic if something arrives that we think is great for the value of the shareholders and can increase the value for the clients. So we have a long history and Im not going to go through all the history of what our transactions have been. Were focused on the NEX integration. We have two years left on that integration process to get both BrokerTec and EBS on the platform. Its a big part of what were trying to accomplish. So thats our strategy for now. Obviously we always look at things, but at the same time were laser focused as Ive said before on completing the integration of this transaction.
Chris Harris: Okay, got it.
Operator: And next well move to Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt: Hi. Good morning. Maybe a couple of questions on market data. It looks like the NEX market data revenue was down $5 million sequentially. Anything to call out there that drove the decline? And I suppose that implies there was sequential growth in CMEs core data revenue, just what drove that? Was that the pricing? And then maybe you can just give an update on the drive data initiative and the kind of sales progress there?
John Pietrowicz: All right. Hi, Kyle. This is John. When you take a look at our market date line, from a revenue perspective it was actually up about $500,000 sequentially from Q3 to Q4. And really when you peel back, our market data performed very well in the fourth quarter. In Q3 we had $1.1 million more in audit findings. And as you know, those audit findings can vary quarter-to-quarter depending on  as those audit findings get realized. So really if you strip out the audit findings, our market data is actually up $1.5 million and thats really a function of two things. One, we had a pricing change that we discussed, our non-display data and also weve seen a stabilization on the attrition, which has been helpful. So the core of market data, excluding audits, is up about 1.5 million. And from a NEX perspective, the market data is relatively flat Q3 to Q4. Bryans going to talk a little bit about the --
Bryan Durkin: You covered the pricing, but on the drive side of it we continue to very pleased with the demands from the client base in terms of having access to our products for them to be able to build structured products based off of our data. That business continues to grow and evolve and the demand is coming from a variety of different client sectors. What Im most pleased about is our engagement with the consumers of this data, whether it be our core customers, customers being the consumers of the data for trading. So you got to think about this outside the box of subscribers, the traditional subscribers, but those looking at it from the perspective of using data to complement both their trading, development of products what they can sell in-house as well as demand for historical data that they use for a variety of reasons. And so weve really been trying to more deeply engage with the client base. The audit, quite honestly that we started almost a couple  I think it was a couple of years back, in earnest has really allowed us to capture a much deeper insight into how the variety of client segments utilize their data. Thats brought us much closer to the client base itself and the consumers. The other thing that we look very closely at is the distributors of the data. So really drawing a much closer alliance and relationships with the vendors and how we go about pricing that information for them to be able to redistribute our data. And were very excited about the foundation and the programs that weve put in place over the last couple of years to help us really grow each of these variety of data offerings. When you look at NEX, as you can appreciate, we had to get into this more deeply this past year in terms of looking at  maybe the esoteric nature of how that data is utilized by EBS as well as BrokerTec. And so we have a number of plans on the horizon working closely with Sean and his team in terms of how we can better structure and package that information for consumption.
Kyle Voigt: Thanks. And John, I apologize, the 5 million sequential decline were looking at was actually for the NEX other revenue. Could you just provide any clarity on that? Im sorry.
John Pietrowicz: No worries, Kyle. So really the primary driver of the $5 million reduction in the other revenue is as youll recall in the third quarter we announced that we had completed the sale of the ENSO business. So the majority of the $5 million decline was related to that sale.
Kyle Voigt: Got it. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: All right. No problem.
Operator: Well move on to Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. So I want to touch on the commodities and metals a little bit. So the ADV and open interest of commodities and metals were up quite nicely year-over-year at the end of January. Could you please talk about some of the drivers of the strength there? So are you taking shares from other exchanges internationally? Is that continued migration from cash to derivatives or is it mainly driven by volatility events, like coronavirus? How should we think about the contribution of each driver and the sustainability of the strength for the rest of this year? Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks. So Ill give that to Derek.
Derek Sammann: Thanks, Owen. Yes, its been a good run. Its actually  there are three different businesses that some are operating in conjunction with another, some are actually quite correlated when you look at the impact of coronavirus, African swine fever and the phase one trade deal that weve seen unleash. As Bryan had mentioned, weve seen particular strength in the commodities business as all three of these, most especially our metals business out of Europe and Asia. I think thats a business that over the last four or five years not only have we positioned our COMEX gold and silver contract as the global benchmark, youre seeing that as more business shifts out of the bilateral swaps market primarily the London physical market, the bullion market into all markets. We actually regressed our volumes back 20 years. And if you go back over 20 years ago, COMEX represented 10% of the total physical and cash combined businesses of futures and cash. Fast forward to today and COMEX now represents 50% of larger volumes than what weve seen in LBMA business. So were seeing that bullion market adopt very much the capital and operational efficiencies of COMEX gold, so theyve gone from one-tenth of that physical market to 50% big in that cash market. So the significant growth and uptake is largely driven by U.S. and actually Asian and European customers. We see that on the competitive numbers, we see that in overall numbers. The business referred to so far this year, were up 50%. We see that our Asian business in metals is up 56%. Its up 58% as well in APAC. So to the extent that that business continues to grow, that is both metal and particularly gold as a preferred commodity in uncertain markets in which we operate. And I think us better positioning the futures market is the best solution and product delivery of the market. Flipping over to our energy business, I think it was referenced during the call. Terry talked about the strong growth weve seen so far this year in our energy business. Global, the energy business up 20% and were seeing that actually up significantly in Europe as well. And what were seeing there is after a year of basically a $10 trade arrangement in oil and natural gas sitting at around $2.50, weve seen significant impact to concerns of global growth and two ways in which the market expresses the view on concerns of a global growth is effectively the price of oil. So weve seen that  as that downdraft has actually taken place, we saw WTI go from 62 to 52 in the span of two weeks on growth concerns. Weve seen our business so far this year absolutely takeoff. So not surprising to see that the preference for global crude trading taking the place in the form of WTI. Its a global crude oil market story that weve been talking about for the last three years and we see that play very much intact. And I would say even more strongly in natural gas, our business in natural gas is up 40% so far this year and our market share is down to an all-time record of 84% of natural gas futures, Henry Hub, in the U.S. So again, when youre seeing markets break out below level driven by growth rate concerns globally, theres an article that just came out 20 minutes ago on global growth concerns putting downward pressure on energy prices, the markets coming to CME to use our energy prices to manage that risk. Lastly on the ag side, this is a business thats close to $0.5 billion business to the firm. This is a market where we saw record dairy and livestock volumes last year. So as you have concerns about African swine flu, in Asia the concerns about coronavirus, we saw that risk being managed here at CME Group. Most particularly with the phase one trade agreement now announced, weve seen a resumption of our volume, went a little bit sideways in grains and oilseeds last year. Were seeing our ag business up so far 11% this year. And most notably when you see where that growth is taking place, were seeing the business so far up 33% in Europe and up 51% in Asia. So again, when the market experiences volatility, uncertainty and breakout ranges, youre seeing the market continue to adopt CME Group global benchmarks and were seeing that not just in the U.S. time zone, but the point Bryan has made, Im sure he referenced Serbia and outsized proportion of new clients positioned in Europe and Asia.
Owen Lau: Thats helpful. Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Derek Sammann: Thanks, Owen.
Operator: Well next go to Ari Ghosh with Credit Suisse.
Ari Ghosh: Hi. Good morning, everyone. And apologizes if youve already hit on this, but just wanted to touch on a couple of items that could be incremental to volumes looking forward. So first, just hoping to give us an update on conversations youre having with clients around navigating UMR and potential cost saves from your FX suite? And then just moving on to Bitcoin, you continue to see solid volumes and new account growth around Bitcoin as well. So just curious how the institutional ecosystem here is evolving around Bitcoin and your competitive positioning in this emerging asset class as well? Thank you very much.
Terrence Duffy: Sean?
Sean Tully: Yes. So in terms of the un-cleared margin rules, thats something weve been very focused on that for a number of years and that will continue to be a tailwind for us over the next couple of years with the extension of the date by regulators relative to compliance. So we do expect at September of this year another very large portion of clients will be forced into the un-cleared margin rules. Relative to that we do see an opportunity to offer clients listed FX options in particular, but also use our FX futures as alternatives to forwards. We added, as youll recall a couple years ago now, monthly futures in addition to our quarterly futures in order to help them facilitate that as well as FX link in order to make that transition from the OTC market over the futures market  listed market much easier. As youre rightly pointing out, something that we point out, we pointed out for years now is that if youre affected by the un-cleared margin rules, you have a 10-day margin period of risk. If you move to an OTC product and we do now clear both non-deliverable forwards as well as cash settled forwards, so G7 currencies. So we are clearing FX forwards, cash roll FX forwards in the OTC market as well. So un-cleared 10-day margin period of risk clear to see simply a five-day margin period of risk. Weve actually now cleared about 69 billion worth of NDS and CSS in our OTC FX business, relatively small but increasing. But the most efficient place is in futures and listed options, which is typically the one-day margin period of risk. So we do see that to be a continuing tailwind. In addition to that, our optimization services are very focused on having a holistic solution that no other marketplace can offer in terms of optimization of portfolios as well. So in terms of UMR, we can see a continued benefit there. And I think you had a second question of Bitcoin.
Ari Ghosh: Bitcoin.
Sean Tully: Bitcoin continues to operate well. Were doing around 10,000 contracts a day. And we did launch options on Bitcoin which are doing well, but honestly its a very small part of our market.
Ari Ghosh: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And next, well take a follow-up question from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks very much. Just wanted to offer  say my appreciation for Bryan Durkin help over the years and great answers on these earnings call. And most of my other questions were asked already, but just are there any plans to fill the President role or are you eliminating that position?
Terrence Duffy: Hi, Brian. Its Terry Duffy. Im going to look at that over a period of time. Bryan has committed to being here through May, and then help advising me thereafter. And hes also joining our Board of Directors which will also be a benefit for not only the shareholders but the employee base as well, which he is a big part of now. So I havent made a decision about how Im going to move forward with that particular role right now. Ill work with Bryan and others as we continue to evolve and Bryan starts his transition into his next life. So let me instead just echo your comments at the beginning. He does give great answers and not only that he works wonderful with clients and his knowledge will be around for a long time to come, so that is greatly appreciated.
Brian Bedell: Thanks very much.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And next well move to Patrick OShaughnessy with Raymond James.
David Farnum: Hi, guys. Its actually David Farnum on for Patrick. I was wondering  for the international business, I was wondering if you could dig into the drivers of your growth across the various regions. So can you speak to your sales headcount ramp over the last few years? Where are we kind of right now across the various regions, where was it say five years ago? And as we look forward, would you anticipate further headcount growth to continue to capitalize on the international opportunity or do you feel like youre at the correct point right now? Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Good morning, David. Its Terry Duffy. Right now our headcount in sales has gone up close to 200 of the CME workforce today and its spread throughout the world fairly evenly, obviously a big part of it is here in the U.S. but in Europe and Asia as well and other parts. Listen, if in fact the business is growing and I continue to see the benefits which I have seen by increasing the sales force over the last several years, you got to remember about 7 or 10 years ago that number was probably about 10 to 15 people in sales and now were sitting at 200. And you can look at the chart up into the right of the growth of the business and you can correlate that the new count acquisitions that Julie Winkler and our team have been doing along with the sales folks. And as long as we can continue to offer a solution thats more cost benefit to participate in, were going to continue to add our sales folks to do. Its one of those things you dont want to be a company full of sales people, if they are continuing to deliver value, I have no problem increasing the size of that staff as long as the business is reflective of what they are producing.
David Farnum: Great, very helpful. Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: And that will conclude todays question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to the management for any additional or closing remarks.
Terrence Duffy: We appreciate it very much and we look forward to speaking with all of you next quarter. Have a nice day. Thank you.
Operator: That will conclude todays call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the CME Group Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier: Good morning and thank you all for joining us. I am going to start with the Safe Harbor language. Then I will turn it over to Terry and John for brief remarks, followed by your questions. Statements made on this call and in the other documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in our filings with the SEC which are on our website. Also on the last page of the earnings release you will find a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, John. And as John said, I want to thank you all for joining us this morning. My comments will be brief so we can get right to your questions. We released our executive commentary this morning, which provided extensive details on the third quarter. In Q3, average daily volume grew to more than 20 million contracts per day, up 30% compared to Q3 last year. Normally the months of July and August are slow. So were pleased with the activity this year. We delivered record quarterly average daily volume in metals products, which rose 32%. Average daily volume and interest rates and equities were each up more than 35%.Our options business continues to perform very well. During the third quarter, our options volume reached 4.1 million contracts per day, or up 32%. We drove significant growth from customers based outside the United States. During the third quarter, volume originating from Asia reached a record level of 1.2 million contracts per day, up 61%. Volume from European based customers increased by 34% versus Q3 last year and was the third best quarter overall with records in metals and equities. Lastly, the activity from Latin America has accelerated. We had 152,000 contracts per day during the quarter, the second highest in our history. We continue to deliver successful new product rollouts, our popular Micro E-minis ADV grew 35% sequentially from Q2 to Q3. We reached a monthly record in our new SOFR contract in September with 58,000 contracts traded and a daily record in mid September of more than 150,000 contracts traded. New products announced recently include the E-mini S&P ESG futures, US liquefied natural gas export futures and also we developed the bilateral pricing agreement between CME and the Shanghai Gold Exchange. Turning to the NEX integration, we are pleased with how it is progressing. We have made great progress, leveraging the joint sales teams to enable cross selling and to offer the full portfolio of products and services. We are also beginning to combine the office space around the world, which should assist with generating revenue synergies at a lower cost. We remain laser focused on this very strategic transaction and look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. With that, let me turn the call over to John to provide you with some additional comments.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Terry. It was a tremendous quarter. Revenue reached almost $1.28 billion the highest level we have seen this year during what is typically a seasonally slow quarter. Terry touched on the strength in our futures and options franchise. We also saw sequential growth in the NEX business including at EBS, BrokerTec and triReduce. During the third quarter, our adjusted expenses excluding license fees came in at $409 million, up slightly from the prior quarter. We remain highly confident that we will come in between $1.64 billion and $1.65 billion in adjusted expenses for the year which we reduced by $10 million last quarter. One final note earlier this year, proposed federal regulations were released related to the US tax legislation enacted in 2017. These regulations clarified whether a deduction would be available related to foreign customers service from our U.S. operations. As a result of these regulations and the nearing completion of our 2018 tax returns, we have revised our income tax calculations for 2018 and 2019 to reflect the new guidance. We recorded an $89 million tax benefit in the current quarter. Of this, approximately $52 million related to 2018 and was taken out this quarter in adjusted non-GAAP results. The remaining $37 million relates to the first three quarters of this year, resulting in an adjusted effective tax rate of 20.5% for the quarter. Adjusted Q3 diluted EPS including this entry was $1.90. We expect the annual 2019 effective tax rate to be approximately 23.5%. With that short summary, we would like to open up the call for your questions. Based on the number of analysts covering us, please limit yourself to one question and then feel free to jump back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Richard Repetto with Sandler ONeill.
Richard Repetto: Yes, good morning, Terry. Good morning, John. I guess my...
Terrence Duffy: Good morning.
Richard Repetto: Good morning. Everybody is asking about the volume picture and I know, not to focus on what you call short-term things, but the volumes have across asset classes have dropped over the last 2.5 weeks. So I guess any insight there? But I guess more importantly is the longer-term picture of interest rates are so much of the drive, so much of the complex and then transaction revenue. How would you think about the outlook for the interest rate volume and the interest rate transaction revenue in a low rate environment going forward as well?
Terrence Duffy: Well, Richard, I mean I think a lot of us would like to kind of jump in a little bit and give you snippets of what we think, but weve got to be careful because as you know, its very hard for us to predict future volumes of what they may or may not be. That being said when you look at the volumes across especially the last period that you referenced last couple of weeks. They have been across  they have down significantly in the ETFs and the cash markets and the equities all across the board youve seen a tightening of volumes going on. So its not just CME and then when it comes to interest rates. You look at all the  were at 90% service economy in the United States, 10% manufacturing roughly and there are a lot of different borrowing cost at different levels that I think people continually need to manage that risk and regardless of what the, the Fed funds rate or the borrowing rate is by the Fed. There is a lot of people that dont give that and we are going to continually look to have people manage risk throughout the curve. So I still think that there is uncertainty as it relates to what those rates are going to be and I think that the businesses that we know were set up in a very good position to capture additional volatility. There is no question. And then is undeniable that it has slowed down, it will be interesting to see what the Chairman, Paul says coming up. So Ill let Sean to comment more, but I would not try to base a 12-month period on a 2-week cycle.
Sean Tully: Yes, hi. Rich, this is Sean jumping in. So for the last two weeks, certainly the volumes have been lower than they had been for the previous couple of months, but really not surprise relative to the ebb and flow of economic information and markets. If you go back a month or so ago, the probability of tightening at the Fed meeting, which is occurring this week was less than 50% and Im sorry, easing, excuse me, the probability of easing was less than 50%. If you look at the probability today, its running around 94%. So the market has gone from a highly uncertain situation relative to the FOMC meeting, excuse me, to a certain situation at least from a market standpoint. When you do that, when you remove the uncertainty, then the marketplace volumes tend to fall, thats the volatility tends to fall because marketplace has come to a conclusion. So I think that thats a part of the drag in terms of the last couple of weeks. But thats the ebb and flow, no doubt, there will be high levels of uncertainty at FOMC meetings that are upcoming later this year as well as into next year. Its just a short-term event. In terms of the volumes themselves as well, if you look at our volumes, Terry indicated, If you look at the largest ETFs in equities, for example, comparable to our products are down much more in terms of volumes than our products and theyre running down around 50%, ours are down substantially less than that. We continuously look at making sure that our products are the most attractive of any products available in the marketplace and market participants come to us for managing their risk. So we are continuously as you know focused on adjusting our products in order to make them more attractive as well as innovating new products. For example, you will recall, we lowered the minimum price increments in our two year futures in January of this year and those are  volumes are up substantially relative to the rest of the marketplace now versus where they were a year ago. So our 2-year futures running at around 16% of our overall volumes of our treasury futures, whereas previously, they were running it more like to 12.7%. So an additional 150,000 contracts coming out of  out of the two year notes on the back of that. We have also seen outside growth for example in our 10-year  Ultra 10-Year futures, which you know are new just a couple of years ago. Recently, doing 267,000 contracts a day. I am very excited about SOFR. Youve heard in terms of innovation. Ill talk about SOFR. In the month of September, the SOFR futures as Terry mentioned earlier had a record day of 152,000 contracts in a single day. Putting that in perspective, 670 billion notional equivalent. Its an enormous day for the repo market, the fact that there is volatility in the repo market, repo traders now coming to CME to manage their risk. Recall that we only launched that product in May of the previous year. We now have more than $1.7 trillion in open interest in that product. So we are continuously innovating. In terms of the Micro E-minis, Terry mentioned that earlier on the call. Were currently at 565,000 contracts ADV more than 50,000 contracts trading, sorry, more than 50,000 accounts trading. So huge growth in the contract, a huge number of new participants trading it, the average trade on that I will also mention is 2.65 contract, so far smaller than the E-minis and so very additive to our products, so whether its the SOFR futures whether its adjusting existing contracts, whether its the Micro E-minis, were continuously looking and make sure that weve got the absolute most innovative, most attractive price possible for our clients and we look to grow our complex in any interest rate environment or any market environment.
Terrence Duffy: And Rich, let me just add one more thing, so I think there is a bit of confusion sometimes when people look at rates. Our business is not driven off of making money, off of money. We have a very small part of our business that does that unlike some other businesses, our business is to manage risk for a whole host of interest rate fluctuations that have to come to our marketplace to mitigate that. So I think, when we look at rates at historical low levels that affects people who are trying to make money off of money versus what we do for a living.
Richard Repetto: Understood. Very helpful guys. Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Sean Tully: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Hi, thanks. Good morning. So, Terry, you mentioned the NEX integration and the potential kind of the meetings and potential revenue synergy opportunity. I guess could you be specific about kind of whats happening in the success youre having or meetings and progress. I think at the start, it was around some of the intermediary in the banks in Europe and Asia. So I guess if there could be some more tangible kind of comments around what the progress you are having would be helpful?
Terrence Duffy: Yes Dan, thats a great question. I want to ask Bryan to chime in on this. To talk a little bit more about, because youve been leading this effort along with John. So Bryan, maybe you can chime in a little bit.
Bryan Durkin: Thank you, Terry. We are not skipping a beat since our last chat on our last earnings call in terms of integrating the businesses. I think a very formidable part of this is the sales effort. So you heard Terry allude to earlier, how we really integrated our sales teams. Were speaking with one voice as were able to go out and engage with our client base and help them drive solutions to meet their risk management needs across both the cash, the futures as well as the optimization services that we offer and thats resonating very strongly. Whats very exciting for us is the introduction into some other quadrants within the banking community, particularly in the regional banking sector, which is an area that weve not quite have the engagement on the core futures side of the business and thats offering up more opportunities, again across our entire portfolio. So we are very excited about how the sales efforts have come together and how were able to cohesively represent the offerings that we have.
Terrence Duffy: John?
John Pietrowicz: Yes, thank you, Terry. Dan, its interesting, we had a call just yesterday with the sales team. To give you kind of a tangible example, triResolve which is working on providing our clients help in terms of the initial margin calculations that theyre going to have to do about 300 come due at this current year and followed by the following year with about 700 more clients between 20 and 2021. They were educating all the entire sales team about what this offering is so that our entire sales force and can help sell that product to all of our clients. So really, its being able to sit down and talk about the entire suite of services. As Terry mentioned, were about managing risk and were able to then sit down and offer them whether its, whether its on the futures side providing risk management through the clearinghouse or whether its on the cash side, offering risk management on the with our optimization business. So its really, its kind of interesting as a great example. In terms of being on the call and having the  them walk through this campaign that were working on across the entire sales force, Sean?
Sean Tully: Yes, I mean one specific, Dan will be helpful. So SOFR, I talked briefly earlier and Terry talked briefly earlier about our great success in terms of SOFR futures, 58,000 contracts a day in the month of September about 50,000 contracts a day, so far this month. If you think about the BrokerTec business, its a $260 billion worth of U.S. Repo every day. So our BrokerTec repo team is on the phone with those repo desk literally everyday. Those are the same traders who needed to hedge their risk in SOFR during the month of September. So it was very easy to have that BrokerTec team who has the largest U.S. repo business that exists, talk to their clients and sell them into our SOFR futures, which are now I think a very significant success. If you look at the SOFR futures today, during the month of September, we ran at around 83% of the average daily volume and were currently running 93% or 94% of the open interest of the marketplace. So its a clear opportunity where were already getting those opportunities in the synergies.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Dan for your questions.
Dan Fannon: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Herbert with Citi.
Ben Herbert: Hi, good morning.
Terrence Duffy: Good morning, Ben.
Ben Herbert: I was just hoping that you could touch on the non-US volume strength in the quarter and kind of help us think through organic efforts to expand the high customer base versus just overall macro and geopolitical uncertainty.
Terrence Duffy: Ben. Thank you for that question, Ill ask Bryan to again address that as he does head up the International business. Bryan?
Bryan Durkin: You know, as we noted, this is one of our top quarters in terms of producing activity, volume, and revenues out of international. Our international activity grew by 40%. Were generating from this past quarter 5.3 million contracts of our total volume. EMEA represented about a 34% increase of 3.8 million contracts a day and Asia, which were very excited about 1.2 million contracts, their activity was up about 61%. As Ive mentioned in past visits with all of you. Weve really chartered our focus on our country planning, so that we can more deeply penetrate the activities across the quadrants within each of these regions and its definitely resonating with the marketplace. I can break it down by product within financials, equities, commodities, where that activity is coming up. And so, through those sales efforts, as weve indicated, having the boots on the ground, being able to offer is the broad array of asset classes. We are continuing to see great growth coming out of all of these regions, new clients coming into our existing products. One of the major drivers for the last quarter was our interest rates. And so when we talk about our two year treasury complex for example, there is different segments that are driving that growth coming out of Europe versus coming out of Asia and that goes to the efficacy again of the sophistication of our sales team being able to reach out to those very specific segments and bringing them in, to these markets.
John Pietrowicz: Just talk a little bit about the international growth as it relates to the tax deduction that were taking. Really, its another benefit to the strategy we have of growing globally. Our ability to take this tax deduction really is because weve chosen to service our foreign clients from the United States. So to the extent that were continuing to grow globally and as Bryan indicated that that growth is faster outside the U.S. and the  then within the U.S., we are able to take advantage of this tax deduction. So its another benefit to growing globally and also were able to, as we grow globally, were able to utilize our systems 24 hours a day and provide our clients better and better liquidity 24 hours a day. So it really  its able to leverage all the infrastructure that we have and really allow us to create that liquidity, so when an event happens any time day or night, we are the place to manage that risk.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks for your question, Ben.
Ben Herbert: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Great, thanks. Good morning, folks. If I may kind of link the combination of the sales forces question with some organic growth initiatives that you have got and the question is your outlook of the potential for improving volumes from things like the FASB rules on MBS hedging, traction with your portfolio or I guess how the portfolio margining savings are resonating with clients? And also the international traction, so linking that together with the combination of sales force, can you sort of potentially see sort of a, you know, an elevated, an improvement in volumes from those initiatives combined with the now combination of the two sales forces?
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Brian. Let me turn that to Sean and then Bryan can add in a little bit. Sean, why dont you add them starting?
Sean Tully: Yes, I mean if you look at insurance companies overall there has been increased usage of our Treasury bond futures in particular over the last couple of years. And as you know, weve seen great growth in our treasury futures complex and as well our treasury options complex. In addition to that in terms of the portfolio margin, we are very excited about the significant increase in uptake over the last year. In October, we reached a new all-time record in terms of portfolio margining saving market participants, $5.7 billion worth of margins. That will help us to lead to very strong growth, as well in our OTC clearing. If you look at our OTC clearing volumes for example, this year, overall, total volumes across all currencies in all products running about 136 billion a day, up 29% from last year. So a very significant increase and again with a very large set of participants  increased number of participants taking greater advantage of portfolio margining. On the portfolio margining front as well, we have recently announced that we are enhancing  enhancing our portfolio margining efficiencies. We will be doing that in the month of November. In terms of that, that will make it even more efficient than it is today to trade Eurodollar futures as a spread  as a spread, excuse me, to U.S. dollar interest rate swaps. And so we continuously enhance all of our services. Weve enhanced the efficiencies on OTC clearing, it is showing through as much greater growth and it takes time for participants to sometimes take advantage of all of the new products and services, all of the new enhancements that we create, but over time they do, and thats an example of where they are.
Bryan Durkin: I will just comment from the international perspective. Capital efficiency is of paramount importance to our user community, particularly on the banking sector as well as the buy side. Our activities throughout, EMEA and Asia, particularly looking at the interest rate quadrant, we have seen tremendous growth coming out of the banking sector as well as hedge funds. A lot of this has been driven out of Singapore, Japan and Australia. The same thing holds true in terms of on the EMEA side so throughout Europe. We are seeing triple-digit growth coming out of the hedge fund community in our rates and almost triple-digit growth coming out of the banks thats being driven out of the UK, some areas, the Czech Republic, something very interesting. Youve heard me talk about the country planning and highlighting the Netherlands and Switzerland. Those areas right now are number two and number three in terms of our drivers of growth coming out of EMEA. And again, thats driven out of the interest rate sector.
Brian Bedell: Okay, thanks very much. Ill get back in the queue for another one.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Brian.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Michael Carrier: Good morning, guys and thanks for taking the question. John, just given some of the near-term volume concerns, yet obviously a solid quarter. Maybe can you just give us an update on how you are thinking about expenses in the near term, maybe areas of more flexibility, some of the weakness continues. And then any investment needs on the horizon? Thanks.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Mike. I think, as we have always talked about, there is a couple of line items that really kind of fluctuate based on business performance. One of them is obviously our bonus fluctuates based on business performance, and then our license fees, you really are about three quarters of our license fees are attributable to the equity complex. So sustained downturns in business performance and in the equities will impact our expenses, you know, as I said in when we had this call in April, when we had a bit of a slow period at that point, this is not a lever that we want to pull prematurely. So you know there is always ebbs and flows as weve talked about on this call in terms of volume. So we want to be very careful that we dont squeeze too tightly and impact future growth. So we are always very focused on managing the business extremely efficiently. So we are always very careful with every dollar we spend but we dont want to impact future growth by prematurely squeezing even harder. You know, in terms of, in terms of our go-forward investment were constantly investing in the business. Were investing right now in the build out of Globex to migrate from the legacy NEX infrastructure into our Globex infrastructure. So we are right now having a double carrying costs as we build out the test environment, build out the capacity and capabilities in Globex while running a production system for NEX and then once that ultimately is completed then, well be able to decommission the legacy NEX infrastructure. So we are constantly investing in the business. Were investing in providing our customers the best experience, you know, as we move BrokerTec and EBS onto Globex, we can capture some of the revenue synergies that weve been talking about and also make sure that were constantly giving our clients the very best trading and risk management experience.
Michael Carrier: Alright. Thanks for the color.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Mike.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Mike
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good morning. Maybe just one on this joint recommendation that was written by some large banks and asset managers last week, with respect to CCP management standards and one of the suggestions that was in the paper was around skin in the game. It feels like a topic that comes up every couple of years here, but the paper suggested, I think CCPs should put up 20% of the default fund, I know that number keeps fluctuating around. But can you just talk about, can you just talk about the regulators and thinking about this topic and whether or not you think that the regulators have appetite or like how far up on their priority list would be releasing some new CCP management standards going forward?
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Kyle. Its Terry. Ill comment little bit. And Ill ask Sunil and maybe Bryan to comment as well. We are  we were a little surprised obviously to see that paper dropped the way it did. Theres a lot of things in there that weve been discussing for a number of years going back probably to 2011, 2012. There are a couple of new issues in there that we had never heard from the signatories about this before, especially on that the skin in the game percentages the way they put it in two different levels, as you know, CME has skin in the game and Sunil can explain it better than I, but we are first in the waterfall. One of the things about skin in the game, we have to be very, very careful from  we believe that people who introduce risk to the system should be putting in the money for the system. We are here to manage the risk, we dont introduce the risk. And so, those that are bringing the most of risk should be putting in money for the default fund. We dont want to have smaller participants that are trying to hedge their crops and do other business throughout the world. Production, so get into a situation where they could get hurt because theyre the smaller participants and the bigger ones introduce too much risk to the system, but dont want to put the money up. So thats a bit of a concern for us, but its also a bit of a moral hazard for lack of a better term, when you are the first line of defense with a large number of people could look at you as a moral hazard knowing that full well that you are the first line of defense on the default as the CCP. We dont think that is good for risk management practices. So we dont subscribe to that. There were some other provisions in there, one on new products that I found very disturbing. I think when you look at new products. If there is not a new product candidates exchange without some kind of zero in front of it. We create liquidity, we nurture it, we build it, we risk management quite differently. So I was surprised to see some of the, the rhetoric that came out in that paper associated with that. The last thing that Ill comment on is as it relates to a vote that the participants would have to see if they want to participate. Once a default happens, we are very concerned because of their positions that they could have in the market and then having a vote associated with it. We think that it can be definitely an inherent conflict of interest for the other participants which I referenced earlier. Your other question was do the regulators have an appetite to address this. Its not for me to speak for the regulators. You have to talk to them to decide what their appetite is. I have been in communication as has Bryan and other members of my team working with the Commission, explaining the  the issues that I just explained to you or otherwise I wouldnt have said them to you right now in this call, so I have discussed everything Ive said to you with the regulators and our concerns associated thereof. And I think they are very well aware of them, and thats all I can say, but I cannot speak for the regulators.
Kyle Voigt: Thank you.
Bryan Durkin: Sure.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Kyle.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hello. Good morning, everybody. Question for you guys around the equity futures business, definitely strong traction from some of the new products. Can you talk a little bit about when the incentives are set to expire here and as we sort of think about the more normalized capture rates in these buckets again kind of holding maybe the mix of volumes constant, kind of where should the capture rate for the equity franchise, what should that sort of look like once these sort of fee waivers go away?
John Pietrowicz: Sure. Thanks, Alex. This is John and then I will pass it over to Sean. We have been very, very pleased with the performance of the micros far exceeded our expectations. In Q2, we had about 8% of the total trading volume was in our equity complex was related to micros that increased to about 16% this quarter. So what does that mean in terms of the rate per contract and net that we had about a $0.05 downward pressure on our rate per contract related to the Micros in the second quarter and about $0.10 impact this quarter. But the good, the positive thing is that this is all additive to our revenue, we dont think that there is any cannibalization of our business. So this is really kind of new revenue for us, so very, very pleased with the performance. Sean?
Sean Tully: The only thing I would add is that we did have a very aggressive incentive program initially, and that is waning off. And the incentives will be a bit lower starting next month. Even lower than this month, but only a bit lower. So but we will keep some incentives in place in order to retain the very strong liquidity. So youre seeing probably now and youll see in the next quarter, something more like the RPC or the net RPC that we expect in that product. Nothing to remind you of in terms of the cannibalization or and  again, we believe that its, its not cannibalization. Were 50,000 accounts as I said earlier, trading the product, the average trade is 2.65 contract, so much smaller than  and E-mini, recall that micros are one-tenth the size. So the average trade is about 25% of an E-mini. So that tells you that this is in addition to that, on the pricing, just as a reminder. For members is $0.04 a contract. So on a E-mini equivalent thats $0.40 versus a rack rate for a member in our E-minis is $0.35, so a nice premium. In addition to that for non-members our E-minis trade at $1.18 per contract. Whereas these are $0.20 so multiply by 10, thats $2. So they are also priced at a significant premium on a risk adjusted basis.
John Pietrowicz: Yes, Alex, this is John. So just to give you an idea, the average RPC for the E-minis has gone up from about $0.05 to about $0.08 currently. About Micro, Im sorry, not the minis, but micros.
Alex Blostein: Right. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Alex.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you. Good question, Alex.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning . There was a Wall Street Journal article out this morning with regard to Eurodollars in data. Does quoted  the quoting size issue highlighted impact all asset classes or was this just a Eurodollar phenomenon and does the data phenomenon have any impact on volumes. If so, which direction I couldnt quite tell. And if you could. Could you take a guess on magnitude.
Terrence Duffy: Yes, Ken, thanks. I assume like  were answering a lot of questions from the press these days, and there are articles theyre written off. Bryan, why dont you go ahead and address the Eurodollar.
Bryan Durkin: Ill address the messaging program and policy perspective in terms of you had asked if we have programs in place to address how our users utilize the technology and the access into our Globex platform. We do have a messaging policy that applies to all of our product complexes and its calibrated based upon how these markets trade. We are very sophisticated in terms of our understanding of messaging and messaging ratio is to transactions. So its a very transparent policy that weve had in place. We did see a  a dynamic occur over the course of the last few weeks in terms of messaging increasing significantly. We got on top of that. We addressed our policy, we had introduced an enhancement to the policy dealing with excessive messaging and that has addressed the conduct that we have seen. So were pleased with the actions that weve undertaken to ensure that behavior thats coming in, messaging thats coming into our system and our infrastructure is appropriate for the overall marketplace in general.
Terrence Duffy: Ken thank you for your question. And I think Bryan summed it up very, very well . I couldnt add much more to that, but I cant underscore enough that the policy change that we have made, including our market REC division is very important. Weve talked with the participants in the marketplace, weve addressed these issues. They understand our concerns. It doesnt benefit anybody by people trying to circumvent with the messaging traffic. So I think that were in a much better place than we were before. I dont believe our procedures, our policies in the past were flawed. I just think that we  you need to amend these things once in a while. And thats exactly what we did. So I think thats what the article was reflecting. So hopefully that answers your question.
Ken Worthington: Great, thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Campbell with Barclays.
Jeremy Campbell: Hey, thanks, guys and thanks for the color earlier around Richs question around the absolute level of rates and the reset of volumes, but Im also getting some more specific questions from accounts about the impact of the Feds Open Market bond purchases on OI and volumes in the rates business. Now I know that the recent kind of Quasi QE has been named at more stabilized in the repo market and theres been obviously a lot going on seven years to 10 years ago during the short grounds of QE from a regulatory macro context as well. So, Terry and Sean, you talked earlier about risk management in the rates business, but at the current level of QE or if we get like an escalation of QE in the next couple of years. How should we, one, think about the need for risk management in a QE-driven lower rate evolve world. Two, maybe what the impact could be on OI and volumes and I guess, three, if there is any parallels, we can draw by looking at  at what CMEs kind of prior experience was during prior QE cycles.
Terrence Duffy: Yes its great question, Jeremy. I want to turn it to John and then Ill jump in, when he is done.
John Pietrowicz: Yes, thank you, Jeremy. In terms of the Feds most recent activity, is purchase of T-bills as well as its entrants into the repo market. Clearly that is in order to stabilize the amount of liquidity available for overnight borrowing and lending, relative to the jump that the Federal Reserve, the marketplace experienced in September. So the Federal Reserve, if you recall, prior to the financial crisis was very active on a daily basis in the repo market in order to make sure that it has the right level of reserves in order to target the Fed funds rate. If you look at all of these recent actions in terms of Federal Reserves entering the overnight repo, the term repo and the purchase of T-bills. This is also they can target the overnight rate. Thats not changing and it really does not impact the long part of the curve. It doesnt impact anything but their ability to target the overnight rate. If you think about it. With the advent of the financial crisis and the huge quantity easing that they did during the financial crisis, it grew their balance sheet tremendously and a lot of uncertainty from the Federal Reserve on how to get that overnight rate into the time zone that they want it. So these are additional tools that theyre using, just to make sure that that overnight rate is about where they want it, it doesnt change the volatility in the FOMC in terms of changing their target rate, it doesnt change that whatsoever, which is really what a lot of our products go to. So I dont see it having a big impact. In terms of previous experience. If you look at. Yes. From the very early part of the financial crisis and the early part of Zero Interest Rate Policy, our volumes were challenged, no question, probably from 09 to 12 relative to the implosion of bank balance sheets. For example, however, if you look at our experience since 2012 even during Zero Interest Rate Policy, we grew our interest rate business tremendously and I think, I can underline tremendously. If you look at today. For example, were running and this is statistic, youve heard me talk about on earnings calls for last few years back in 2012. We were running about 45% of the average daily volume of the US treasury cash market in terms of our treasury futures. Today, Im happy to say, were a new all-time record of 121% in terms of our treasury futures relative to the cash treasury bond market. So we, weve shown right that we can continue to grow, we grew our open interest. We grew the number of large open interest holders. We grew our volumes relative to the underlying cash market throughout Zero Interest Rate Policy. And will  and again, I think I said earlier, my job and I know Derek. Derek feels the same way. Our jobs are to grow our complexes in any market environment, now through innovation are making our products more attractive.
Terrence Duffy: You know, I will just add a little bit. I think, Sean summed it up very, very well. But, I think when we look back at 08, 09 and 10, when we were creating and Sean and his team were creating new products to mitigate risk and rates, a lot of people, so what are you doing? Everybody else thought the geopolitical fundamental factors in the marketplace, they waited for that to change for their business to grow. Thats not what we did. So even during all the quantitative easing and these rates going to historic lows, we grew the business that Sean pointed out with all the new products he introduced. So Im quite confident that with the trillions of dollars of exposure thats out there and the whole host of different durations associated with lending today that we have to continue to innovate and thats exactly what we did the last 10 years, to give the numbers that Sean just raised a moment ago. So thats the way I look at the next several years. Well continue to look at what the needs of the market are to mitigate their risk, no matter what the price of the Fed lending rate will be because we know theres trillions of dollars out there that needs to be managed. So Im quite optimistic about that business. Thank you.
Jeremy Campbell: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. So you announced the divestitures of some businesses like NEX Exchange, NEX Treasury and so could you please size the revenue and expense impact of those businesses for us. And do you have any timing of the sale or you are still in the process to look for buyers. And additionally, you also expect to realize $30 million expense synergy this year up $5 million, but maintain the run rate at $50 million. What was driving that acceleration of the expense synergies realization. Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks. Thanks, Owen. Ill let John go ahead and address that.
John Pietrowicz: Yes, thanks, Owen. Yes. Lets talk about kind of the businesses that that weve acted on. ENSO closed at the beginning of the  of October. NEX Exchange and NEX Treasury, we anticipate closing in the fourth quarter and then we have [indiscernible] which is a platform in Italy that we are winding down. So when we look at the forecast for 2020. The impact on revenue was about $15 million. The impact on direct costs were about $25 million. So those are at a forecasted loss of around $10 million. So those are  those weve all, weve acted on  on all of those businesses. With regard to the  with regard to the synergies, we did increase our  the amount we realized in terms of synergies this year and really, its a function of the great work that you know that the management team has done in terms of managing the integration. We were able to make some of the office moves faster than we had originally anticipated, which allowed us to capture some of those synergies earlier than we anticipated. So we actually realize more synergies this year and were well on track for achieving the $50 million run rate synergies by the end of this year and thats net of, as I mentioned previously, we do have a double carry in terms of infrastructures, where we have a, the NEX legacy infrastructure as well as the Globex infrastructure running in parallel in anticipation of that migration of BrokerTec in and EBS. So really as Terry indicated in his prepared remarks. very, very pleased with the way the integration has been going and really excited about kind of the future of our business with NEX.
Owen Lau: Thats very helpful, thank you very much.
John Pietrowicz: Sure. Thanks, Owen.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Owen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Thanks guys. Can you talk a little bit about your expectations for the next-gen EBS platform and then how is this platform different from Globex?
Terrence Duffy: Right. Why dont we have Sean and Bryan discuss that real quick, Sean?
Sean Tully: Sure. Very briefly in September, we did announce that we will be launching over the next 18 months, well be migrating clients from the current EBS Direct platform to what we call EBS QDM 2.0. The primary differences are much, much faster speed and much greater bandwidth. So these platforms are direct trading platforms between counterparties. And so the faster speed, the greater bandwidth gives  that gives much more efficient trading at much lower latency, which is very attractive to market participants. The other thing I will remind you. And so, again thats a rollout over 18 months, its going to take time, but at the moment, participants are consuming the data over the platform. Theyre not actually transacting and theyre doing that in order to test the performance of the system before it is used for actual trading and the performance results so far very pleasing relative to both their and our expectations. The other thing on that platform that we have that you should be well aware of is the analytics that allow customers to continuously revise the way they execute their trades and to optimize it for lower costs. So were very excited about the enhancements that we are making to the EBS technologies as well as the other technologies that we are  that we inherited from the NEX businesses. Bryan?
Bryan Durkin: Major value driver of all of this is moving all of these markets and to Globex without a doubt and engaging with our client base and the most active users of EBS. There is a great deal of enthusiasm and the migration to the Globex platform. I think, its fair to say that the EBS platform was due for some substantial upgrades prior to our acquisition and so the ability now to have the benefits of infrastructure that theyre already used to being able to migrate now these markets onto that platform and as were doing it, were enhancing functional attributes that they need it and want it for some time. Were also reducing the complexity in terms of how order messaging comes into the platform and how those orders are received by the matching engine. So its very important for us to be actively engaged with the client base as were going through this integration process. The feedback that were getting so far is extremely positive.
Chris Harris: Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks for your question, Chris.
Operator: Thank you.. Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with the Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Great, thanks for taking my follow-up. Just one clarification on the tax rate. John is that 23.5% is that a good run rate to consider also for 2020?
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Great, great question, Brian, its a function of what we think the business is going to be looking like in 2020. But really, the tax benefit that were getting this quarter, we anticipate that continuing until  until 2025, where it gets you know, decreases by about a third. So were anticipating a tax benefit of 40  between $45 million and $50 million per year, obviously subject to any potential tax law changes is subject to the finalization of the regulations, which we dont anticipate changing. So this benefit that were getting in terms of servicing our international customers outside of the US from within the US is an ongoing benefit for us and well provide the effective tax rate guidance going into our fourth quarter call in February. So very, very, very pleased with our international growth and international expansion. Our strategy of growing globally again is benefited through our tax situation.
Brian Bedell: Okay, thats helpful. And then maybe if I could just throw in on one aspect of my  of my first question and that was just the, your guys view or maybe Sean could comment on this, on the FASB hedge accounting rules. And I think Bryan, you mentioned, regional banks are now, youve been able to penetrate the regional bank community, a little bit better with the combined sales force. So just thinking about what banks may do in particular. Now that the hedge accounting has been relaxed, which I think allows MBS hedging  more MBS hedging, if Im right on that.
John Pietrowicz: Yes the  certainly the action that the FASB has taken has really made it certainly much more easier and efficient from a financial reporting perspective to for utilization of our products. I think really, this is really I think more on the margins than it is a kind of a major driver of activity because at the end of the day, its really the economic impacts that people are concerned about rather than the financial reporting, which does have some impact, but I think, its more on the margins. I dont know, Sean, do you.
Sean Tully: Hi John, I dont think I have much to add there, I mean in addition to that Brian, its, we wouldnt be able to track what impact thats having very closely, probably, again a small positive marginal benefit.
Brian Bedell: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you, Brian
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, thanks for taking my follow-up, just curious if you could, if you could give us an update on the net investment income line. Just the total cash collateral like average in the quarter and your basis point fee, youre generating on that. And then if we get another cut from the Fed, and just how that net fee rate will likely move going forward.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Great. Im glad you asked because I have been studying this so. So anyway, Kyle. So taking a look at the non-operating portion of our section, you could  of our income statement, you can see that, its gone up about $5 million and really, its a function of a couple of primarily two things, one is we did have a sequential increase of about $2 million related to cash on deposit at the  at the Clearinghouse and that was partially offset by lower returns that we got on those balances and the balances increased about on average, the average balances increased about $3.8 billion, so it went from about on average $25.6 billion in the second quarter to about $29 billion, up $29.5 billion in the third quarter, the amount of return we got went from about 34 basis points to 32 basis points from Q2 to Q3. So in total, it was a sequential increase of about $2 million. We did have a change in our  in the amount we charge for non-cash collateral, which is in the other income section of our  Im sorry, the other revenue section of our income statement and that increased sequentially about $10 million. So thats not in the other income section but up of another other revenue. The other main driver of the non-operating section of our income statement is lower interest expense. Thats down about $2.3 million and thats really a function of, thats really a function of lower  lower balances, lower debt balances, weve been focused on paying down our debt. So those are the two main drivers in the other non-operating income section of our income statement. I do want to point out, we did have a reclass from investment income of about $3 million to equity and non  equity earnings and non-consolidated or unconsolidated subsidiaries and that is really related to legacy NEX investments. So that will now be recorded in equity earnings and unconsolidated subsidiaries. So those are the main drivers.
Kyle Voigt: Thats great, thank you. If I could just ask one more, just on your balance sheet. I think you have about $400 million of CP outstanding right now. If Im calculating that correctly. Do you anticipate paying down that commercial paper completely by the end of the year, or maybe just timing there. Im just trying to get a sense of how much of your  your cash flow would be available for the annual variable dividend this year. Thanks.
John Pietrowicz: Yes, sure. Yes, we dont. We dont give out guidance on that. So just to kind of walk down our capital structure, we had about $1.3 billion cash on hand  was comfortable with the $700 million minimum cash balance, were comfortable at that  that level. We have $1.3 billion cash on hand. Weve got $3.9 billion in total debt of which we have $435 million in commercial paper and were currently sitting at a 1.2 times debt to EBITDA as we paid down about $0.5 billion in debt since the first of the year. In terms of when you look at modeling the fourth quarter, generally. We do have one of our larger cash builds. Obviously, its subject to business performance in the fourth quarter. We dont have pension funding as we pre-funded that in 2017. So if you look at historical cash trends, we usually have a pension funding, but like I said, we mentioned  we pre-funded that in 2017. So we will not have one in 2019. We anticipate lower than historical tax payments as a result of the tax change. So that will have a fairly significant impact in terms of the cash flows in  then in the fourth quarter, which will be a benefit in terms of cash generation in the fourth quarter. We do have a bond interest payment in the fourth quarter and AP tends to be higher in Q4. And we also have a dividend in December. So those are some kind of puts and takes to help in terms of modeling the cash flow in the fourth quarter. In terms of the actual pay down of the commercial paper, were not giving any guidance on that.
Kyle Voigt: Okay, thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Kyle.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Richard Repetto with Sandler ONeill.
Richard Repetto: Yes, hi, Terry and John, just one quick last follow-up. The retail e-brokers went to zero commissions on the equity and ETF trades, and I know the futures trades are still a premium. I guess in retail, I think its been a good part of your volume and you mentioned that before. I think it was 10% or somewhere around there. But anyway, do you expect to see any impact, I know, you offer some, what you call benefits to futures trading on for that retail account. You cant get in equities as well. So how do you see the balance and that the zero commission impacting your, the retail side of your business.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Rich. Ill let Bryan touch on that and then Ill give a comment.
Bryan Durkin: Thanks, Rich. Our retail partners continue to look to us for products, education, sales and our marketing efforts to help them grow and expand their client opportunities, weve developed some very strong partnerships in this regard over the last several years and its been very fortuitous in terms of a growing segment, as you well know business for us. They look to us for one, liquidity in the products that we offer. The margin efficiencies and leverage offered in our futures versus the other alternatives. And then our 24/7 global access to our liquidity that in concert with the education efforts that weve undertaken with them has allowed us to help them grow their user base significantly in terms of focusing them toward certain asset classes and products. Through these efforts, I appreciate through Julie Winklers sales team and her marketing effort. Weve been very dedicated to our retail growth efforts. Weve been successful in generating over 90,000 new retail futures traders in this year alone. Just to break that down a little bit. Our retail average daily volume today is about 734,000 contracts in Q3, which is up 34% and out of this. Were very excited to say 49% growth coming out of EMEA and 26% of this is coming out of Asia. When you look at the product innovation perspective, we rely heavily on this Group as well in terms of addressing their increased demand for example for the Micro E-minis and the efforts that have come out of that. Its one of our most successful product launches as Sean and Terry have outlined. And on the education front, we continue to work very collaboratively in providing education and marketing efforts to grow that knowledge base of our products and our most recent success area. Its been an area of consistent focus for the last two years is in options. Our options growth through from this community has been tremendous. So when you take a look at the total cost of trade from perspective given all of the above that I have just outlined, we are very confident in our retail clients and our partner firms and that will continue to look to our offerings.
Terrence Duffy: And Rich, just to add to that. I think Bryan summed it up quite well. But if you look at what some of the biggest retail brokers are saying that use our products today, they are saying, they are with some of their most valued clients that they have today. I think that thats an important statement that theyre making, thats not us making it, its that them making it, I dont want to reference it, in case, I dont mean to say their name, but at the same time, I dont want. I would not want to see retail brokers trying to push people into derivatives or futures that dont have a good understanding of them. Thats not what were all about when we talk about retail, we talk about sophisticated participants. And I think, thats a lot what these discount brokers have. So well continue the educational process, working with the retail brokers into our product line, but at the same time, because their business model may have shifted a little bit on zero commissions. We dont want to just pushing them into our markets so that they are not accustomed to.
Richard Repetto: Got it. Very well prepared answer, Terry and Bryan.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Bryan Durkin: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we have no further questions, so I will turn it back to management for closing comments.
Terrence Duffy: Well we thank you all very much. We look forward to talking to you over the next several weeks and well see you in next quarter. Those were my questions today.
John Pietrowicz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the CME Group third quarter 2019 earnings call. You may disconnect your phone lines and thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 20:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the CME Group Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'm going to start with the Safe Harbor language. Then I'll turn it over to Terry and John for brief remarks followed by questions. Other members of our management too will also participate. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. For detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in our filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Lastly, on the final page of our earnings release, you will find a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you, John and thank you all for joining us today. My comments today will be brief, so we can get right into your questions. We released our executive commentary this week morning which provided extensive details on the second quarter. In Q2, average daily volume grew to 21 million contracts per day, up 14% compared to last year. We had record quarterly average daily volume and agricultural products as well as interest rate, agriculture and metals options. Open interest reached an all-time high above 150 million contracts on June 13th. We continue to drive significant growth globally. During the second quarter, volume from outside the U.S. totalled a record 5.4 million contracts that included 28% growth from Asia and 22% growth in Europe. We continue to see success on the innovation front with the launch of our new micro e-mini contracts which began on May 6th. During June, we averaged more than 400,000 contracts per day, making this the most successful new product launch in the history of CME. We're also pleased with how the next integration process is going so far. We have made great progress combining our sales forces as they begin to jointly engage with clients. We remain laser-focused on this very strategic transaction and look forward to keeping you updated with our progress. With that, I'm going to turn the call over to John to provide some additional comments and then we'll take your questions.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Terry. We've reached number of milestones this quarter as we continue the integration process. We've completed the first phase of staffing to combined business, we move the majority of the legacy NEX businesses to our administrative systems, which will enable the streamlining of internal support functions. We moved the legacy NEX employees to our new facility in London. We consolidated our Hong Kong offices, and are on track to consolidate our offices in London and New York by year end. We are actively working at data center consolidations, systems consolidations, and the customer migration of BrokerTec, which was announced -- will be in Q4 2020 and EBS in 2021 to Globex. Based on our progress with the integration and our overall strong expense discipline, we are reducing our full-year operating expense guidance by $10 million to a range of $1.64 to $1.65 billion.  With that short summary, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Based on the number of analysts covering us, please limit yourself to one question and then feel free to jump back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator instructions] We will now take our first question from Rich Repetto from Sandler O'Neill. Please
Rich Repetto: Good morning Terry, good morning, John and team. I guess the first question will be more general, but I'm sure we've all heard about the LSE, potential LSE and Refinitiv transaction. And I guess Terry Im just trying to get your thoughts. It seems like these players are going after, they dont have the dominant position that the CME has in derivative products and it looks like they are expanding with data. But Im just trying to see what your thoughts are. Does it have an impact on the CME and how does it affect the exchanges -- industry overall if there was a combination of LSE and Refinitiv.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks Rich, I'll make a few comments and maybe John, Bryan or anybody else Sean may want to join in as well. I think these are not new ideas, new products, I mean they've been out there for a while, they've been out there competing with different participants, we dont compete a lot with them. We're little under fringes. So, we're not overly concerned about the announced transaction. I think that when we talk about M&A activity, we always said cross-border transactions are very difficult to accommodate and to get done, I think there is a long way to go on this process, so we'll have to wait and see. As I said in my opening comments, we're laser focused on integrating the next business and that's what our focus is going to remain. As far as other things that compete with CME. Again, Rich, I just don't see it any different than it was prior to the announcement, but my colleagues may see it a little different, John.
John Pietrowicz: No, I agree. This really doesn't change the competitive landscape for us and there is long time between when this potential transaction gets announced and gets done. Obviously, we will be watching but I think from our perspective doesn't change the competitive landscape.
Terrence Duffy: Does that help, Rich.
Rich Repetto: Yes, it does. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We will now move to our next question from Dan Fannon from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. John and I guess my questions is on kind of expenses and or also the integration, you talked about all the things you've got done, you reduced the expense guidance, but it looks like the revenue, the expense synergy number for this year is unchanged and maybe if you could talk about that more broadly or what's driving the reduction in actual expenses versus the synergies. Then also it's kind of update us on the - kind of potential revenue synergy opportunity with NEX and you talked about the sales force integration, but maybe how that's going or any tangible kind of comments around some successes.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Dan. We are very pleased with how the integration is going. We have done a lot, combining the businesses in the short time, we've owned it. So, very pleased with that. In terms of the synergy number, we've achieved about 60% of the $50 million in synergies, you know most of that occurred right at the end of Q2. So, we're continuing to work through it. To give you an idea when we acquired NEX, there was not a very integrated business. So, the integration process is complex and we continue to work through it, but we will update you as we go but we're very confident in terms of hitting the 50 million and the entire management team is focused on running the business, our core business as efficiently as we can and running the integration process as efficiently as we can. We can accelerate the synergies and we certainly will. And I think we've got a high degree of confidence going into the 50 million and we continue to look at ways to accelerate that. Bryan, do you want to comment.
Bryan Durkin: I would just note that we're reaching out to the client base in the context of sticking to the timelines that we initially announced with the overall migration, particularly with BrokerTec we've held client sessions now across the regions. We've received some great feedback in terms of the overall integration plan. We did a major BrokerTec code draft internally that allows our systems to interface with each other thats a good indication of our ability to deliver on the timeline that we've committed to our client base and to all of you. So, the initial feedback, initial read in terms of migration on the Globex has been very positively received.
Terrence Duffy: John, anything else add to that.
John Pietrowicz: I think I read just under what Bryan said, right. We're doing an enormous amount of education of the two sales forces to ensure that there's -- the cross-selling is happening. The EVS and BrokerTec sales forces have great contacts. That are new in many cases for CME Group, we're educating them on our core products. And we're getting that cross-selling process, and likewise, in the other direction. In addition to that, as Bryan mentioned, we have had customer forms in regard to the migration of BrokerTec to Globex. We had one in New York, Chicago, London, Singapore, and Hong Kong, and each of them were extremely well received. Clients are in general, very happy with our outreach, very happy with the progress, very happy with the plan.
Bryan Durkin: So just circle back, pardon me Dan. You'd asked about the expense reduction and how much of that was relative to synergies versus the rest of the business. It's actually both that's allowed us to drive our expense guidance downward. If you recall, when we made the initial expense guidance at the beginning of this year it already had a very low embedded expense growth rate and was in a very tight range. So, it really shows excellent expense management across the entire business that allows us to lower the expense guidance.
Terrence Duffy: Does that help, Dan.
Dan Fannon: Yes. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: We will now move on to our next question from Ben Herbert from Cit. Please go ahead.
Ben Herbert: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. My question just on
John Pietrowicz: Good morning.
Ben Herbert: Good morning. The next group revenue decline sequentially, and it looks like it was maybe optimization and mostly create portfolio management driven. Just wondering if you could give some underlying details there around the drivers in that sequential decline? Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Sure, yes. Happy to do that. So, if you take a look at the transaction fee line. The next was down about $2 million. It was primarily due to the reset business. So, it's the transaction revenue associated with the optimization business. And part of that is reset. Reset has seasonality in its business and the first quarter is traditionally the highest quarter of the year in terms of revenue for reset. So that's what drove the sequential decline in the transaction revenue line. The other line, you see additional couple of million dollar decline there, that's primarily driven by the subleasing of space at the next headquarters building. We've since moved that the next employees to our new facility in London. So, we're no longer subleasing that space. So that's what drove the decline in revenue and there was a corresponding decline and expenses associated with that. So that's about $2 million as well. So that accounts for the reduction sequentially in the next revenue. If you look at the other revenue line, there's an additional $2 million sequential decline. And that was what we discussed last quarter, which was related to our inflation adjustment. It's done annually with B3 or formerly BM&FBOVESPA. So, if you look at that the entire sequential decline and the other revenue was down 4 million, 2 was related to the subleasing revenue. And 2 was related to the annual inflation adjustment that we talked about last quarter.
Ben Herbert: Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Ben.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeremy Campbell from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Campbell: Given the wild success here of micro e-mini in the equity complex. I mean, have you given any thought to micro sizing other asset classes? And if so, any color you can provide around what types of asset classes that might fit that and the typical length of a product development and go-to-market time? That will be helpful.
Terrence Duffy: Yes. I'll let Sean comment and maybe within Derek as well, obviously the two guys -- two business lines. So, Sean, you start.
Sean Tully: We're very excited obviously about the micro e-mini launch, the great launch in CME Group history. So, as you're probably aware of May 6th was the launch day, 461,000 contracts ADV over 40,000 Tag 50. So over 40,000 individual registered traders, more than 130 countries, we've had trades from more than 27 million contracts.  So, we're very excited about it. In addition to that, more than a 90% of the Tag 50 has trade less than 10 loss a day, which really means this is incremental revenue and incremental volume, incremental risk management on our platform. So, we're very excited about it. Now, there is no question. It was a great success and we're very excited about it. There's also no question, therefore, that we're looking at it very closely in regard to our other asset classes. However, you know, I think that equities are a unique asset class. And that the opportunity, they're probably unique, one that we worked on for a long time, but you know, we are looking very closely at our other asset classes and what the other opportunities might be. And I would stay tuned. But I don't have any current announcements.
Terrence Duffy: Derek, you want to comment on the energy.
Derek Sammann: Yes, I would say, picking up on Sean's point, I think when we were talking to clients about the desire and the need for a product that was more appropriately sized, given the increase in the overall equity market, that's a unique attribute of that equities contracts, that gets bigger as the market goes up. None of our other asset classes have a contract that scales that way. We actually have a micro gold contracts already, we did see a small lift and volumes up to I think 23,000 or 25,000 contracts that are but unique, drivers behind the need for customers to resize a contract for retail participants uniquely exist in equities. We have continued to engage with our retail partners and intermediary customers. And at this point, we're continuing to make sure that we're focused on our core product and solving client need where there are any inhibitors to access in our market. So, at this point, no, but we'll continue to talk to them.
Terrence Duffy: And let me just add one more thing, Jeremy, I think that these guys summed it up quite well. But all of -- we're very careful about how we ascribe the valuations to all of our contracts and their sizes and what the needs are for risk management purposes. And we just don't want to start to create new contracts that we think are micro small. So, we think there are a subset of people that would be attracted to them. We're driven by commercials. We do have retail participants, but they are professional in nature, we're not trying to attract somebody who has never traded futures before, and it has a day job. So, I think it's a little bit different when we talk about retail and these micro products versus what others might consider retail. So, I think both Sean and Derek summed it up well, the equity markets make complete sense, because of the valuation. We don't see that in the other asset classes that would make that demand pending right now.
Jeremy Campbell: Great, thank you,
Operator: Thank you. Our next question now comes from Chris Allen from Compass Point From. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris Allen:
John Pietrowicz: So, first of all, when you reference the first higher quarter, there was a higher audit piece associated with that quarter. And I believe that we spoke to that, during that call. Audits is going to continue to be a very sporadic and chunky indicator for us, as we've said, from the get-go, we had lower audits this year. This quarter, I have to say, but we have a number in the pipeline, and I can't speak further to that until those matters are resolved. With regards to the subscriber count, as you know, there is a strong focus on expense management across Wall Street. And we've seen a reduction in a number of our larger banks and some of our hedge funds. So, we're monitoring that area very closely. I also think you have to keep in mind the great growth that we've seen from a transactional perspective on the international side, where we utilize our market data very heavily, particularly for our growth throughout Asia, as well as our retail base. So, in summary, we're very pleased with the performance of some of the other portions of the market data business, particularly in our derived space, which we're continuing to see growth. And as I stated will monitor the subscriber base very closely.
Chris Allen: Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Chris. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Christian Bolus [ph] from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead the line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning all. Maybe this one is for Sean. So, Sean, despite I guess the Fed looking to cut rates, open interest growth in your career rates business has been pretty strong. So maybe some color on what you think is driving growth there. Also, we have seen, you know, pretty high levels of record amounts of treasury inventory being held by the dealers. I'm curious if that is if that has been an incremental driver of demand for your products as well.
Sean Tully: Sure, thank you for the questions. The interest rate business has done very well this year. And our innovation has continued to help to drive that growth. Our Ultra 10-Year, for example, now doing well over 200,000 contracts a day recently had a record all time volume day and a record old time open interest day with significantly faster growth in the overall complex. In terms of the environment, the Federal Reserve, as I'm sure you're aware has gone from -- or the market expectations, I should say, of the Federal Reserve have gone from expecting tightening to expecting easing. So, as you know, there is a Federal Reserve meeting happening today. And according to our Fed watch tool, which you can find on our website, there is a 78% chance of a 25 basis points tightening, sorry, easing today. And then in addition to that later in December, or by the end of the year, is expected that you can have a total of 75 basis points, where of easing by the Federal Reserve. The change in market expectations from expected tightening to expected easing, creates a lot of volatility, it creates a lot of risk. And it creates a lot of need for risk management and CME Group is where people go to manage the U.S. interest rate risk. So, our Fed Funds features have seen enormous growth on the back of the changes in expectations about Fed policy. And so, have our Treasury Futures. Treasury Futures continue to grow. One thing that we talked about is continuously making our futures complex. The foremost place -- this foremost, excuse me attractive place to manage risk. A change we made very early this year, for example, was in our 2-Year Notes futures. In our 2-Year Notes futures, we changed the minimum price increments. So, we reduced by half the minimum pricing from a two-year future. We reduced therefore, the cost to trade or the cost to cross that better offer spread by 50%. That was an extremely compelling move by market participants, decreasing their costs as they had this increasing need to managed risk relative to the changing rate environment I just talked about. In terms of that, our 2-Year Notes went from about 12.7% for our entire Treasury Futures complex to now almost 16% of our entire Treasury Futures complex. So, a huge increase in the 2-Year Notes relative to the rest of the complex, relative to improving our products on a continuous basis, and making them more attractive. On that front, we've been very excited over the last several years. We've spoken to many times over the last several years about our increasing penetration, our Treasury Futures. So, if you go back several years ago, our Treasury Futures are running about 55% of the average daily volume of the Treasury bond market according to segments [ph] data. We're currently at an all-time record of 117%. So, continues to increase as we continue to launch new products like the Ultra 10-Year future, which have been extremely successful, as well as adjust the existing product. Like our 2-Year Notes. Last thing, I'll mention on that front, we're excited about our Sulfur Futures launch. We're currently doing this month about 38,000 contracts a day, 220,000 contracts, open interest, over $770 billion from a national standpoint, 184 participants in that marketplace. So very excited about our innovation, we're very excited about the market uptake and continuously improving our products. And yes, the environment has been positive with the expected rate changes by the Federal Reserve.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you, Sean.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. We will move to our next question from Kyle Voigt from KBW. Please go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Hi. Good morning. Should I try one follow-up on the transaction? Could you comment whether this was a transaction that you look at? And if so, any reasoning regarding why you pass on the deal?
Terrence Duffy: Go ahead, John.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Hi, Kyle. We don't comment on M&A transactions. I think as you probably are aware, we as a company, we obviously are a leader in the space, and we monitor the space. But we are not going to comment on any specific transaction. I think Terry hit it on the head when he in his prepared remarks. We are very focused like a laser on the next integration. And we're very excited about the transaction that we consummated enclosed in November.
Kyle Voigt: Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: All right. Thanks Kyle.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kramm from UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Just wanted to quickly come back to the micro success, and particularly around pricing. I don't know, if you commented on this call, but obviously months ago you disclose kind of the RPC that business is running at and obviously pretty low as we expected, but I think on a risk-adjusted basis, it's still lower than your core products. So, I think the expectations was, it's retail, it's small, it's going to be a premium product on a risk-adjusted basis. So maybe talk about the customer mix kind of like how you're supporting that business with market maker incentives and how quickly may be that RPC can ramp as that product gain more traction. Thanks.
John Pietrowicz: Thank you for that. So, it might be helpful just to give you the rack sheet or the pricing sheet that's also available on our website. So, our e-mini futures for members, we charge $0.35, our micros we charge $0.04, the micro contract is 10 times the size. So, on a risk-adjusted basis, the micro is $0.40 relative to the $0.35 that we charge on the e-minis. Likewise, for non-members, if you again look at our website, you can see that our micro e-minis, we charge $0.20 contract for the equivalent of $2 in terms of an e-mini, whereas the e-minis themselves are charged at $1.18. So, you see that they are certainly charged at a significant premium. Nonetheless with the launch that we have and wanting to make sure that our clients have the best possible customer experience on day one, we do spend money on incentives for the first several months of a new contract. As you can imagine, we did incent market makers for the first several months and we felt that that was a positive and necessary investment and I think it's shown there has been a very good investment. However, clearly once the marketplace is up and running and it has its own momentum in critical mass, those market-making incentive programs will no longer be necessary. So, you should see an improvement in the RPC and that product as we move forward.
Terrence Duffy: Does that help, Alex?
Alex Kramm: Yes, I mean I guess, if there is any expectation on timing, you never know when a marketplace is self-sustainable. But you know is this a few more quarters or do you think it can ramp pretty quickly as I guess what I was really getting at?
John Pietrowicz: I think I said month, right so several months. So, I would it's not an extended marketing program likely.
Terrence Duffy: And I think we always reserve the right to decide how the fundamentals of any markets are going and how are going to consider programs which we do on a daily basis, revenue order continuing adding in terms of, that just part of our what we do on everyday basis.
Alex Kramm: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will move to our next question from Chris Harris from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Harris: If the cuts interest rates two to three times before the end of the year how should be thinking about the impact on your non-operating income.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Chris. We haven't announced how we are going to handle the change in the pricing relative to Fed rate cut in terms of you know the capture that we have on the average balances. But as you've seen recently, we've passed through any of the changes to the customer. So, we haven't been increasing our share of the Fed -- of the rate. Couple of points, number one we have seen the Fed average balances that we have here at the cash balances that we have here at the exchange come down. So, in the first quarter we had about $28 billion in terms of average, cash balances held at the clearinghouses down about 25.6 billion. So, we did see a reduction in terms of the average cash balances. So, one of the things that when we look at it, we think about how do we incent the average cash balances to increase here. Also, I wanted to point out that beginning in the month of July, we did have a price change in terms of the non-cash collateral or increase the charge from 1 basis points to 5 basis points and that began at the start of July just to give you an update in terms of non-cash collateral health clearinghouses attributable to that right now about $90 billion in terms of non-cash collateral that will be impacted by the four basis point increase.
Alex Kramm: Thanks for the update. Great, thank you.
Operator: We now take our next question from Ken Hail [ph] from Rosenblatt Security. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks. Good morning. And I wanted to go back to market data for a second. I think during last quarter; you announced the new Global Head of market data services. I was just hoping you could kind of elaborate a little bit more on that role, what kind of products might be coming and kind of any potential timing on that kind of improvement for that business?
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Ken. Bryan.
Bryan Durkin: Yes, we installed Trey Berre who oversees our market data and tech services. And he hits the ground running in the context of the engagement that he's been having with a broader client base. The focus has been really on continuing to build and grow on our subscriber business. But in addition to that, very much cultivating and developing our other services, particularly data mine and derived data services, Trey actually built up the derived data business, which has performed quite well for us over the last couple of years. We're very enthusiastic about his engagement in his reach globally. As we, as we work to continue to grow this business. He has very well integrated with our Global Head of Sales, as well as our Chief Commercial Officer and taking a holistic view at the various data services, the development of new products and the integration of the next market data business into our overall data offerings.
Terrence Duffy: Does that help, Ken?
Unidentified Analyst: That helps.
Operator: Thank you. The next question now comes from Deutsche Bank and it's Brian Bedell, please go ahead, your line is open.
Brian Bedell: Great, thanks very much. Hope you guys can talk about the FX futures and options business a little bit broadly, both from their perspective of any revise expectations on the uncleared margin rule. And the volumes have been kind of late recently. So maybe just if you can talk about whether there's simply hasn't been any traction yet, even though you're there is a good demonstration from say that, you know, for example, the Greenwich Associates report about the much improved efficiency of using FX versus other futures rather than versus other methods. But it should be the except expecting more of a step function and improvement and volumes up to the uncleared margin rule comes through or do you think that will take one more time?
Terrence Duffy: John?
John Pietrowicz: Yes, thank you, Brian, a very good question. So, no question that the foreign exchange environment has been a very challenging one. If you look at volatility, for example, realized volatility in the Euro versus U.S. dollar. In the second quarter, that's at the second percentile, going back to 2007. So, it is near record, low volatility, going back more than a decade. Likewise, if you look at dollar yen, you're at the sixth percentile in the second quarter, going back to 2007 is the G7 realized volatility index that goes back to 1992. And you're near the lowest volatility for G7 foreign Exchange, according Fed index, going back to 1992. So, with that, extremely low volatility relative to the history of the marketplace, that obviously makes it much more challenging and less our needs for risk management. Nonetheless, we've continued to improve our products on the foreign exchange side continuously as we do with all of our products. So, you know, some of the things I mentioned, we changed the strikes for our FX options on April 1st, making them much more appropriate and so adjusting them across the entire spectrum. So, making them much more attractive. In addition to that, back earlier this year, we change their pricing according our quarterly role in our dollar Sterling. I mentioned earlier, the great success that we had in reducing the middle price increment, there are two-year notes. We've also had very good success in reducing our minimum price increment in our dollar strength contract in terms of the quarterly role. And so that was significant success, or we saw a very large increase during the roll period in volume, we also saw a very large increase in non-member activity. In addition to that, then we've just recently announced that we're changing the minimum pricing from it's in the quarterly roles in our dollar yen, as well as our dollar euro contracts. That's happening in early August. And that should make those products much more attractive, lowering the total cost. We're constantly focused on making that look them the most attractive possible from a total cost perspective and as you mentioned on June 15th, Greenwich published a study showing that CME's FX options were as much a 70% lower cost than OTC FX options and will be especially attractive under the uncleared margin rules. So again, very attractive products continuously improving them and getting external studies done that shows they're much more attracted. In fact, while the volumes have been hampered, do as I said to the historically low volatility. For FX futures complex reached an all-time large open interest holder record on May 28th of this year in that environment. So, we're very excited about that and the continuous improvement. In the terms of the uncleared margin rules, the uncleared margin rules essentially the regulators have made a small adjustment to them, there is originally expected to be four tranches of requirements where the less tranche in September of 2020 was expected to be the last set of participants. The threshold there was moved to 50 billion outstanding as opposed to I think it was 7 billion outstanding. So now they're getting essentially more time for that last set of participants to get ready for the uncleared margin rules, so there is just one additional year. So, we expect the same impact that we would have had, it is giving participants a greater amount of time to adopt the uncleared margin rules. In terms of the uncleared margin rules themselves, CME Group has the most holistic solution available for every aspect of the uncleared margin rules. I think I may have mentioned. We did a very successful webinar on our uncleared margin rules just a couple of months ago that showed our value proposition across all of our optimization businesses that we acquired to the next transaction as well as our OTC clearing and our listed product. So, we are very excited about the holistic solution that we can present to our clients for the unclear margin rules we do expect that to be positive tailwind for our business. We expect that tailwind to be gradual and we expect it happen over the longer period of time.
Brian Bedell: Over the next year or so I guess you given the extension rather than more of a step function in the fourth quarter.
Sean Tully: Again, the uncleared margin roles as I said the lesser participants are in September of 2021, you got from now until then in order for participants to adhere, let me say one other thing. So what we saw with the Dodd-Frank rules okay was a two-stage process when we saw Dodd-Frank and you saw the huge increase we had in interest rate futures usage during the Dodd-Frank rules and what we did was we offer the participants OTC clearing and we build now actually. We had an all-time record in June of 178 billion a day in our OTC clearing business. So, we are very excited about that. But we saw with Dodd-Frank, we first offer participants the opportunity to do OTC clearing, so they could adhere to the rules. We expect that participants, their first order of call will be to adhere to the rules, there second board of call will be to optimize once they adhere to the rules, so you will see some optimization right and some move into our cleared products and our future products between now and when its implemented, but we also expect that tailwind to continue afterwards.
Brian Bedell: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Michael Carrier from Bank of America. Please go ahead. The line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is actually Sameer [ph] on for Michael. Thanks for taking the question. Terry, John just a quick one on capital management. Given the lower rate outlook, how does it affect -- have any effect on your capital management philosophy. Are you willing to take the take on higher levels of debt and what this could mean incrementally I guess in terms your aggressiveness with the various dividend this year?
John Pietrowicz: Sameer, thanks. In terms of our capital management I think we've been very clear in terms of how we're approaching it. So, why don't I give you kind of highlight in terms of what our capital structure looks like right now. So, CME has billion dollars and cash on hand, so that's $300 million above $700 million minimum. We have about $4 billion in debt was about $635 million in commercial paper and are debt to EBITDA around 1.28 times. We've paid down about $300 million in debt since the first of the year. And we are on track to achieve our one times debt-to-EBITDA by the end of 2020. So, we are very focused on meeting our commitments that we have made to the -- to our investors and to the rating agencies to be at the one-time debt-to-EBITDA by 2020. And we're on that path. In terms of the impacts of variable dividend. We don't give out guidance in terms of what our annual variable dividend is, but I think you can take a look at how we approached it last year. We were very balanced in terms of how we approach the annual variable dividend, the pay down of the debt and the investments in the business.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Sameer.
Operator: We now take a follow-up question from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Sherry [ph] filling in for Alex. Energy open interest have been tracking down was at the end of 2018. Can you help us understand why does that and any color on the client participation outside the U.S.? And specifically, how sticky are these volumes from the client base outside of U.S.?
Terrence Duffy: Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yes, this is Derek. Thanks for the question. A couple of things we talked last quarter about the stepping away from our power business, our power contracts are extremely small sized contracts. And they are a large portion or a large absolute number of openings as contracts. So, we try to do in our best mature as a separate those products out and show you the open interest in our core products. So, when you just look at the headline, overall energy complex, we try to provide you that the numbers for OI specifically, just on the power side. So, we're talking about contracts of tiny, tiny value in size. This is a business that was run at probably flat for the last couple of years were down probably 10-ish million contracts. But these are tiny, tiny little contracts not core to our business. As it relates to the globalization of the business right now. We're actually seeing energy. If you look at what the energy trading range has been was taught crude specifically. Crude oil was effectively on a $5 trading range for the last month is spent in a $10 trading range for the last six months. What we're excited about is seeing that in even in sideways and kind of flat markets, low-vol environments, we're actually seeing that we are continuing to outperform the broader crude market, we are doing $1.25 million contracts a day in WTI, you're seeing about 900,000 contracts that are taking place in the BRIC [ph] contract. So, we're seeing both the global narrative of expanding participation globally of WTI as a global marker expand. The marker of that in the materials we gave you, which you can see that 27% of our energy business now takes place with customers outside the U.S. That's up from just 15% back in 2014. That's up from just make 24%, even just a year ago. So, we're continuing to see outsize performance of primarily commercial participants. So, the comments Terry made earlier to earlier in the call, which is our focus point for non-U.S. customers for commercial participation. So, I think the globalization of the crude oil market and now the nat gas market are indicative of the client base. We are building focusing on our sales force. And we're seeing that continued growth and participation from outside the U.S. has been the primary drivers for growth in the overall complex. So, we're happy with where we are continuing to be in a challenge macro environment, invest in the business, on-board global customers and we're seeing that flow through in the metrics and the participation from outside of U.S.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Derek.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: We have a follow-on question from Mr. Rich Repetto from Sandler O'Neill. Thank you.
Rich Repetto: Yes. Hi, Terry and John and team. I guess my question is, on the international, all the volume that's coming from outside the U.S., it's just, to me, it's pretty amazing that it's as resilient as it is. And it's across product lines as well, the percentage, it doesn't like, it doesn't see -- it seems like the trading with the U.S. but more all the time. So, I guess one question is, could you just give us a little bit more color behind what's driving that? And is there anything on a -- from a regulatory standpoint, I know open access is starting to come back into the conversation in Europe in 2020. Anything that you have on your foresight vision going forward, outside the U.S.?
Terrence Duffy: Bryan.
Bryan Durkin: Thank you, Rich for that question. You've heard me comment in past calls, what's been going on with our international focus over the last five years, in the last 4.5 half years, we've seen tremendous growth at 81% growth and average daily volume internationally breaking that down, EMEA is representing about 72% growth APAC 110%. LatAm, which you've seen in the last couple of years about 150%.  Now, what's driven that, we've strategically placed our people in these various regions, as we've noted, we've invested in the sales force, you've heard me speak about country planning, which has been very, very important for us, covering over 70% of our top 10 countries throughout the world has allowed us to drive and better focus my resources and attention across these asset classes. Deeply appreciate your recognition about the diversity of the asset classes and how those are performing very well. Across our various regions, we've been seeing that that double-digit growth continuing to occur across the various asset classes that we represent. When we talk about an EMEA, for example, we've seen 22% growth, they're largely driven by the financials, equities and agricultural. But also, what we haven't mentioned is the tremendous growth and options that are occurring, international double-digit growth across those asset classes. As we look at Asia, in particular, you know, you traditionally we would focus on China and Hong-Kong and more recently, South Korea. Through these plans that we've instituted, we've gotten much broader coverage, we've made the investments, as we alluded to, throughout Hong Kong and Australia.  And again, we're seeing wonderful double-digit growth in those quadrants we are focusing more on Southeast Asia in terms of the development of those plans. And we have, although it's a lower base, seeing some very nice double-digit growth across the Southeast Asia quadrant. When we look at Latin America, again, we're seeing some nice growth coming out of the Brazilian hedge fund community in particular, I think them having a very stable and modest interest rates in Brazil has helped us quite a bit in terms of our ability to further penetrate and grow those markets. With respect to an EMEA, we're really pleased with the country planning impact that has allowed us to see again, growth across Israel, the Netherlands, Germany, and Scandinavia. And so, it's that targeted focus. It's the diversity of the asset classes. It's our belief that we haven't as deeply penetrated the opportunities that exist across the globe. And we're going to continue that focus.
Terrence Duffy: And Rich, let me just touch a little bit. And John can jump in as well. I think what, you know, I have not heard much about the open access language, coming out of Europe, but I wouldn't be surprised if it's being bantered around. What I'm hearing more of is less about that and more about efficiencies for the client. And that's really what we're hearing not only coming out of Europe border net globally, because that is the theme is more efficiencies. And when you look at just what we've been able to accomplish on that front, taking the margin efficiencies with our interest rate portfolio going from Sean, you can give me the numbers about 2 billion to 5 billion roughly over the last year or so. So, I think those are the efficiencies that clients are really looking for. And then when you look at some of the other regulatory rhetoric that you may or may not be hearing, you know, I think you had an unprecedented comment coming out of the United States. Congress when you had the chairman of the Oversight Committee for our industry, hold a hearing, and then subsequently publicly say to the Europeans, that you will not regulate us financial services. And it was very, very powerful statement coming out of that hearing. I was fortunate enough to testify that hearing. And I don't think in all the years I've been doing this; I've seen something like that. So, I do believe you're hearing rhetoric coming out of Europe, and I think most of its related towards Brexit and what's going to happen there. But in the meantime, you know, they're trying to make it a global rhetoric, but I think our government has made it perfectly clear that we are deemed an equivalent society and with our rule base the way we are operate today, and this is a global industry and it will not be disrupted. So, I'm very confident in every aspect of it.  And again, on the open access provision, I'm not hearing much of that. I'm hearing more on the efficiencies. John on the [indiscernible] difference.
John Pietrowicz: Exactly, that's very rightly said, you know, we were delivering to participants surprised, actually, 2 to 2.5 billion worth of portfolio margin efficiencies last year. In the second quarter, we peaked at a bit over 5 billion, where the efficiencies or portfolio margin efficiencies as we see, a large number of participants continue to uptake that service. As I mentioned earlier in regard to the unclear margin rules and in regard to Dodd-Frank and sometimes takes participants time to adopt to the efficiencies that we offer the marketplace. And we see continue to increase adoption of portfolio margin on that front, I think that is related to our all-time record, U.S. dollar swaps OTC clearing volume in June of $129 billion, our all-time record overall, OTC swaps clearing $178 billion in June, second quarter was up 46% over $150 billion. And, you know, finally our invoice spreads. So, invoice spreads specifically, take advantage of that portfolio margin. This is U.S. Treasury future traded as a spread and insurance wall. And when they're both clear to see me, you can get up to 85% margin savings. And in terms of that we're doing about 120,000 contracts today, this year relative to 89,000 contracts today last year. So very big increase in uptake of these efficiencies that we're delivering to the marketplace.
Terrence Duffy: Does that help Rich?
Rich Repetto: Very much. Thank you.
Operator: We have a follow-on question from Kyle Voigt from KBW. Next, please go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, thanks for taking my follow-up question. So, if we look at your total open interest, I think a large majority of the increase year-on-year is due to the extremely strong growth we're seeing in the euro dollar options franchise.  But if we look on the euro dollar futures guide, we're seeing a lot down here in the year. Just wondering if you can comment on what's driving such strong uptake in that euro dollar options business. And then I guess any explanation for why we aren't seeing that growth in the euro dollar future side of the complex as of yet.
Terrence Duffy: Sean.
Sean Tully: Yes. So, we've seen, we're very excited about the huge growth that we've had in the euro dollar options. And, as we said earlier, the interest rate environment changed dramatically from last year to this year, where you went from an expectations of Federal Reserve tightening to the expectations of Federal Reserve easing with the Federal Reserve meeting happening today. You know, as you can see the expectations live on our Fed watch tool. So, in that environment, yes, we've seen people reduce their open interest in the futures contracts relative to the reduced expectations of tightening, but huge increase in options usage relative to the increase in risk in the environment. So, we're very excited about it. You know, I would expect the industry complex to continue to grow, right. And it continues to be the place where the marketplace goes to manage risk. We're very excited, we had an old-time record, open interest in interest rates as you're mentioning in June of over 110 million contracts. And I think it's based on the continuous improvement that we are making those products relative to alternatives in order to manage risk.
Terrence Duffy: Just from my past, I will tell you that when you're from a trading perspective, people will look when the fundamentals of any marketplace, especially something that has an impact on so many different products, such as interest rates, when you have a policy of tightening that has been broadcast for several years, and then all of a sudden gets flipped into an easing process. People will migrate to the options on the futures to manage that risk only because they want to mitigate some of the exposures associated with it. So, it's just a way, I think it's more a little bit of a fundamental confusion in the overall marketplace because of policy has appeared to be changing. Is that fair? Sean.
Sean Tully: Yes.
Kyle Voigt:  It's helpful. Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: That's not a bad thing from our perspective, either. I just want to make sure we're clear on that. You know, we're very bullish on our options, franchises as throughout all of our asset classes. And I think that's one of the reasons why you're seeing our business grow the way it is, and a lot more people are managing their risk and our options across the asset classes. And that's a healthy sign for this industry, not a negative one.
Kyle Voigt: Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks.
Operator: And we take our last follow-on question from Alex Kramm from UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Hey, hello, again. Just as we were talking about regulation earlier, I know you were more focused on Europe, but maybe Terry, does your domain maybe talking a little bit more about the US? Obviously new see FCC Chairman. I'm sure you met plenty of times. We haven't heard publicly a lot from him. Other than op adds up at the other day, there wasn't much detail but one of the things that I thought was interesting was the whole risk created by in CCP since the financial crisis. So, any thoughts in terms of agenda any change in direction. I know it's early days. But what you focus on. I guess with the change in leadership there.
Terrence Duffy: So, I have met with the Chairman, since he's assumed the role of Chairman just recently and I had the opportunity to work with him when he was over at Treasury as well. I think he is a terrific young man and I think he going to be very good for the industry as I told him. This is one of most dynamic industries in the United States and financial services and he's the guy that is sitting in the right place at the right time. I think his focus right now is going to make certain what I said earlier, is to make sure that the United States is not franchised by but around the world from a regulatory arbitrage or overreach of regulatory on US participants or what the CFTC should be doing. Secondly [indiscernible] they do put out a comment afterwards as it relates to CCP risk. I don't think the Chairman was trying to drive tension the CCP risk. He was just making some points and then he has a clarification statements sent out by the commission right thereafter. So, all-in-all I am very pleased with the new Chairman. I think that he will be good for the industry globally and I think that's a healthy thing as I said earlier, this is a global business, and there's a lot of people counting on that ecosystem to continue to mitigate and manage the risk, and disruptions are not good and clearly is even worse, no clarity is even worse. I think the Chairman understands that and he is working with his counterparts make sure that we can have a well-functioning futures and options world globally. So, Im very excited by Chairman Tarbert and his leadership.
Alex Kramm: All right, very good. Thank you again.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that now concludes our question and answer session. So, at this time I would like to turn the conference back to Mr. John Peschier for any additional or closing remarks.
John Peschier: I just like to thank you all of you for participating and have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that now conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the CME Group First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier: Great. Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'm going to start with the Safe Harbor language. Then I'll turn it over to Terry for brief remarks followed by questions. Other members of our management too will also participate. Statements made on this call and in the other reference documents on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. For detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in our filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Also, on the last page of the earnings release, you will find a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you John and thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in CME Group. My comments today as John said are going to be very brief, so we can get right into your questions. We released our Executive commentary this morning which provided extensive details on the first quarter. During our last call, I mentioned that we had strong tailwinds to finish the year. We had made the most of it also. Market conditions changed significantly from the prior quarter, and volatility did drop across virtually every asset class. Despite the change in the trading environment, we were able to post our third highest futures and options quoted in our history, while we kept our expenses relatively flat. More importantly, we continue to execute on our long-term strategy to attract new clients and to launch new innovative products. We had significant customer engagement. We ran strategic targeted campaigns educating market participants and new non-core products and product extensions as well as cross selling through all our product lines and into new cash markets and optimization services. During the first quarter all six product areas had an increase in their business from outside the U.S. We continue to launch innovative new products, tools and services to support customer needs and to create capital and operational efficiencies from market participants. In Q1, we had multiple volume and open interest records including Sulphur futures, FX Link, Bitcoin Futures, Treasury Futures, Invoice Spreads, Copper Options and our New West Texas Intermediate Houston product. Within the NEX market business, the combined EBS and BrokerTec monthly revenues in Q1 came in fairly close to the Q4 results. This is despite as I said earlier, much lower volatility. On the core futures and options side, our open interest rose from 118 million contracts in mid-March to more than 134 million contracts last week. And today, it sits just north of 132 million contracts, which is not too far from our peak in 2018. We remain very excited about the opportunities in front of us. With that short summary, we would like to open the call for your questions. And based on a number of our analysts covering us, we'd ask you to limit yourself to one question, and then get back in the queue. Thank you. And well take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Rich Repetto from Sandler O'Neill.
Rich Repetto: Yes. Good morning Terry. Good morning John and team. I guess the first question has to do with the contribution from my NEX and when we're looking at the rate per contracts, the revenue per million for EBS and BrokerTec, we're back into what appears to be declines quarter-over-quarter in the mid -- you know double digits around 15%. I just want to see whether that's accurate? And just general color on the -- on the NEX integration as well, but first the -- the revenue per million please?
John Pietrowicz: Yes, hi Rich, this is John. I think what you would you need to look at when you look at the rate per million is in the BrokerTec business, the two primary drivers of the revenue are treasuries and European repo. The U.S. repo is a small portion of the overall business at this time. So that's one thing to take a look at. Also, the sensitivity to volume at BrokerTec is less than it is say at EBS or CME Group. But when you look at as Terry mentioned in his prepared remarks, when you look at the volatility environment in Q1 versus Q4, it is substantially lower in Q1 than in Q4. But when you look at the revenue for the quarter, for the markets business, it held up remarkably well and it was down only 3% sequentially. Sean?
Sean Tully: Yes. I mean in particular you need to get the product mix, right. So you saw a growth in the first quarter in European repo in particular and the repo RPCs are much much lower as John mentioned, than the outright treasuries for example.
John Pietrowicz: In terms of the integration question Rich, we're very pleased with how the integration is progressing. We're on plan to achieve this year synergy targets. We have a staffing event related to integration mid-year along with a plan cut over for some administrative systems, which will support the consolidation of the internal functions. And we're also on track to combine office space in New York, Tokyo, Hong Kong and London by the end of this year, which will free up some leased space. And as we mentioned on the last call, we are targeting customer migration to glow backs with BrokerTec in 2020, and EBS in 2021.
Rich Repetto: And anything on the, the question was on the EBS capture as well?
John Pietrowicz: In terms of the EBS capture, I think when we -- when you take a look at you know when you take a look at the activity, again it's a mix issue between the G10 activity and the rest of business. So the more activity that occurs in spot G10 that tends to have a lower rate than CNH and the NDFs
Rich Repetto: Got it. Thank you very much, John.
John Pietrowicz: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Moving on. Our next question is from Dan Fannon from Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. I guess a follow up on just kind of the overall expense profile of the first quarter showed some concern -- some slow start versus your guidance. It sounds like the synergies are more back end loaded. So we should just expect a ramp here as the year progresses, and I guess characterizing the volume environment in April is still not being all that robust. I guess how should we think about kind of that build of expenses?
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Dan. I think the -- when you take a look at our expense profile for the year, we are expecting to have a staffing event in the middle of the year. So we will be you know we'll be updating our synergies target at that time. I and also like I have mentioned previously, we'll have some cut over, some systems, and we're going to be consolidating some office space left. I have better clarity in terms of the synergy capture for this year. As the management team looks at synergies, we're looking to accelerate the synergy capture as much as we possibly can. In terms of the expense guidance, yes we you know when you take a look, we did have, you know the first quarter was lower relative to the rest of the year, but we will be having some ramp up in in work done on systems for these -- for the rest of the year. So it's really more timing around projects and as they as they get launched. But we'll be able to provide some more color on with the second quarter call.
Dan Fannon: Got it. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: All right. Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Our next question is from Ben Herbert from Citi.
Ben Herbert: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Could you maybe just give us an update sticking with next year. Just an update on the cross-sell efforts through particularly their non U.S. channels?
Bryan Durkin: Hi, this is Bryan speaking. The thing that we're really excited about is the ability to cross-sell the multitude of product offerings that we have bringing together the strong markets capability along with the optimization services that we provide. I think what I'm most proud of right now is through this integration process, we are working together. We're not skipping a beat in terms of the seamless performance of these new platforms that we've acquired and as we're going through the integration process. The client base is very enthusiastic about what we have on the horizon in terms of the new capabilities and functionalities that will be associated with the cut over and migration onto Globex from the market's perspective. But I think even more important is we're able to solve issues and challenges today by bringing together the combined forces of what we've had under the historical CME Group adding on the NEX components. As we look at improving capital efficiencies and addressing margin efficiencies post trade challenges that firms have been encumbered with using and leveraging the capabilities that we have across the CME Group is having a very positive impact with our client base.
Ben Herbert: Thank you.
Operator: And moving on we'll hear from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks very much. Good morning.
John Pietrowicz: Good morning Brian.
Brian Bedell: Thanks. Just to go back to the expense guidance. The -- I guess right now it implies about a 3% to 4% quarterly increase in run rate from the very good 1Q level. Maybe if you could just touch on which areas you expect that to move up and I know John you mentioned the staffing event at midyear. If you can just talk about in addition to that, what type of flexibility you might have if the volatility environment stays really late? And then also just one clarification on the new fee program on noncash collateral from 1 bips to 5 bips with the revenue impact on the quarterly run rate?
John Pietrowicz: You've got a lot in there Brian. So let's talk about expenses first and then we'll break down. We'll break down your other points. So, in terms of, in terms of where we see the expenses coming in a little bit, a little bit heavier in the quarter, really it's around, it's around when projects get implemented. So we've been staffing you know some contract workers so you see professional fees will tick up. Our professional fees if you look historically tend to be lighter in the first quarter. And then they tick up as projects get under way during the during the year. So I'd expect professional fees to go up a bit. On the compensation line, you'll see that tick up a little bit, but then, like I mentioned, we'll be having a staffing event which will occur mid-year so then that would come back down. And then, also, depreciation will be rolling in as systems get put into production, then it rolls out of work and process and gets amortized into depreciation. So that's another, another line. And then obviously in our CME, legacy CME expenses tend to be heavier in the fourth quarter as we've got a lot of customer facing events that occur in the fourth quarter. So you'll see a tick up in the fourth quarter. So that kind of gives you an idea of some of the breakdown. Then, when you look at the levers for us, should there be a prolonged downturn in volumes. You know, well first off I think, if you take a look at CME Group over the last several years, I think it's safe to say that the entire organization has done an excellent job in managing that, the expenses and that mindset is continuing. You know obviously if there's a prolonged downturn in volumes, you will double down our efforts in terms of managing our expenses. We do have some discretionary costs that we can put a sharper lens to things like travel and entertainment, marketing spend that may not drive near-term results. But, we obviously are not going to do anything that impacts the future growth, the trajectory of the business. As I mentioned before, as normal course of the integration, the entire management team is looking at ways we can accelerate the synergy capture where we where we can. So that's another thing that we are, we're focused on. But to put it in perspective, we did have our third best volume quarter in our history, so I think it's a bit premature to talk about potential, potential reductions in costs at this point although we do have a strong view on cost containment cost control. Then you mentioned the change in the collateral fees. Yes. That the change the collateral fees will go into effect July 1st. We're increasing the non-cash collaterals fees from 1 basis point to 5 basis points. We have approximately $100 billion in non-cash collateral, excess non-cash collateral and guaranty fund contributions are not impacted by the fee increase. And that's approximately $20 billion. Now non-cash collateral will fluctuate based upon trading activity and also based upon the mix of non-cash collateral to cash collateral. But that kind of gives you some ideas around of what we're looking at there.
Brian Bedell: That's about it. It looks like $40 million annualized if it's 4 basis points increase on $100 billion?
John Pietrowicz: Well, it's  youve got to take out like I mentioned before, you got to take out the guaranty fund contributions and the excess collateral. And as I said, that's $20 billion.
Brian Bedell: Got it. Great. Thank you so much. Super helpful.
John Pietrowicz: All right. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go next to Alex Kramm from UBS.
Alex Kramm: Hey, good morning everyone. Just wanted to come back to the NEX opportunity set that you addressed earlier. I mean, obviously we've talked about this in pretty big generalities for about a year now, and but now that you've owned this asset for six months or so and clearly you're doing projects and talking the groups that target each other maybe you can just help us by giving us maybe the single largest individual opportunity that you see and what the timeline is, so we can get a little bit more concrete here? Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Alex, thanks. Ill ask Bryan and Sean both to comment on that, because, we think there's multiple opportunities that we're yet to talk about but they can give you a little bit of a color what they're looking at today.
Bryan Durkin: I'm going to take the optimization side and Sean can speak to the markets if that's all right. On the optimization side of the equation, as you all well know our marketplace and particularly our banking institutions have been challenged consistently with maintaining costs and capital efficiencies through the acquisition and the combination of our optimization services along with our excellent clearing services in post trade capabilities. We're already as we speak, you know as I alluded to earlier, operating as an integrated team of people working with our clients to find solutions for greater capital efficiencies. We're offering them streamlined connectivity and processing capabilities through the complement of the optimization services of triReduce, triBalance, triResolve, Traiana [ph] and bringing those things together as a combined force and not necessarily operating them as independent businesses or silos. Just having the combined efforts along with Sunils [ph] team to be able to work with and identify solutions for our firm's real time has been it's been a strong positive force and is being very well received by our clients. So when you think about having the potential for centralized risk management capabilities across, the cash across the listed futures that we offer and OTC products, our clients today are very excited and enthusiastic about the services that we're going to be able to provide by these combined forces.
John Pietrowicz: Yes, I totally agree. Fine, I might actually say a couple of things in the optimization area. First and foremost, you have the uncleared margin rules right, which has hit the largest banks, but have not hit all the participants yet. So on September of this year, we expect to see on the order of 50 new participants. They'll be hit by the globally. They'll be hit by the unclear margin rules. And then in September of the year after it could be close to a thousand different participants that are potentially impacted. You see any group with its optimization businesses and its existing clearing services can address every single aspect of clients needs around those problems. You've got triResolve, which can look at the margin of uncleared -- of the uncleared margin. So in other words, the sending out of the messages, the reconciliations of margin etcetera. You can calculate, let's try calculate, the sim or those uncleared margin requirements. You can try to avoid, having to post uncleared margins, or reducing the outright margin that they have needed between the parties, by using the triBalance service. You can also use triReduce in order reduce your notional outstanding in order to try and reduce the you know the need to actually post margins. On the other hand, just like it was the Dodd-Frank. You can then move people from uncleared space into cleared space, and you can move in particular their FX options, as well as you know the NDFs from unclear space to cleared space or you can move them directly into our futures complex. So we have the totality of solutions for the marketplace as you approach the increasing demand for solutions to the unclear margin rules. In particular, relative to services that we have launched previously and you've heard a lot about, in terms of our portfolio marketing between futures and swaps. In the fourth quarter, the savings that we were  or where the efficiencies that we were offering the marketplace was about 2.6 billion. Currently, we're saving the market about 4.3 billion, so clearly about 4.3 billion where the efficiencies relative to portfolio margin. This has led to growth in things like invoice spreads, so invoice spreads for example, the ability to trade CME Treasury Future as the spread to a swap and to clear them both the CME creating huge margin and capital efficiencies. That's grown from 89,000 contracts today last year to exactly 134,000 contracts today in the first quarter and 118,000 contracts a day so far this year at $1.92 RPC, a very nice add to our futures business. If we move over to the market side, we're very excited. It's very early days in terms of our ability to do a couple of things; first of all, cross-selling. You know the future clients into the OTC products that we have as well as the our OTC clients or the EBS clients for example into our futures products. We see those two marketplaces as highly complementary. If you think about total cost analysis and you think about what investors and the buy side, sell side accounts are all interested in. They're interested in the lowest possible total cost. And if you can to the extent that you can, and we are going to be focused on it, you give access to both liquidity pools right, or even in some sense combine the liquidity pool experience and the FX market for example. Think, think about what we can do? Your total cost, the largest cost is your bid off a spread. So to the extent that we combine the liquidity pool of call it the 80 billion, 90 billion a day on EBS with a 80 billion, 90 billion a day in our FX futures. While you recall last year, we launched FX Link, which links those two marketplaces with the base history. When you start to combine those liquidity pools what do you do? Youre taking that bid off the spread. Youre taking that bid off the spread because those two markers are quoted differently. Number one and number two, you deepen the book. So by tightening the bid off the spread, and deepening the book, and cross-selling into a larger marketplace is a much more compelling, better value proposition than we've ever had before in a foreign exchange market. And we're going to be able to access a much larger client base. It's early days, but that's the vision. Alex, hopefully that gave you a little color on the optimization of markets businesses and why we're so excited by it because of the opportunities that we see. And again, I think what both Bryan and Sean outlined is operational and the cost efficiencies which is exactly what you need to grow any marketplace and that's exactly what we're doing by those acquisitions so hopefully that gives you a little more color for what we're trying to achieve.
Alex Kramm: Yes. Thanks. It was a little bit more than the one single largest opportunity but I do appreciate the color. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Well Sean is very thorough, so is Bryan.
Alex Kramm: Thank you.
Operator: Michael Carrier from Bank of America has our next question.
Michael Carrier: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just on the current environment and the current backdrop, when I look at the open interest you know overall, you show some of the data and some of the growth in the product areas. It seems like a lot that it has been driven by the rates, complex. We look at say like equity, energy some of the other areas you're seeing a bit of a -- some softness. Just wanted to get some color, obviously you've got tough comps in 2018 into and we put that in perspective. But just in terms of the environment, what you're seeing in some of the product areas. Just given the divergence in an open interest trend?
John Pietrowicz: Mike, it's a good question, and instead of spending more time on the growth of the rates business, well let Derek talk about, Derek Sammann talk about the energy markets and the agricultural open interest and we're right there today, Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yes, thanks Michael. Its Derek. And I appreciate the opportunity to talk about the  some of the other businesses. You're right. It's kind a challenging first quarter recognizing coming off an all-time series of records in Q1 of last year. In energy specifically, you're certainly looking at a softer market. You're seeing that market generally drift higher even in light of the news of the Iran sanctions coming, the waivers coming off. You saw only a couple of dollar increase in the price, and the market quickly digested that and moved on. We are seeing softness and volatility. We're seeing a slight reduction in open interest, both on our WTI contract as well as what we're seeing in Brent on the other side. We're both down to right about 2.2 million contracts open that down for about 2.5 for each of us in May of last year. So not surprising to see low volatility environment I think we're seeing a resumption of the shortfall carry trade. Folks are realizing that selling volatility in this environment has actually been positive for the returns. So we're seeing that being a little challenging for a breakout and volatility right now. But when you look at the overall macro environment being challenging, we still posted our third best quarter ever. And on top of that, we're actually seeing, we're outperforming the other folks in the space right now. On the energy side, specifically WTI we increased our market share from about 58% to about 59% of the combined crude market. If you shift over and you look at the balance of the crude and refined space, our gasoline business are up was actually up 10% Q1 this year. People get lost in looking at the numbers and kind of look at the crude piece. The overall strength of the overall portfolio is driven by the supporting pieces of the balance here on or above as well. So really good story on gasoline with volumes up 10% this year. The other side of the shop on natural gas, another story of just continued low price environment. This was, we had a spectacularly volatile gas season last year. This year was relatively quiet. We're seeing prices stabilize back lower again. That's another market and challenging macro trends. We're actually seen us outperform in that market. That's a market where we're still we are actually up to 82% market share of the Henry Hub Futures market. So we're pleased that in a challenging market, we're continuing to grow customer base and outperform and manage to retain those businesses, where we are seeing strength and this has been a continued theme. The overall narrative of a structural change in a globalizing crude oil market and now increasingly globalized and natural gas market, that narrative is still strongly in place. You see that in our energy volumes are actually up 3% in Asia in the first quarter. You've heard us talk about the increased demand and the expansion of exports of the U.S. about 43.5 million barrels a day of crude oil, and you're seeing that reflect both in the Asian demand for our products and the growth of the innovative new products that we put out there, for example, the Houston Physical crude contract to reference at the top of the call. That's a market that we launched just back in November and we've got about a 72% market share of volumes and about a 65% market share of open interest hitting regular volume and open interest records along the way. So in a challenging environment, we're focused on the end user, customer focused on the global participation. That's where we're seeing the opportunity, that's where we put in our resources and we're pleased with the results on the energy side. On the Ag [ph]. Yes on the Ag side, again that actually while we're seeing all the markets down in the asset class in Q1, the Ags was our best performer down the lease. That's also a market when you look at you know our comps, our CBOT, a weak complex when compared to the combined funds of Euronext and Minneapolis Grain Exchange. We also increased our market share there from 88% to 91%, where we are seeing a lot of volatility. And Terry mentioned this at the top of the call, is livestock. You saw hogs, cattle reacting very strongly to what we're seeing in terms of the continued trade talks and sanctions China and the swine fever are on the livestock market. So when there are events and when there is risk, we continue to be the place that draws customers to manage their risk. And we saw a number of volume and open interest records in both cattle and hogs, futures and options over the course of the first quarter. So we'll continue to build and focus on our commercial customers there, and do some innovative work around broadening our participation globally. Did that answer your questions, Mike?
Michael Carrier: Yes, thanks a lot.
Derek Sammann: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Blostein: Hey guys good morning. Quick question around some of the licensing expense, I mean, it looks like because of the investment you guys are making, would you take that, that as a percentage of kind of overall equity transaction revenues continues to tick up. I'm not sure if that's the best way to sort of think about the margin on the equity business if you may, but, maybe help us think through how that will play out over the next couple of quarters maybe a year or so out as your equity business evolves there?
John Pietrowicz: Sure. Thanks. Thanks Alex. So when you take a look at our licensing fees, we don't give out specifics in terms of our license agreements and each agreement is unique. So when you take a look at the license fees there tends to be an annual adjustments to the fees paid to our IP providers. So that gets adjusted at the beginning of the year. Also it's important to note that, while the majority of the license fee line relates to equities, it also includes fees related to other asset classes like energy and interest rates. So about 80% to 85% of the license fee line is related to equities, the balance is related to other asset classes. So when you take a look at the relationship between the equity revenue and the license fee expense, you got to take that into the -- into account. Also, when you look at the interest, the interest rate component, the interest rate product component in that line. We did see a step up in terms of the revenue share that we have with our -- with our partner banks. And it was our best volume that we've had in the interest rate swaps since 2015. So that impacted that deadline as well.
Alex Blostein: Got it. That's helpful color. Thanks.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Harris from Wells Fargo.
Chris Harris: Thanks. So want to follow up on the commentary regarding the Energy Complex. The price differential between Brent and WTI has widened out now about $10. It's not as wide of a disparity as it was back in 2011 and 2012 were pretty wide. And I guess, what I'm wondering is, does this create a potential problem for the complex. And the reason I say that is, in the past when you when we've seen a wide disparity like that, it end up being a negative for WTI volumes relative to Brent and just, just wondering if there's a risk of that going forward if this price disparity continues.
Derek Sammann: Yes Chris, this is Derek again. Thanks for the question. Now, I think when you look at the market structurally back in 2000, kind of 11 to 14 versus where we are now there are a number of different factors, both in our own business, and our own commercial focus as well as the broader market. I think, what you saw back in 2000, kind of pre 2014 on our side, we had had more of a focus on the financial players and we didn't have as strong a footprint of the commercial community that was reflected in kind of the open interest levels that we saw in WTI. We made a very specific focus in it in 2014 to make sure that we were focused on the end user commercial customers, and that we were very much, very much making sure that if we were focused on the end user commercial customers, the open interest producers and the holders, and that meant that we're in the best position to drive the financial players along the way. The significant change and the structural piece I referenced just a moment ago, was in December 2015 when Congress lifted the export ban. That as you've heard us say continually has put in place the narrative for a global oil market with WTI at the center of that. So, when you look at the response to the participation and commercial participation in our market now at just under 2.2 million contracts open interest versus where we were kind of pre-2014 significantly higher and a significant amount of our sales resources had been focused for the last four years now on those end user commercials and participants. We also had a much smaller proportion of our business that was taking place in Europe and Asia, driven by both our commercial focus and the structural shift that has really positioned WTI the global benchmark. So, those are probably the two biggest drivers. The structural shift coupled with our commercial focus and the resource that we put into place. And Bryan, I think had talked about some of the very specific areas on our international front, that's driven that kind of outpaced performance in our energy business in Europe and Asia. Asia specifically, thats up this quarter.
Terrence Duffy: Just to reinforce Derek's point, and I think you've been hearing me speak to this over the last probably year, year and a half. In terms of the tremendous growth we're seeing in the energy complex, particularly out of the Asia Pacific region. We're very proud of that continued trend this past quarter, so Derek alluded to the crude oil being up. I think, it's approximately 15% alone, and that's its third highest record out of Asia-Pacific. We're seeing nice growth coming out of Hong Kong, South Korea as well as China driving the demand for that product. He alluded to earlier also, the growth that we've seen in our futures. It's up about 9% and we're seeing again nice growth coming out of our commercials. Commercials are up for our crude oil, up about 9%. Commercials are up about 22% for RBOB. So as we're driving to those end users, reaching out to them, we have you know the benefits of the export capabilities coming into these regions. This will be a continued area of emphasis for us and growth.
John Pietrowicz: And just let me -- just pile on a little bit here for good measure. Derek said something earlier, which I think is really important. When you look at the open interest of the different crude products, they basically are down identical numbers. So, if in fact the volume numbers would be different, you'd see a bigger skew in that particular number and you're not seeing it. And just to reemphasize that, I think that when you're calculating volume from spreads that happened several years ago and the factors that have changed from today as being a global market is really hard to make them applicable to today's marketplace. So I think hopefully that was a good color for you to see that you can't use the same measures that you used a few years ago when your spreads widened.
Chris Harris: Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Allen from Compass Point.
ChrisAllen: Morning guys. Just want to ask real quick on other revenues if you back out the NEX related revenues. It's about a $5 million jump in kind of the 40ish million dollar run rate, we saw at the CME for the 2018. And then the NEX revenues had a nice jump for 4Q annual  if you annualize 4Q levels to the $51 million this quarter, almost like five million as well. The -- as a lot of moving parts in there, wonder if you give us any color on that?
John Pietrowicz: Sure. Chris, this is John. I'll start. In terms of the -- if you take a look at NEX was up about $5 million, CME Group was up about $5 million in that line. There were two items that I wanted to point out. One was on the NEX side. There was about a $2 million relocation of rent revenue. It used to be netted in rent  netted with rent expense, and now its being  that rent revenue is being booked in the other revenue line. And that's about $2 million. And then when you take a look at the CME side, every year we've got an adjustment to the -- our contract with BM&F and inflation adjustment it gets recorded at the beginning of the year and it resets the baseline for the following year. And that was about $2 million. So that's about $4 million to $10 million adjustment that you're seeing, increases that you're seeing on that line. The balance of the increase really is amongst a whole host of different businesses that are in there. We're particularly excited about the way the optimization businesses have performed excluding the market the transaction fee related businesses which are in the market line. So, Ill turn over to Brian to make a comment there.
Bryan Durkin: I would just say on the optimization side of the equation we had very strong performance across our triResolve, our Reset and Traiana businesses which again goes to the commentary that both Sean and I referenced earlier. There's a strong demand for these capabilities and we're excited about the robust diversity of product that we offer. Go back to John.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. So one thing I did want to point out, Chris and Bryan talked about it. I had a question earlier in the call and that's a collateral fee line, the collateral fee change. I didn't want to make a point that the collateral fee change that's going to go into effect in July will be booked in other revenue not in investment income. So, I just want to make that point. So you'll see this line, you'll get adjusted mid-year.
ChrisAllen: So this is a good run rate going forward from here and then adjust for any growth we expect in kind of the optimization business and obviously the collateral change coming in 3Q. Is that fair?
John Pietrowicz: Yes. I would say, the one thing, the adjusted I talked about from the inflation, that's an annual adjustment. So that would increase the run rate about $400,000 per quarter going forward rather than $2 million. That was adjusted this quarter. Does it make sense?
ChrisAllen: Makes sense.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Kyle Voigt from KBW.
Kyle Voigt: Hi. Good morning. There's been some
Bryan Durkin: Good morning, Kyle.
Kyle Voigt: Good morning. Theres recent some recent press in Bloomberg and other publications regarding the reduction in capital allocated to trend following strategies. And some meaningful outflows from CTAs in 2018; do you believe that this is having any impact on the softer volume start to 2019? And then secondly is there any way you can help frame the approximate size as CTAs and trend following strategies in context of seeing these total volume or total revenues?
Terrence Duffy: I would just speak to the breath of the products that we offer as we look at the buy side community in particular and the opportunities and challenges that they face with their strategies. It's incumbent upon us to be able to provide them with the products and solutions and the opportunities from a liquidity perspective that they need to ship there their trading strategies into other venues and having the broad swath of product that we represent. I mean, I continue to look at. We see growth continuing across all of our regions particularly across that buy-side community within our hedge funds as well as our asset managers. So it will be a continued focus.
Bryan Durkin: Lets say, on the commodity side one of the important is most important way that we can attract business that are looking to get fund inflows into the commodity side is making sure that our businesses as we grow our volumes in open interest that has a direct impact on the weightings that they have in the various commodity indices at the Bloomberg commodities Index, MSCI et cetera. So as those get re-weighted every year the continued growth here is talk about not an absolute but equally importantly for the indexes on the relative side as well that reweights our products at a higher percent of a total proportion of those indices. So the trend followers and then from the CTA you're talking about that might not be directly in futures the pile in the index as that index back to the arm footprints in those respective products. So the growth and focus and growing our volumes in open interest puts us in a higher weighting proportion of CME group products in those indices which ends up giving us those traded hedges volumes back into our future. So, we can't directly control for it, but as we see those flows increase we put ourselves in the best position by getting our products reweighted at a higher percent in each of those indices.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Worthington from JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good morning. In terms of the investment income can you indicate how the SGM and clients are changing allocations in collateral between cash and non-cash at CME? Maybe also highlight which is more profitable for CME cash or non-cash. It seems like cash, I think is much more profitable. And then can you talk about where the spread earns on customer collateral stood this quarter versus last? Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Sure. Ken, this is John. I'll walk you through kind of what we've seen over the last couple of quarters in terms of the average cash balances that we have at the clearinghouse. So, we saw in the first quarter of 2018 about $39.6 billion average. Balances, it's gone down to around $28 billion in the first quarter of 2019, so it trended downwards. The return that we receive on those average cash balances has gone from about 28 basis points in the first quarter of 2018 to about 33 basis points in the first quarter of 2019. You are correct, the non-cash collateral we earned less on the non-cash collateral than we do have on the cash collateral. So that -- but that when you take a look we are making that adjustment in July which will have an impact on the amount that we earn on that collateral, so if you take a look at our take on the return in the first quarter of 2019 it was about $23 million, that's the net earnings that we received on the cash collateral. And as we talked about previously the non-cash collateral be adjusted in July.
Ken Worthington: Great. Thank you very much.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Ken.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up question from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Great. Thanks very much. Maybe just a couple of questions on product. So, just in the equity indices obviously that's been weak with low volatility in the market. Maybe some perspective of to what extent you think these [Indiscernible] that are starting to launch meaningfully impact  or meaningfully boost the equity indices trends if volatility remain light? And then within interest rates just some perspective on what kind of RBC capture you're getting on the new Sulphur volume and also the invoice spreads obviously really rich capture there whether you see that continue to trend up. I know you made some comments earlier in the Q&A?
John Pietrowicz: Sure, Brian. Great question. Thank you very much. We're very excited about the May 6 launch of our micro e-mini futures. For as a reminder to folks this is across the four major indices. So across the S&P, Dow, NASDAQ and Russell 2000 indices, and why were excited about this. And we currently have about 50,000 accounts utilizing the e-mini futures. So this will give them greater granularity. So contract is one-tenth o the size of our existing e-minis. Ill give them greater granularity in order to optimize their exposures to the futures contracts relative to CTAs. And the question earlier this will also allow them to optimize their exposure to those marketplaces with a much finer contract size than they've had in the past. If you think about the e-minis that were launched in 1997; so since then -- since the indices have grown dramatically the size of contract has grown and this allow us to better penetrate those counts. In addition to those 50,000 existing e-mini accounts there are approximately 250,000 currently dormant CME Futures accounts. We do believe that some significant portion of those users that contract site may have gotten too large for them and this will allow us to better penetrate them. Much more importantly if you look at external numbers in the marketplace that are available in terms of active retail traders there are on the order of 10 to actually We've seen numbers as high as 40 million active retail traders globally. So we are very hopeful that dividing the countryside by 10 that we will see very good uptake. We've had very positive feedback from all of our retail distribution channels. We are working with eight zero different introducing brokers as well as retail brokers. And we believe that on the order of 90% of them we'll be ready in week one to start offering their product to their clients. So we are very excited about the opportunity. I won't size it right now but we think it's a great idea. We're seeing very very positive feedback from those distribution channels and we're expecting a very positive launch. Now in terms of other innovations that we've launched, we're about to hit our one year anniversary of our Sulphur futures, very excited there about that contract. We recently had a record of 83,000 contracts traded in a single day. And if you look at the one year anniversary this is one of the fastest growing products we've ever had in the interest rate complex and I think anywhere at CME Group. So putting it in perspective we've had about 3.2 million contract trade in the first 12 months. That equates to about 6 1 trillion worth of notional. And in the month of March we reached a new all time monthly record of 38,000 contracts with more than a 130 different participants. So we're very excited about the continued traction there. I could keep going on right relative to renovations, total return futures we adjusted those products on the equity side back in December, right. So total return futures you may recall, this is  company focused on margin capital efficiencies, the changing regulatory environment and how to help clients. So those are being offered to the marketplace as an alternative to total return equity swaps especially under the uncleared marginals, it was considered the third largest category of pain point after rates and foreign exchange. We've seen very good uptake there and we saw a record recently 280,000 contracts in open interest. And we -- in addition to that the growth this year we had about 1600 contracts a day. Last year it was about 2600 contracts a day. This year, so very nice growth I think actually the actual growth rate is 47% year over year. And in addition to that with the extensions that we made in December particularly we took the S&Ps and we only had in our five quarters. We now go out five years. And when we go out five years their RPC is over $5 as a contract. So, we're constantly innovating. We're constantly looking at attracting new clients. Another thing I might bring up is not just the new product innovation, but were continuously optimizing the existing contracts. Now nothing I just might note is our two-year note futures as well as the two year note cash. So back in November, BrokerTec reduced the minimum price increments in the two year note cash. And in January we took a similar action in our two year note futures. Why is this important? This is important because while we're in a difficult volatility environment actually there is a Fed research paper that was published about a week and a half ago saying that the reduction in those minimum price increments massively increase the health of those marketplaces and increase volumes. So if you look at the increase in volumes on both the BrokerTec side as well as the CME side the two year notes went from being about 13%, Im approximating here about 13% of the overall Treasury complex on each platforms to about 16% on the future side that equates to an additional about 122,000 contracts a day. So, a very positive result there Invoice spreads, as I said earlier I'm seeing very good growth from 89,000 contracts a day last year to 180  118,000 so far this year a $1.92 RBC and this is really again taking advantage of the portfolio margin. As I also mentioned earlier we're seeing huge growth and people adopting and taking advantage of that.
Brian Bedell: Thanks John. Very helpful. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thank you.
Operator: And we have another follow-up question from Alex Kramm from UBS.
Alex Kramm: Hey. Thanks again. Just very two quick follow-ups with the things that were asked before. On the other revenue line just to clarify, you said the run rate is good, but we don't have any sort of quarterly history. So is there any seasonality in that kind of optimization business that we should be aware of, customers doing more in a certain quarter or the beginning of the year, so just anything to call out there? And then on the expenses, I think that was asked earlier. Do you actually -- I don't know if you gave the kind of incentive comp or bonus target for the year? Can you just give us a little bit of the range there and what it would take to be at the low end and the high end given that volumes obviously can bounce around and then performance can bounce around? Thanks.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thanks. In terms of  and just to be clear, we talked a little bit about the other revenue. The information or the revenue that goes into that line on the NEX side tends to be more subscription based. So, it should be less volatile than the transaction based revenue. So, when you're thinking about that line it tends to be a much more stable line. As I did mention there are a couple of things that are going to be rolling in there. One is the change in the collateral fee which will impact that line. Also there is -- as we move our staff into a consolidated office space well be sub leasing that office space. There will be some impact in that line as well. So that's a couple of points to think about as you model out the other revenue line. In terms of the expenses when you look at the compensation specifically on the CME side there is a range of outcomes when it comes to the bonus, really when we look at it, we look at bonus plus stock-based compensation is being kind of performance based comp. So to the extent that there is a cap and there is a cliff in terms of our bonus, so we don't hit a certain targeted we call it AIP or cash earnings target that bonus can go all the way down to zero depending on how we do. And we don't you know obviously we don't disclose that range. Although in the proxy you can see what it has been in the past. So that is -- that's what can happen in terms of the bonus. Obviously the stock based compensation is relative to our margins compared to a pure set and also our total return compared to the entire S&P 500.
Alex Kramm: All right. Thanks for clarifying. Take care.
John Pietrowicz: Thank you.
Operator: And that's all the time we have for questions today's. Speakers, I'll turn the conference back to you for additional or closing remarks.
Terrence Duffy: We appreciate very much the opportunity to answer your questions today. We look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-14 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the CME Group Fourth Quarter and Year-End Earnings Call. This call is being recorded [Operator Instructions]. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier: Good morning and thank you all, for joining us. I'm going to start with the Safe Harbor language. Then I'll turn it over to Terry and John for brief remarks and then we'll open it up for Q&A.  Statements made on this call and in the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in our filings with the SEC, which are on our website.  Lastly, on the final page of the earnings release, you will find a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures.  With that, I would like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, John, and thank you all, for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in CME Group. We had strong tailwinds in Q4. We averaged more than 20 million contracts per day, which was up 31% compared to the prior year. For our full year, we have record volumes in four product areas, along with total options and electronic options volume. We made progress expanding, our volume from global market participants during the year. In Q4, we had 22% volume growth from participants based outside the United States totaling more than 4.8 million contracts per day. For the full year we were up 18%. We launched a number of successful new product designed to solve customer needs during 18. Many of the new products were detailed in the executive commentary that we provided earlier this morning but let me just highlight a few of them. First the FX link was launched in March of 2018 and won the Risk Magazine Award for innovation of the year. It is currently being facilitated by nine futures commission merchants and the client base is growing. Liquidity is available across multiple currencies with clients noting that the prices often match or better FX swaps. FX Link had a record day of 24,000 contracts in January of 19. As related to Sulphur it was launched in May of 2018 and average daily volume built steadily to 14,800 contracts per day in December, reached to 18,000 in January and is averaging 23,000 per day in February. Global participation has surpassed a 105 firms including major banks, buy side and proprietary trading firms.  In November we launched Physical West Texas Intermediate Houston Crude Oil Futures in conjunction with Enterprise Products Partners, the leader in crude infrastructure in the Houston area. The product has steady growth from November to February and we think this offering will be useful addition to our existing energy franchise. We were pleased to announce the NEX Group acquisition in March and completed in early November. The markets in optimization business each performed well during the fourth quarter. Our teams are working in a really collaborative way and we have made good progress on the integration planning so far. In terms of the most important components of the integration we have let customers know that the BrokerTec migration to Globex will begin in 2020 and the EBS customer migration will begin in 2021.  Turning to this year volume has slowed across many global asset classes. We are averaging 17 million contracts per day this year. As I referred to earlier Q4 was an exceptional quarter and we saw high volatility. It's not unusual to see that the market pause following periods of elevated volatility. It is worth noting our open interest is currently sitting at a 129 million contracts. This is one reflection of the health of our business. Our options business is averaging 3.8 million contracts a day so far this year. The important part about this is that they are comparable to the levels of all of 2018. Options as a percent of the total volume has increased from 20.5% for 2018 to 22% in 2019. These are valuable tools in this environment.  Several global issues are in the headlines as many of you know, which could have an impact on any market, including Brexit, various trade negotiations, uncertainty around another potential government shutdown or other government actions. As we know markets like clarity and were hopeful that some of these issues I just outlined will start to get resolved.  That being said we do look closely at how our products compared to other alternatives and we continue to be the leader. Our strategy has been very consistent overtime. We focus on maximizing activity and bringing in new market participants to manage their risk, launching new products and enhancing existing products. We are intensely focused on expanding the core business and integrating the valuable components of the recent acquisition of the NEX Group. Expense discipline is something I have been very focused on along with my management team and we will continue to do so.  I would now like to turn the call over to John and look forward to your questions in a moment. John?
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Terry and good morning everyone. As Terry mentioned expense discipline is continued focus of the entire organization. Between 2016 and 2018 CME groups revenue has grown by $580 million excluding NEX, while total adjusted expense increased only $55 million during that time. We have built a very scalable platform and we intend to operate the combined CME and NEX businesses efficiently.  We are very pleased with how the integration is progressing so far. The teams are working well together as we begin our synergy and customer outreach plans. Our goal is to provide increased benefits for our market participants who have been providing us helpful feedback along the way in terms of what they'd like to see.  I'll briefly cover the financial results for the fourth quarter, and then I'll provide some guidance for 2019. Let me start with CME standalone results. Our revenue is up 15% for the full year and up 23% for the fourth quarter. Our rate per contract was strong considering the amount of activity we saw during the quarter which tends to be impacted by volunteers.  Market data revenue grew $8 million sequentially and included $6 million of incremental audit revenue with very stable screen counts. The annual adjusted expense without license fees increased by a modest 2.8%, which was line with our original guidance. The increase was driven entirely by bonus and stock-based compensation during 2018 reflecting the company's strong results. Otherwise expense would have been flat for the year. Our incremental operating margin for the year approached 90%.  In the fourth quarter NEX contributed $134 million of revenue, the majority of which was in the clearing and transaction fee line and $88 million of expense, with more than half reflected in the compensation line.  Overall adjusted EPS including the two months of NEX results was up 58% in the fourth quarter, the highest quarterly growth rate we've seen in the last decade. For the full year adjusted EPS grew by 43%. During 2018 we declared dividends totaling $1.6 billion.  Turning to the guidance for 2019, we anticipate expense excluding license fees to be between $1.65 billion and $1.66 billion reflecting a full year with NEX and the P&L impact of $25 million of expense synergies, we expect to deliver primarily in the back half of the year.  We continue to target $50 million run rate synergies by the end of the year. CapEx is anticipated to be between $180 million and $200 million. Finally we expect the effective tax rate to be between 24.5% and 25.5%. Please refer to the last page of our executive commentary, where we provide additional financial highlights and details.  With that short summary, we'd like to open the call for your questions. Based on the number of analysts covering us please limit yourself to one question and then feel free to jump back into the queue. Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Richard Repetto of Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead. 
Richard Repetto: Yeah. Good morning Terry, good morning John. And I guess -- good morning. You know you talk about expense discipline but I guess what I was very impressed, the precision of the guidance is pretty amazing as well. So I guess the question is NEX -- and John you mentioned this I think it was in total $134 million in revenue. When we look at the expenses $87 million, so anyway the margin looked at you know in the mid-30 to 35% pretax for NEX. And I think that's a little bit stronger than what we had anticipated.  So could you talk about sort of the outlook for NEX in the margins, given that I guess right out of the gate, the strong contribution?
Terrence Duffy: Sure, thanks Rich. Appreciate it. Yeah, couple of a couple of points you made there; first is, is the precision in terms of the guidance. We as a management team actively manage our expenses every day and you saw what happened over the last several years where we've been very close to the guidance we've been giving out. We do a bottoms-up build of the budget and then you know we manage it actively. So you saw this year we hit $1.105 billion and that was what we had guided to in the beginning of the year.  In terms of in terms of NEX's margin, there's a couple of points you know. Number one, the $88 million reflects two changes that are being made to the expenses, that impact NEX. The first is at the time of the acquisition internally developed capitalized software is included in purchased intangibles. So as we noted in the executive commentary, the NEX -- when you take a look at NEX's expense run rate that would go down by $5 million per month due to due to that treatment of that asset.  The second piece is again in capitalized software, as NEX rolls on to CME Group's policies we anticipate there to be less capitalization of wages and salaries. So that would mean less capitalized software and higher wages and salaries. And that we anticipate to be about $1 million per month.  So the net impact to NEXs expense rate would be a decrease of about $4 million per month. So if you take a look at NEXs margins, taking that depreciation impact into consideration, it's more in the 26% to 27% range if you're looking at it the way NEX previously treated those items.  So in terms of forward looking information, NEX is going to be following CME's business model. So in the future, some of NEXs organization or many of NEXs organizations we rolled into CME. So they'll lose the distinction of what is NEXs expenses versus what is CMEs expenses because we run a very much a shared services model. And that's what's going to be able to generate the synergies that we anticipate generating in the next several years.
Richard Repetto: Thanks, and congrats on a strong year. Terry and John.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you very much, Rich.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Dan Fannon from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Daniel Fannon: Thanks. Good morning. I guess it's a two part question here for you, John. So could you break down the expense guidance between what core CME is and what you're assuming for NEX in 2019? And then also if you could talk about, I think you said it was -- looks like it was accretive this quarter, kind of put some numbers around what the accretion you think could be or contribution could be in total for 19?
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Dan. Yeah, I think the way to look at it -- like I said at the start, we do a very much of a bottoms up build. So the way, the way one can look at is we took our expenses, which was $1.105 billion, and if you took NEXs expenses, excluding license fees, and you take November, December, and you annualize that, add the two together and multiply it by a growth rate of 3% and then back out $25 million in P&L expense synergies that gets you right around 16.50. So that kind of gives you an idea of how we approach from looking outside in. And really, the 3% reflects cost of living and escalators that we have in some of the service contracts that we have. So that's one way to look at it.  In terms of accretion, obviously out of the gate, we're cash accretive. We didn't give out any specific numbers around that, something that you can certainly calculate. We believe that as we phase in the synergies well be very pleased with the amount of contribution NEX will provide not only to our earnings but also to our annual -- to our dividend policy or capital return policy.
Daniel Fannon: Okay, thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: Great, thanks, good morning folks. Maybe if you guys talk a little bit about the revenue synergy opportunities with NEX, and I appreciate if you can really forecast and that's usually difficult area to forecast, but maybe if you can talk about some of the things that now that there -- the deal is closed what areas you're specifically looking at, where you think you can enhance your both legacy NEX and CME revenues and sort of maybe just a little bit of a timeline of those areas.
Bryan Durkin: Thanks, Brian. This is Bryan Durkin. We're really excited about how well we've hit the ground running, since we've closed the transaction. If you look at the performance well cover the market side first, looking at the BrokerTec activity, they had their largest quarter in almost, I think the history, up 25% and we're seeing continued drive towards that platform as it is the area of confidence that the market comes during uncertain time period.  When we look at the overall performance of the repo business, while slightly down in the U.S. repos, we're up to about 9% in our European repo business. And when we look at the foreign currency side of the market we've seen growth in terms of an increase in the client base accessing the platform it's up over 7%. So were excited about what that could mean to us in the context of bringing in other worlds two leading market places together, both in the foreign currency and the treasury market specter.  When you look at the optimization side of the business weve seen again continued growth in the services that are provided from TriReduce as well as TriResolve and TriBalance. Each of those areas are performing quite well. TriReduce has just rolled out some improvements to their platform, which allows the market participants to enjoy increased cycles in terms of their compression services and what we would call a low touch access to the platform to make it far more user friendly and far more accessible. With respect to the overall efforts of TriBalance weve actually increased the number of clients by about 50% in the past year. So the post trade services continues to be, we think a wonderful area for us to grow not only within the U.S. but more so on the internationals here. 
Terrence Duffy: Maybe I'll just add a little bit. This is Terry Duffy, on the EBS platform I referenced earlier in my remarks about the migration of not only BrokerTec coming on to the platform starting in 2020 and then the EBS coming on in 2021 we think that is something very exciting especially from the EBS. I think maybe Sean can talk a little bit more especially as it relates to the EBS on the cross selling opportunities that we could potentially see great growth from. So Sean maybe you want to touch on that little bit on the single platform.
Sean Tully: Yes. Thats great. Thank you Terry so on the EBS side were very excited about -- and actually saw the growth base off last year. So huge growth for example in NDFs, our non-deliverable forwards, where in the fourth they had extraordinarily strong growth. As well, we had very deep penetration internationally, and in particular, very high growth in CNH, especially with the volatility in the markets between the U.S. and China. So, great business, great growth. In terms of bringing the marketplaces together, Terry mentioned in the earlier remarks FX Link, where we're bringing together the OTC spot foreign exchange market along with our futures market and creating a clear, standardized, lower-totaled cost alternative to the FX swaps market, where we're seeing very good growth -- about 15,000 contracts a day so far this year. So very excited about bringing two platforms together, much like we had already worked hard at FX Link, as well in order to cross sell. In terms of that international side EBS has very deep penetration in regional banks in Asia and regional banks in Europe. So we are very excited about cross selling the CME Futures products into the OTC market as well as the OTC products into the futures market place. And we see those market places as highly complementary.
Terrence Duffy: So Brian hope that gives you a little flavor where were going as far revenue synergies.
Brian Bedell: Yeah and to the extent you can get pricing benefits for customers do you anticipate just getting more customers that you have a net positive revenue synergy that would offset any kind of price reductions?
Terrence Duffy: Yeah we havent discussed price Brian to-date and I think the synergies really are what we outlined, what Sean just said. Its especially I'm referring to the EBS side for sure because we have the ability to cross sell, have people trade both futures and cash on a single platform. We think theres a huge benefit there and what the pricing of that exact product will be is yet to be determined.
Brian Bedell: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Ben Herbert. Please go ahead.
Ben Herbert: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask on the open interest build year-to-date and if you could particularly talk about just large open interest holders and kind of the trend youre seeing there, I know is I think reached a high November but just wanted to ask about the year-to-date?
Terrence Duffy: Yeah, Ben its Terry Duffy. Let me just touch on that. I referenced to it earlier in my remarks this morning we had a 128,900,000 and some odd thousand, so just under 129 million so I think it rounded up to 129. But when you look at that its only in new commercial participants that are coming to our market. As you know, a lot of daily traders who facilitate liquidity. Whether they're high-frequency or algorithmic traders, they don't normally carry large open-interest positions, but the commercials do, which is, as I said earlier, a great sign of health for our business. So, what I'd like to do is maybe have Derek and Sean comment on what they're seeing from their respective sides of their businesses as relates to the OI holders. Derek, maybe you could start..
Derek Sammann: Yeah thanks Ben, its Derek Sammann here, Yeah, as Terry said were seeing a continued growth in the participation and what we're most excited about is the growth of the non-U.S. participation that's growing both OI participation and continuing to grow our liquidity footprints out across time zones. In the energy market specifically, we see a continued narrative around the globalizing gas and crude oil market where we're seeing infrastructure builds, export facilities. In fact, the EIA, which is the Energy Information Administration, put out a report confirming the U.S. has now as of November 2018 become the single largest producer of crude oil in the planet. So we're on track to deliver 11 million barrels a day in 2018. The expectation is that the U.S. is going to be producing 12 million barrels of crude oil in 2019. And natural gas is following that same path. What that means for participants using our Henry Hub Natural Gas contract or WTI crude oil contract, being a reinforcing of the global benchmark status that, that achieves is not only U.S. producing record amounts it's exporting record amounts. So on the back of what was an energy all-time record quarter Q1 '18 an all-time record revenue year in 2018 as a whole, we're continuing to see not only out performance of our energy franchise but growth in open interest and large open interest was driven in the energy business specifically from participants in Asia. So continued strong growth there.  One of the things we are looking at the large open interest holders and it's important to note that given the government shutdown, the CFTC has delayed report. So the large open interest holder reports are only out through the first week in January. So we're looking for a backlog of those reports that come out. But I think what you see is a continue trend that tracks the growth of our business, the global footprints reflective of the global benchmarks status of our products across the asset classes.  So I'll turn over to Sean for financials.
Sean Tully: Yeah, we're always very excited about bringing new participants, especially large open interest holders and last year was a great success. So in November, we had an all-time record in rates, LOIH, and then in September, we had record LOIH both in equities and in foreign exchange.  In addition to that, we continuously look at making sure that our products are the lowest total cost relative to any alternative products where people can take similar risks, in order to bring in those participants. So we're always excited about outperforming the alternative products and bringing the participants into our markets.
Terrence Duffy: Does that help, Ben?
Ben Herbert: Yes. Absolutely. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Alex Kramm of UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Hey, good morning everyone. I think this is both an ask going forward and also a question for now. But John, you didn't break down the revenues in particular on the transaction and clearing side for NEX. They used to do that between FX and treasuries and things like that. So I guess the question for today is do you have some of those numbers so we can see how those revenues are actually tracking because we can obviously check the volumes?  And then two, can you actually start breaking it out on a more consistent basis, which will be really helpful from a modeling perspective? I guess that's the ask. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Yes. Thanks, Alex. Yes, let me let me break down some of the geography on the income statement with regard to the revenue because it's a bit different than what NEX reported. In the clearing and transaction fee line NEX contributed $91 million. The majority of that is related to their markets business, so that would be EBS and BrokerTec.  In terms of the market data NEX contributed $12 million in market data and we're putting all of the market data for NEX in that line. The majority of the market data comes from their markets business as you would expect.  The balance with $31 million is in the all other line. And that is primarily all of the optimization businesses that NEX has excluding TriReduce, which is the compression business which is reflected up in the transaction -- clearing and transaction fee line. So that's the breakdown. We'll be looking at the appropriate level of disclosure going forward, as we spend some time with the businesses and determine what the right amount of information is that we should give out.  So we will be doing that going forward. Just some color around, as you're mentioning, we're giving out some of the volumes and we want to kind of give you a little bit of color there. So when you take a look at EBS. They're -- when you take a look at their revenue growth compared to their volume growth, is very much like CME Group in terms of that relationship, especially for their central limit order book. And then when you take a look at BrokerTec, their volume growth is higher than their revenue growth, is more pronounced because that's much more of a mature business and they have many more bespoke agreements.  So in terms of the overall business one of the things to take into consideration is that similar to CME Group, the types of our products that are being utilized. So for example, in EBS, if it's emerging markets versus G10 currencies, or if it's in BrokerTec, the amount of U.S. treasuries versus European repo have different revenue associated with that -- the type of transactions being done.  So whether it's central limit order book or bilateral trading impacts their revenue capture rate. And then finally the type of participant that trades also has an impact. So very similar to CME in terms of the impact on revenue growth versus transaction volumes. But we'll be looking at the appropriate level of disclosure, once we've had the opportunity to run the businesses for a little bit of time.
Alex Kramm: That's great. Thanks for the color and yes, the more you can give the better obviously. Thanks. 
John Pietrowicz: Yeah, we're very transparent organization and we will definitely keep that in mind.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Michael Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Sameer Murukutla: Hey. Good morning guys, this is actually Sameer Murukutla on for Michael Carrier. Just a question on, I guess, capital management, as you move forward past this deal, you guys are not that levered. So I guess, can you give us an update on where you would like your leverage to fall to, maybe how aggressive are you going to be in lowering that levels versus raising cash or dividend? And I guess, Terry, what's your interest near term on any other transformative M&A. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Good morning, Sameer. Thank you for the question. So let me tell you kind of where we're at, in terms of our leverage. CME has about $4.4 billion in total debt and we have an approximately 1.3 times debt-to-EBITDA. We have given guidance that by 2020, by the end of 2020, we want to be a one-time debt-to-EBITDA. So in the first quarter NEX had some debt that we inherited of about $400 million in Euro denominated senior notes which matures in early March and then they have $170 million yen-denominated term loan that is up at the end of March.  So as those mature we will likely replace that in the near term with commercial paper, and then we'll be paying down that commercial paper over the next several quarters, into next year as we -- as we delever down to one times debt-to-EBITDA.  In terms of -- I just want to bring up, in terms of interest expense, as you look to model it, I would expect interest expense to increase from this quarter to next quarter, as well bring on a full quarters impact of the acquisition financing. And that's going to be offset by some debt pay down that we did at the very end of Q4. And also there's a rate differential between the bonds and the term loan note versus the commercial paper.  So we should see a tick up, about 10% or so in terms of interest expense into the first quarter, then you'll see that come down over time as we de-lever.  In terms of the aggressiveness of de-levering, I think our actions reflect our sentiment in terms of how we're going to approach that. In terms of what we did in the fourth quarter we took a very balanced approach where in terms of how we approach the de-levering, we expect to do that this year. So we'll be very balanced in terms of the amount of de-levering versus the amount of capital return versus the amount of investment in the business. 
Terrence Duffy: So Sameer, let me just answer your latter question about M&A. Right now, I'll give you a very canned answer obviously, we're very focused on working on integrating the NEX transaction. I've been here a long time and one of the things I've been very focused on along with my management team is to create experiences that can benefit our clients. And if we see things that we can enhance the value of the client proposition, we think that's good for our business. Hence, the reason why we pursued the NEX transaction that we did. So we think that's ultimately good for the end user clients.  So that's a way of telling you that my focus, and we're not a company that does a deal a day, where we're very laser focused on creating value for the clients, because we know that will create value for the shareholders ultimately. And that's kind of how we approach this. So right now, that's what I'm looking at. I'm looking at completing the NEX integration and if there's things out there that make sense that would add value for the client, I am -- we're always willing to look at it. But right now, I'm focused just on the NEX integration.
Sameer Murukutla: Perfect. Thanks for the detail guys.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks Sameer.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Alexander Blostein : Hi guys, good morning. I was hoping to go back to the discussion on kind of core CME franchise. Total open interest trends definitely hanging in there. What I was hoping to zone into a little bit more is the energy business and it looks like the volumes obviously could be all over the place. And I don't want to extrapolate the first quarter, but it looks like open interest within energy down 20% or so year-over-year. So it was hoping to get a little more granularity what's behind that? Thanks.
Terrence Duffy: Derek, you want to comment on that?
Derek Sammann: Yeah, Thanks for the question. When you look at energy business. Yes, you have to bear in mind a couple of things in the context. In Q1 of 2018, we had an all-time going in record. In fact, we finished the year at all-time revenue record and we actually had come off November as a single month volume record as well. I think we put up 3.1 million ADV in the month of November and then within that on November 14 had a single day record of 5.1 million contracts.  So our comps versus what was in all-time record Q1 of '18 are tough and the success that we're having. What we are seeing is that in -- as we have built into the structural build of the energy market, I talked earlier about what we're seeing is continued infrastructure supportive of record generation and production of U.S. crude and natural gas. And now the infrastructure built around that with LNG facilities coming online in the Gulf this year, we're seeing an increased participation in NYMEX based products based on the U.S. benchmark. So we are seeing a tough start to this year, along with most of our assets classes here. I think what we're focused on is what we've always done to Terry's point, how can we build a suite of products and functionalities and a product suite that best suits the needs of our commercial end user customer base. So coming off a record year, the number of innovations and builds that we're putting in place from Q4 into Q1, this year with things like our new Houston contract that we launched in November.  When you look at the growth of that contract, we launched that November 5, that launched we have doubled our volume in January versus November, December of last year a little over 1.1 just over 1,000 contracts today. Open interest is up to 4,000 contracts. And we're seeing that actually trade. What's interesting about the Houston contract is that contract actually trades as a spread sort of WTI contract.  So customers that are part of the emerging export infrastructure for global crude are using NYMEX space, Cushing WTI product and spreading that against the physically delivered Houston contract. That means a contract in our WTI is linked to a contract trade as a spread against HCL. So we're excited about the continued innovation growth there.  When you look at particular the open interest numbers you need to look at the benchmark products and the power figures are tiny, tiny contracts. We've removed those from the earnings information that we gave you guys on slide 8. So note the overall kind of OI in that in that contract as a whole is relatively flat over the last couple years.  So we're really focused on what we're doing with coming off record years and record months of 2018. The innovations with things like Houston crude, just reinforces the WTI benchmark. What we've announced in the crude options market first time ever providing commercial customers an ability to directly sell their crude products on a CME Group platform. The first option will go live in November 5, or excuse me, March 5, and that will continue to support the WTI franchise.  And when you look at the state of our franchise versus the other guy out there, we're actually seeing that our overall market share in all 2018 was about 57% of WTI versus Brent. We've actually built up to 60% in January and 62% in February. So you've seen us innovate and grow our product expand our client base, focused on outperformance when we have tailwinds and outperformance versus competitive products when we have headwinds as well. So that's what we're doing to solve customer problems and really focus on our end user commercial participants.
Alexander Blostein : Got it. Thanks for the detail.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Jeremy Campbell of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Campbell: Hey, thanks, guys. So, your CapEx guide of $180 to $200 million versus your more typical $100 million annual pace -- how much of that lift is the long-term run rate now with NEX, and how much more is it more of a near-term or one-time-type function of items like tech enhancements, platform integration, and cost-achieve integration?
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Jeremy this is John. So yeah, if you take a look at C&E historically its been in the $80 million to $100 million in terms of our CapEx. NEX has been more in the 100 to 114ish range so that gives you kind of a range of a $180 million to $214 million in terms of the combine companies range.  And NEX is a different business than we are. So theres more investments in some of their platforms, especially in optimization. So thats been some of the investments theyve been making. I would expect its come down overtime as we migrate their mortgage businesses on to Globex, but I do expect an elevated level of CapEx going forward but probably not at this level for the long run.
Jeremy Campbell: Got it and then John I think you mentioned that RPCs are low this quarter because were hitting lot of volume tiers after a really good kind of volumes in fourth quarter is it kind of fair to think that like where volumes are tracking year-to-date that we might see RPCs coming closer to 3Q levels?
John Pietrowicz: I think its safe to say that there's a couple of things that factored into the RPC this quarter versus previous quarters. One is obviously the amount of volume was tremendous in the fourth quarter. Also we saw interest rates being a higher proportion of the overall volumes versus some of the other product lines. So definitely I would expect the RPC in aggregate to go higher to the extent that theres less volume. But its also a function of market participants and also the types of products that are been traded. 
Jeremy Campbell: Thanks guys. 
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Jeremy.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Chris Harris of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Christopher Harris: Thanks, guys. So, we've got a more dovish Fed all of a sudden. What do you think that implies for the growth of CME's business over the near term? I think that would be a negative on the margin, but I'd like to hear your thoughts?
Terrence Duffy: Well I'm going to go ahead and let Sean comment and then I might make a comment or two also Sean?
Sean Tully: Yeah, so thank you for that. Youre correct in terms of market expectations. But so while weve had a few tightening over the last few years, each year at the moment there are no tightening predicted for this year. Nonetheless were constantly focused on new product innovation, bringing in new clients and relatively to RPC question earlier lot of that new product growth has to do with innovation and adjustments to our product mix. So Ill give you some example. Actually, looking at the BrokerTec side -- I'll mention that for a moment -- back in November, BrokerTec reduced the minimum price increments in their two-year notes, and that caused very strong growth in the two-year notes relative to the rest of their complex, north of 5%. So, that product adjustment was taken very positively by the marketplace, making it lower cost to cross the bid offer spread on that platform, causing strong growth. Similarly, in January, CME Group lowered the minimum pricing increment in our tier notes. So the tier note futures. And in terms of that, that likewise seeing an uptick of about 2.3% relative to the entire complex. So were seeing very strong growth in the tier notes relative to those changes to those products. But also talk a bit about penetration I spoke earlier were constantly focused on the futures side as well as the OTC side to make sure that weve got the lowest cost product relative to alternatives. Thats a total cost product. So if you look at treasury futures in particular one things that weve talked in the last few years is our growth relative to the overall cash market place. Were currently buying at a 116% our treasury futures versus cash treasury bond market. So we see continued strong growth. In addition to that invoice spreads, Ive talked about that a number of times over the last couple of years.  Invoice spreads CME Group relative to portfolio margin illustrates swaps against our treasury futures offers a much lower total cost alternative to the soft spread market. That marketplace this year is running it over 100,000 contracts a day. That's grown from several years ago, about 8,000 contracts today to now well over 100,000. So a high RPC product, that RPC is around $1.90. So and we've grown it from about 8,000 to well over 100,000 a day this year.  In addition to that, I might talk maybe a little bit more about some of the other innovations and impact they've had. Sulphur futures continue to do very well. Our Sulphur futures marketplace is now running about 92,000 contracts open interest more than 105 participants. December, we did about 14,000 a day, January, about 18,000 a day and this month about 23,000 a day in terms of the contracts. On the equity side, continued innovation there. Basis Trade Index Close, a very exciting results high RPC product, right about $2.60. That particular product last year, you may recall 2017 we did about 13,000 contracts a day, last year; we did about 40,000 contracts a day. This year, we're doing 44,000 contracts a day.  Last thing, I'd like to mention is a total return futures. Total return futures are a standardized listed lower total cost alternative to equity index swaps, Those OTC equity index swaps. This is important under the uncleared margin rules. And we're seeing very good growth there. So in December, we launched further out the curve in our S&P complex. So went from 18 months out to around 5 years in the futures.  We also launched NASDAQ, Dow and Russell total return features. That product, while it's only doing about 3,000 contracts a day, has an RPC of well over $5. So we continue to innovate, we continue to bring more clients, we continue to drive our total cost benefits. 
Terrence Duffy: Now, let me just add a little bit, I think Sean really hit on all the high points there and so it's kind of hard for me to add anymore, other than we've been able to grow our interest rate business over the last several years, especially in a zero interest rate environment, which I think is really impressive because the innovations that Sean and his team have outlined and brought forward.  But secondly, CME is not just an industry business. When you look at just this morning, you look at the President maybe going as far as extending the trade agreement with China for another 60 days, which on the pre-market rallied the market dramatically, which people needed to manage risk. A few moments after that you had retail sales come out with the biggest percentage drop since 2009. So people needed to manage the risk there. We have all the products to manage that risk. And so I think it's really important to note that CME business is not based just on a dovish or all hawkish bet.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Ken Worthington of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning. BrokerTec went down in early January. And it seems to have had a bigger impact on trading than say, when we see equities, the New York Stock Exchange or NASDAQ go down. What reaction have you experienced from regulators and dealers and to what extent do you think there might be any longer term implications from the shutdown and the impact it had on the market?
Bryan Durkin: Thank you. It's Brian Durkin I mean, first of all, yes, we had an unfortunate incident that occurred during that session, and it was attributable to internal operational error that we were able to identify quickly resolve. And we put in the remediation steps to ensure no future current in that regard. And explaining to our marketplace, what had taken had taken place, the market responded very understandably, and very appreciative of I think, the immediacy with which we handled the situation and the responsiveness that we were able to provide to the marketplace in terms of recovery resolution and moving forward.  And I just would like to note that December in that period was our all-time high in terms of our overall activity, which again goes to the efficacy of the platform overall. The continuity of performance that has been enjoyed and will continue to be enjoyed going forward.
Ken Worthington: Okay. And the regulatory response?
Bryan Durkin: As we normally would, we just communicated what had transpired and the remediation steps that we took to prevent future occurrences. 
Terrence Duffy: That's very common what we do in all these situations, right. 
Ken Worthington: Okay and no implications you think?
Bryan Durkin: No, from the perspective of the user base and where we are with moving forward, no were very confident in terms of the controls that we have in place.
Ken Worthington: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Kyle Voigt of KBW. Please go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Hey, good morning. Most of mine have been answered but just maybe this one on the cash treasuries market, the market structure I think remains relatively bifurcated in that business the client dealer and dealer to dealer space with NEX mostly playing in the dealer to dealer space. I guess, one for maybe for Terry or Sean I just wanted to hear your long term view in terms of the market structure evolution in that cash treasuries market and how thats going to unfold or maybe out CME is going to play a role in that looking forward?
Terrence Duffy: Kyle, thanks. Ive said this from the moment we announced the NEX transaction and I am passionate about this we did not acquired NEX to change the market structure as it relates to BrokerTec. We believe in that market structure, we believe the market participants who are utilizing that platform which are the largest banks and biggest platforms around that theres going to be change theyre going to be the probably the ones influencing that change. We like the transaction because we think its complementary to derivatives business. Thats why we like BrokerTec so much. But on the market structure standpoint I and nobody around this institution is looking is to change any of the market structure as it relates to BrokerTec. I dont know that Sean or Bryan you might want to make a comment but thats where we are at with this transaction today. And listen I think that this acquisition of NEX and I think the components that it has especially BrokerTec EBS and others are very valuable for the clients. As I have said earlier my focus and the teams focus is on how do we create an experience that could help benefit the clients whether theyre trading cash or futures. And that to me is what critically important for us is the market structure so were staying away from that component.
Kyle Voigt: Yeah, fair enough, and then John if I can ask the same question as an earlier caller here when you said that 10% uptick you expect for interest expense in 1Q I just want to clarify that is that versus the adjusted interest expense number of the $44 million this quarter?
John Pietrowicz: Yeah, thats correct. I mean as I said were going to have a full quarters impact of the acquisition financing that only included two months. So you get a full quarters impact and then youve got full quarters impact of having NEXs debt on our books and then you also will have some offset or some reductions to interest expense. As I said we had a paydown towards the very end of Q4 and then also youve got rate differential between NEX's debt and the commercial paper that will replace their debt with in the short term. So thats why you see itll be a tick up in the first quarter and then youll see it go down in overtime. We expect the majority of the pay down for this year to occur in the back half of the year.
Kyle Voigt: Okay, great, thank you.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks Kyle.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Chris Allen of Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Chris Allen : Good morning guys. I think most questions have been answered. And I guess just one quick one any update on the DTCC clearing link and the progress you guys are making there in terms of customer uptick and how you hit thinking about clearing opportunities long term?
Terrence Duffy: Bryan?
Bryan Durkin: Thank you were continuing to work closely with DTCC in terms of trying to enhance what currently is available with the two path margin and capabilities and seeing what opportunities exists now that these wonderful assets as a part of CME Group, what we can do to extend that further. Were very excited about the opportunities in front of us. In that regard our goal is to really assist our clients in terms of enhancing their capital efficiency and we'll hopefully have more to report down the road.
Chris Allen: Thanks guys.
Terrence Duffy: Yeah, thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back to the speakers, for any additional or closing remarks. 
Terrence Duffy: Let me thank all of you for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in CME Group and we look forward to talking to you all soon. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Peschier - CME Group, Inc. Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc. John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc. Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc. Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc. Sunil Cutinho - CME Group, Inc. Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.
Analysts: Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Sameer Murukutla - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris Allen - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the CME Group Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, and thank you, all, for joining us today. And we're going to start with the Safe Harbor language. Then, I'll turn it over to Terry for some brief remarks, followed by your questions. Other members of our management team are here also and will participate in the Q&A session. Statements made on this call and in the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any of these statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in our filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Also, on the last page of the earnings release, you will find a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, John, and thank you, all, for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in CME Group. I hope you got a chance to read through the third quarter earnings commentary document we provided earlier this morning. We have made good progress with several initiatives during the quarter. So, let me share a few of those highlights. The diversity of our deep liquid product offerings was important during Q3, as trading generally slowed on exchanges around the world following a very strong first half of the year. At CME, we saw particular strength in treasuries, equities, emerging market, FX futures and several commodity products. This offset a bit of a slowdown in global energy trading based on market conditions and fundamentals. More importantly, we gained traction in new offerings, including our SOFR and SONIA interest rate futures contracts. We saw rising volume in open interest, as well as our record volume in our S&P Select Sector futures in September. We set new daily records in the new monthly FX futures and CME FX Link offerings. This totaled approximately 50,000 contracts on a single day in September. Within our commodities complex, we announced a Q4 launch date for physically-delivered WTI Houston Crude Oil Futures contracts. This helps reinforce the strength of our global benchmark WTI Cushing contract. In metals, we also saw continued growth in the copper options. We had record Q3 average daily volume in our wheat options and also records in our Livestock options complex. We continue to make investments in our global sales effort. In September, we launched a new interactive CME Liquidity Tool to help market participants analyze liquidity, including current and historical bid-ask spreads, book depth and cost to trade statistics across the CME asset classes. Customers can analyze activity during U.S., London and Singapore trading hours, helping to create new trading opportunities. CME's new Liquidity Tool has attracted a large amount of interest from clients across the globe. This is available on CME's website, and I encourage all of you to take a quick look at it. We're also pleased to announce the extension of the exclusive NASDAQ futures license through 2029, ensuring market participants worldwide will continue to have seamless access to our suite of NASDAQ products and benefit from the capital efficiencies by trading alongside our industry-leading Equity Index complex. Finally, with respect to our next transaction, we're pleased to announce that the Department of Justice approved  with the approval of the transaction, we continue to expect the deal to close before the  before yearend. We have been working diligently over the last few months on the high-level integration planning with the NEX team. Our trading volume has picked up nicely so far in October. We are up 41% quarter-to-date versus last year. I mentioned product diversity earlier, and it's nice to see interest rates, equities that are up significantly in Q4 so far, with the other four product areas growing just as well. With that short summary, I'd like to open up the call for your questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our first question will come from Brian Bedell, Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks. Maybe can you just talk a little bit about the equities complex. We did see the RPC drop in that area a little more than we expected. If you can talk about the development of some of the new contracts. It looks like, as you outlined, BTIC, Bitcoin was only about 3% of that. I mean, it was a very good development but it's only about 3% of the total equities line. So, I don't know if that had any influence on the RPC. I would have thought actually would have been positive. Maybe if you can just address those drivers.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Brian, its Terry Duffy. What I'm going to ask John to do is talk a little bit about the RPC, and then Sean can give a little bit more flavor on the fundamentals of the overall equity market. Is that okay?
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, yeah. Great. Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Okay. Good. John?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Great. Well, thanks, Brian. Yeah. We did have  we did see a sequential decline in the RPC from Q2 to Q3. It was driven by  primarily by two things. One, we had a higher proportion of member volume, and we also had lower activity in our premium priced privately negotiated products than last quarter. If you take a step back, overall, we're very pleased with our RPC performance in the equities complex. When you consider that we had both higher volume and a higher RPC compared to Q3 of last year, and as Terry alluded to in his prepared remarks, we've seen a very strong start to the fourth quarter with equities up more than 115%. I'll turn it over to Sean to talk a little bit about some of the activity in some of our newer products.
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah. We're very excited about a lot of the new products that we've launched. So, on the BTIC, or Basis Trade Index Close, which was launched now a couple of years ago; last year, you'll recall probably that we did around 13,000 contracts. This year, we're doing 36,000 contracts, and it's got nearly a $3 RPC. So, we're very excited about the developments there. Other developments, we've announced that we've extended the NASDAQ contract. We're very excited about that. We recently had an all-time record day in the NASDAQ contract, and we're seeing huge growth year-over-year in those volumes of over 50%. So, we're extremely excited about that  extremely excited about the success there. Another thing that we've been doing that we've talked a lot about, as you know, delivering margin capital and total cost efficiencies to the marketplace. One of the areas that we've done that, in particular, with the advent of the uncleared margin rules in OTC space, is we've offered total return futures on our S&P complex. We currently only offer those products out to 18 months, so relatively short. Nonetheless, we've got huge traction. We now have over 200,000 contracts, open interest, in our S&P 500 total written futures. The total return market  total return swap market, I should say  trades out to 10 years very actively. So, we are looking to extend that product beyond the S&P 500 to add additional indices. We're also looking to extend and add additional futures contracts that will extend the product out in terms of the maturities. So, we're very excited actually about those developments in the equity market.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: And I think, Brian, the other question you had was on Bitcoin? Is that right?
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, yeah. And then, what I guess I'm getting at  I mean, it's definitely good development of these products. I would think they would be accretive to that RPC. I know Bitcoin is and BTIC is. So, maybe just your thoughts as you develop those into 4Q. Clearly, the member side of it might swing things around. But can we expect an uptick in the  a rebound in that equity RPC?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah. John?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sure, yeah. I think really what you saw this quarter, Brian, was more member activity trading than we saw then in Q2, which obviously they have a lower RPC also because there was more member activity. They hit more of the  more price tiers, which also had an impact to the RPC. One of the things I also mentioned was the privately negotiated trades were down as more people are using Globex than the privately negotiated trades. And Globex has a lower RPC than those privately negotiated trades. Sean, do you want to add anything to that?
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah  no, I fully agree with what John said. If you look at the year-to-date RPC last year versus the year-to-date RPC this year, it's up substantially. So, it was similar to the Q3 event when as you know we saw very low volatility. If you, again, look at October, October has been a phenomenal month, with our equities complex up well over 100% on a year-over-year basis in the month. In addition to that, I might mention, in terms of large open interest holders, Q3 obviously was a very quiet quarter, if I could say that. October, we're growing, if I could say, very, very strongly across all of the asset classes, in the financial scene, in particular. One thing I'd like to mention  one of the things that Derek and I say continuously is we look to grow our complex in any volatility environment. So, I think we're very pleased with the fact that we reached a record number of large open interest holders in each and every one of the financials asset classes during the month of September. Remember, again, Q2 was relatively quiet so  but we had a record in FX, we had a record in rates, we had a record  new all-time record in equities. So, bringing new participants in, we're getting deeper penetration with our existing participants and we're growing much stronger brace  base, excuse me, to grow from.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: I want to add one more thing only because it's opportunistic, Brian, and John referenced it and I think it's important. When John talked about the lower rate per contract in the equity complex due to some ex-pit transactions, they are now migrating on to Globex, that is an extremely positive story for CME Group. Everything we've talked about since this company has gone public is about the liquidity coming to a central limit order book place to be the most cost-efficient marketplace in the world. This is validating our model. So, I want to make sure we understand. This is a good story not a bad story in that rate per contract because of where the business is going.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. That's really helpful. And then, maybe just to add on one on the interest rate, John, while you're at it on the equities. Maybe if you can talk about the development of the SOFR contracts and you've launched the SONIA as well. And maybe just describe what you think might be the substitution effect versus the Eurodollar and the futures  Fed Funds futures  or do you think the launch of these contracts will be additive to the overall volume; in other words, with a multiplier effect rather than a substitution effect?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah. We definitely see right now and it is completely additive. So, we see the opportunity with the new interest rate benchmark to see basis trading in particular between that benchmark and the existing benchmarks, right. CME Group with our future open interest and Eurodollar futures, fed fund futures as well as the treasury futures, is the place to trade the basis between the new index and so the SOFR index, if I could say it, relative to those other indices. We've offered intercommodity spreads against our Eurodollar futures, for example, and our fed funds futures. That means that it is the single most efficient place from an execution standpoint, so minimizing your execution costs to trade the bases between SOFR and LIBOR, or SOFR and OIS, or SOFR and Fed Funds. In addition to that, we have  obviously, with the large open interest in fed funds and Eurodollars, in addition to that, the efficient from a capital margin and total cost perspective relative to the clearing with up to 85% margin offsets against all other futures contracts. So, in addition to that, in regards to SOFR, we now have over 80 participants trading SOFR contracts. We've got over 40,000 contracts open interest. That is the equivalent of over $155 billion in notional terms, and we're trading about 8,000 contracts a day this month. So, we are excited about that. In terms of SONIA, we have an ADV this month of 3,400 contracts. So, we're also getting very, very good traction there. One  another unique value proposition that CME Group has that no other firm has, no other clearing house has in the world is  we're both clearing the SOFR interest rate swaps and we're clearing the SOFR futures. So, we did announce  we did start clearing SOFR interest rate swaps. We've cleared interest rate swaps for five different institutions. There was a great  if you've seen our press release  some of the top rates institutions on the planet have already started clearing the SOFR interest rate swaps with us. So, we also have that unique value proposition of having both the futures and the swaps and we have that both for SONIA and SOFR.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, John.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you, Brian.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question will come from Dan Fannon, Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Terry, some of your domestic peers here are dealing with some regulatory scrutiny, and obviously from the SEC and not your primary regulator. But just wanted to get a sense of the dynamics of the rhetoric that  with the CFTC or anywhere else  is really changing and what you're focused on from a regulatory perspective at this point.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: So, Dan, it's a good question because I think there can be a little bit of confusion between the two different regulators and the two different models. So, I'm assuming you're referring to some of the SEC rulings as it relates to pricing on market data, number one. And I'm assuming you're also talking about what we're dealing with from a regulatory standpoint from European equivalents on the other. Is that a fair way to categorize your question?
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Yes.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: So, on the market data and how we work with our regulator, our regulator does not approve any pricing at CME Group, where the SEC obviously does. We have proprietary products that we invest a tremendous amount of revenue and tremendous amount of manpower into developing these contracts. You just heard Sean Tully talk about the SONIA, the SOFR, some of the other  the BTIC products that we have come up with and him and his team did to add value. So, we don't go down the path of having to get approval from the CFTC on pricing of these and that includes also our market data. So, that's different from the SEC model. On the equivalents issue, you saw the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission a week or so ago get very aggressive with the Europeans, letting them know quite well that the U.S. will not be a political football  using my words, not his  and in this game between the UK and the EU as it relates to central clearing houses being able to do business in certain jurisdictions. So, as the Commodity Exchange Modernization Act was written in 2000, our sole regulator is the CFTC and we cannot actually comply with what is being proposed out of a mere 2.0 by ESMA to be in that Tier 2 section because it would be technically against U.S. law. So, I think what's going on now is cooler heads are starting to prevail and will start to get the deference that the Chairman has been calling for here in the U.S. And that's why I see that outside of that from a regulatory standpoint I think, as we said earlier, we're thrilled about the Department of Justice and their approvals on our transaction and we're just going forward. But outside of that and from a regulatory side, I think CME  and I've said this for a long time, the headwinds of CME are now behind us on regulatory issues. We've dealt with this between 2009 and say 2013, 2014 before all rules are finalized but the rules are the road here in the U.S. are very clear, and I think that's been a great benefit to not only exchanges like ours but the banking system of the United States as well.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question will come from Kyle Voigt, KBW.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess one just on energy open interest. I'm just looking at your WTI futures open interest specifically. It looks like, as of yesterday, it was tracking down about 10% year-on-year. And I think WTI is one of your three largest contracts by revenue and you posted a very strong growth over the past four years in this contract. So, I was just wondering, I guess, why the turn here for the open interest? And I was wondering, what do you think is causing that and whether you believe the structural growth for WTI is still intact?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Derek?
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah. Kyle, it's Derek Sammann. Thanks for asking that. Yeah, I appreciate the opportunity. The TI contract has been a huge growth driver for, yeah, over the last four years for us and continues to do so. We saw an industry-wide slowdown in Q3 this year. If you actually look at the year-to-date market shares between, sort of the growth of our WTI contract, year-to-date we're down 2%. We're seeing ICE's Brent contract down about 4%. In line with that, we are seeing some pullback in open interest. We hit a peak open interest level of about 2.6 million contracts in mid-May. We've seen that track lower; we're down just to about 2.2 million, pretty much in line with our Brent OIS as well. So, we are not seeing anything other than I think what has been a quiet period trading. Generally, when you look at sort of the conditions of trading in the energy market through a Brent, through WTI, a market where you got high price, low volatility and where you see that TI-Brent spread move out, generally, that's a set of combination of factors that really kind of tends to provide some pullback for some market participants. So, we're not necessarily surprised. We are seeing an industry slowdown a little bit. But we're very pleased about it, as we're seeing the continued participation and strength of the commercial participants. If you go back to probably 2012, 2013, 2014, we were probably underpenetrated with the commercial client base and the work we've done over the last four years, driving a lot of the growth that you just referenced in our TI contract has been predicated on getting into and being relevant and having the participation of those commercial participants. They were the contributing factor to record OI and TI up above 2.6 million contracts. So, we've had a good start to Q4. I think our Q4  our energy volume is up about 10%. We're seeing continued participation from the commercial participants, and you also saw us announced that we have a November 5 launch date for our Houston physical crude contract. So, we're excited about what that brings to the overall completion of the physical and a value chain from Cushing into the Gulf of the export market participants. And we've been working very closely with the commercial participants to get to that launch. So, certainly, the slowdown in Q3, we're seeing that pick up again along with our nat gas volumes year-to-date and going into Q4 as well.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Great. And then, if I could ask you a follow-up. Just wondering if you could give some high-level thoughts as to the  just because there's heightened investor attention around this  around the expected resiliency of your earnings stream through a cycle? And there maybe are some potentially, like, obvious impacts to in  an adverse economic scenario maybe to your net investment income or the S&P index equity income that you have, right, in the income statement. But just trying to get a sense of really how you think your volume would hold up in that type of environment, just given that, during the financial crisis, we did see some large declines in open interest and volumes in certain product classes? Thanks.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sure. Pardon me. I'll start Kyle. This is John. Then, I'll turn it over to Sean to make comment on some of the financial products. But generally speaking, as you know, we've got a very resilient model. So, even during the toughest times during the crisis, we still are very cash generative. We still had very good margins. And it's really a function of the need even in these  in those periods of time for people to hedge. So, one of the things that Sean had mentioned in his comments is really developing the markets with regard to the volatility environment. So, what we've done is we've been able to grow even on the slowest days, our volume. So, if you look at our slowest 10 days, you see that increasing over the last several years. So, really, we're becoming embedded in our customers' day-to-day operations. In terms of our financial profile, I would say you would see us taking a strong look at our expenses with our several line items, which we can take a look at. With regard to slowdown, the variable portion is you see in terms of our bonus, you also see in terms of our license fees. Those are two line items that will decline in a situation where we have declining volumes. Also, in terms of our interest income line, that's really a function of where our customers want to invest their money. If there's a crisis and they want to invest their money in cash, we certainly would earn as they move to cash from fixed income. Also, in terms of other factors that we would take into consideration, it would be really around why the recession is coming. So, generally speaking, if it's a highly volatile situation, we'd see an uptick in volumes followed by obviously a slowdown, should there be a recession. Sean?
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah. So, we continuously look, as John said, right, and I've mentioned it earlier, in every environment to grow our complex, right, with a record number of large open interest holders in each and every one of the financials asset classes during the Q3 when volatility was lower is, I think, a good example. Another good example is, during zero interest rate policy in the United States, we continued to launch a lot of new products and continued to grow the rates complex. If you look today actually at our treasury futures complex, over the last 52 weeks, we're now running at over 111% of the average daily volumes of the cash treasury bond market. That number, if you'll recall, was in the mid-50s just five or six years ago, so huge growth there. In addition to that, in terms of new products, we talked about SONIA and SOFR. We also launched new Eurodollar Mid-Curve options this year. Those are traded  the new contracts  a fifth quarterly as well as some term Mid-Curves three, six and a nine-month contract and have traded over 0.5 million contracts. I didn't mention actually earlier anything on the FX complex, but we're having very good success with our new monthly futures. Our new monthly futures recently had a day of 33,000 contracts. We also traded at a spread to the quarterly another 12,000. So on that day, those new monthly contracts added 45,000 contracts to our FX complex. This obviously, if you think about our FX complex only does about 1 million contracts a day, so that's a very significant impact on the overall growth. We've also launched FX Link. FX Link recently doing about 9,000 contracts a day. This allows participants in the OTC FX swap market to move their positions into standardized listed lower total cost alternative. So, we're very excited about that. In terms of the financial crisis, I think the overall system is in completely different place today. Bank balance sheets are strong. Economic growth is strong. And in a very strong environment where you see large price volatility, we see a lot more volume. And you can see that in October where our interest rate complex year-over-year in the month is up 43%, equities complex is up 116% and the FX complex is up as well. So, it is a very healthy volatility.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Just one last thing is  Kyle, just to put an exclamation point on what Sean was saying. If you look at our volume over the last 40 years, there's only been a handful of times where the current volume was less than the previous year's volumes. So, only a handful of times, and that's through a myriad of economic and financial conditions. So, as I was saying at the start, our model is very resilient and I think we are in a much better place today than we were even before the crisis.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question will come from Brian Bedell, Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hello. Hey. Thanks for taking my follow-up. Just a couple of clarifications. Can you talk about the spread income that you're getting on a cash collateral held at the Fed and sort of the outlook into the fourth quarter after the September rate hike in terms of what you're getting and what you're paying out and maybe the cash collateral balances  the client cash collateral balances held at the Fed at the end of September?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sure, Brian. Thanks. If you take a look at our financial statements, overall earnings from managing cash was up about $1 million, with returns on corporate cash offsetting lower earnings related to cash on deposits to clearing house. Those deposits were down about $1.5 billion on average versus the second quarter, and our earnings were down about $2 million sequentially. Now, the rate of decline in terms of the average balances held at the clearing house has slowed compared to the decline between the first quarter and the second quarter, which was down about $7.5 billion. We've been retaining zero over the last couple of Fed hikes and returning all of that to our customers. We want to be competitive in terms of other investment alternatives that our customers have. So, looking at, so far in the month of October, we've seen those balances come down about another $1.5 billion from the end of September to today.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, just on the  some of the  non-GAAP items and the FX losses and the losses on derivatives and the debt cost for the acquisition  I guess, going into fourth quarter, are we going to be sustaining any of those debt cost relative to NEX? And then, maybe if you could just characterize the derivative losses and FX losses and your hedging programs there?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sure. The loss on derivatives line in our non-GAAP reconciliation is the loss on the FX currency hedges that we have for NEX. So, those would end once the transaction gets closed. In terms of the debt cost, we will roll those  those will start to roll in once the transaction closes. In terms of the other FX changes, that is  those will change a bit based on our go-forward hedging views, which we'll provide you some guidance on that once the transaction closes.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then, just lastly on the annual variable dividend, it looks like you have $1.4 billion in excess cash, less the $700 million, I think that you typically earmark...
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yes...
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: ...balance plus the free cash flow that you'll be generating in the fourth quarter. And is it just the October and November because I think you just decide that in December or is it the full three months? Is that an accurate way to think about the variable?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah. I would think about it  you hit it right on the head. We have $700 million in excess of our $700 million minimum. We will use cash plus commercial paper to fund the balance of the transaction and we do  that's a Board decision in terms of the annual variable dividend and that's  we usually review that with the Board end of November and early December, when we set the level for the annual variable dividend. And we take a look at the entire fourth quarter when we do that.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Right. Okay. Great. Thanks for the follow-up.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: All right. Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question will come from Michael Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Sameer Murukutla - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, guys. This is actually Sameer Murukutla on for Michael. Just a quick question, given the recent default of one of your peers' clearing houses, Terry, can you just give us your thoughts on how you think the European regulators would respond? Would there be any increased call for skin in the game again? And how do you see the European reviews spreading across the pond, albeit with a more friendly regulatory environment here in the U.S.?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Sameer, I think it's really difficult to answer that question right now until all the facts are  been analyzed by NASDAQ and their counterparties. One of the things that we do not have here at CME, as you know, we don't have anybody that does not come through an FCM. So, there is an extra layer of protection that comes into our clearing house. And as far as skin in the game goes, I'm always a big believer that you don't want to create a moral risk or a moral hazard by letting the exchanges who are agnostic to the price going up and down having  have someone have their capital put at risk first. We are big believers in people that introduce risks to the system should be putting the monies into the system and that is to protect, in my opinion, the smaller FCMs that are part of that default pool. If you look here in the United States, some of our smallest FCMs are clearing some of the most important business around, which is how we all eat in this country and produce food and other products. And the banks don't clear those particular clients. So, if in fact they're a large bank or somebody else was to have a major default and take down some of the smaller FCMs, we think that would obviously be more catastrophic than what happened in Europe. So, as far as skin in the game goes, we do believe that people who bring the risk, introduce the risk should be putting up the money to protect the entire system. And that to me is the fairest way to look at it. CME today  Sunil can comment  we have roughly across all our  about $400 million, how much do we have in the default funds?
Sunil Cutinho - CME Group, Inc.: $250 million.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: $250 million in our default funds across our businesses. We think we have a significant amount of money and skin in the game. Is it going to trickle back here to the U.S.? I think what I just laid out for you in a very short argument will hold  I will say that many more times I'm certain for months to come. But I've been saying it for years already, and I think the argument is extremely valid that whoever brings the risk and introduces it needs to make sure they put the money up to protect the rest of the system.
Sameer Murukutla - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Terry. I appreciate the detail. Just a quick follow-up. Given the new rollout of this  the quick fault or derived dataset, can you provide us any update on what kind of inning you're in, in the derived data product maybe  and overall, on the market data product, what kind of attrition you're seeing and just in the quarter, what kind of audit fees you saw?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Yes. thanks. Well, I'll let Bryan Durkin comment on that for you. Bryan?
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you. In terms of the derived business, we're very pleased in the context of the pipeline of demand that we have for our data to develop proprietary products, and we see that as a continuing trend. So, we're tracking according to our plan with respect to derived. In the context of overall market data and how we're faring there, we're actually quite pleased in the context that, as you know, the fee increase took effect April 1. Our customers have now had a good seven months to observe and adjust to that pricing change. As we look at the attrition, our attrition levels are much lower than what we had contemplated or projected. So, we're quite pleased with how the market has reacted to that. And I think it underscores the validity of the product, the services, the market data platform that we introduced for them to be able to consume this data efficiently. So, from that perspective, we feel good about where things stand and the trajectory that we're on. In the context of the audits, the audits are performing what we had hoped which is compliance with our program. So, you will see from time to time a chunky increase in the context of audit findings. As I've tried to make clear in the past reports, audit findings will be sporadic, though they may not be every quarter. It's based upon when the findings are completed and resolution of those cases with the firms. What's more important is the context of correcting behavior. So, as you look at the attrition levels and those levels have actually decreased if you compare it to the past, I think that underscores that we're in the firms, we're helping people correct behavior and we're seeing people increase in terms of complying with their subscriber requirements.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: So, just to highlight something. We had about $2 million in audit findings in Q2 that we didn't have in Q3. So, the sequential  the balance of sequential decline was in a very small amount of attrition, to Bryan's point, much less than we had anticipated. Also, in terms of the go-forward, I would just highlight again that it will be sporadic in terms of when we find the audit findings and when they're going to be recognize in our financials.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Sameer, real quick, I just want to backtrack on one thing you said earlier that I actually said. I want to make sure that I was clear and I wasn't. We don't allow a single individual clear when it comes into our books. That was the scenario that played out on the NASDAQ power exchange that happened. It was a single individual clearer. We don't have that at CME. So, I just want to make sure we have that. That was what I was referring to.
Sameer Murukutla - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question will come from Chris Allen, Compass Point.
Chris Allen - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC: Good morning, guys. Most of my questions have been answered. I just got real quick one. Just on the NEX deal, I think the last approval is the competition authority. And I believe that deal lapses if they do  if they send it to a separate review. I'm just wondering what happens in that scenario?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: What  so, Chris, I'm sorry. You  what happens in this scenario with what?
Chris Allen - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC: If they push it to a second review  second level review with competition committee?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Right.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: So, yeah  and so, technically, it would  technically, it would lapse. But obviously, we've been looking at our alternatives at that point. So, we'd address it should that happen. I think what  as we've said and we do believe that the transaction will be closed before yearend. So we feel very good in terms of where we stand with the regulators.
Chris Allen - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we have no further questions in the queue. So, I'd like to turn this call back over to management for closing remarks.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Let me thank all of you for participating on the call today. I know someone had problems getting through, and I apologize for that. If there's any questions that we didn't answer, please feel free to reach out to myself or John, and we will make sure we get to those questions. Otherwise, I want to thank you, all, very much and look forward to talking to you throughout the quarter.
Operator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, this now concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your phone lines, and have a great rest of the week. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Peschier - CME Group, Inc. Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc. John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc. Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc. Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc. Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc. Sunil Cutinho - CME Group, Inc.
Analysts: Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC Christian Bolu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Chris Allen - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Sameer Murukutla - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the CME Group's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. I'm going to start with a safe harbor language, then I will turn it over to Terry and John for brief remarks, followed by questions. Other members of our management team will also participate in the Q&A. Statements made on this call and in the slides on our website that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statement. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in our filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Also, on the last page of the earnings release, you will see a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you. And thank you as John said, thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in CME Group. I hope you got a chance to read through the Q2 earnings commentary document we provided earlier this morning. We had a very strong second quarter. We had record volume quarter in our agricultural product line, and four additional asset classes grew double digits. Average daily volume was up 12% to more than 18 million contracts per day in Q2, following the record volumes in Q1. We reached a peak trading day of more than 50 million contracts on May 29. At the end of the first quarter, we announced the transaction with the NEX Group. As you know, the first order of business was the NEX shareholder approval which was completed on May 19 (sic) [May 18] (01:52). We have begun our high-level integration planning process and are working closely with the teams at NEX. We continue to target a closing in the second half of this year. Global markets trading activity has slowed down during the month of July. July is historically one of the slower months of the year. Total ADV month to date at CME is down roughly 5%, but during this time period three of our product areas have actually grown while the other three are down. When you add in the uncertainty of geopolitical issues and lower volatility which we are seeing, on top of a traditionally slow month, the 5% down isn't a surprise to me. As we all know, there are always ebbs and flows this time of year. It is worth noting that our open interest as of this morning is roughly a 123 million contracts, which is up 10% versus this point a year ago, and has built nicely during the month of July. In addition, large open interest holder data across the six product areas remains very strong. And, to me, this is a better measurement. With that, I'm going to turn it over to John to make a few financial highlights and we'll get into your questions. John?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Terry. Revenue was up 15% this quarter driven by higher transaction fee revenue which was up 14%. We saw a positive product mix pushing the total RPC higher to $0.757 during the quarter. Market data rose 18% primarily driven by the screen fee increase, which went into effect in April. By maintaining our expense discipline, we delivered adjusted operating margins similar to our record first quarter of this year. On an adjusted basis, total non-operating income increased 37% from $29 million in Q2 last year to $40 million during the second quarter this year, driven primarily by the performance of our joint venture with S&P and the earnings on cash held at the clearing house. However, sequentially, we saw a lower average cash balances held at the clearing house by participants in the second quarter, as customers rotated into treasuries, which offered a higher yield than holding cash. The net amount earned through managing cash was up 18% compared to Q2 of 2017, but was down from Q1. With strong revenue growth and careful expense management, adjusted net income and EPS both grew over 40% during the quarter. With that short summary, we'd like to open up the call for your questions and we'll start now.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning. I guess, John, my first question is on market data. You highlighted in the prepared remarks about attrition as a result of the price increase. I guess, can you help us think about what historically that's been and maybe how to think about growth in that line item for the remainder of this year?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, thanks, Dan. We don't break out the components of our market data revenue. As you can see from our 20% sequential increase in revenues, the majority of the revenue comes from real-time fees and was impacted by our price increase that went in to effect in April. It's early to assess the impacts of attrition, the team has done a good job of telegraphing the increase, bringing the audit function in-house has helped to ensure compliance with our agreement and has helped mitigate those impacts. The team continues to work to soften any impact of the attrition. However, historically, as you can see from the times we've done price increases, that there is some rationalization that occurs. Turn it over to Bryan to comment on what he's hearing from customers.
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: Quite frankly, this was a key period for the introduction of that fee increase, and as John alluded to, the attrition rates are very stable. We didn't see sizeable shift based on what we experienced in the past which is positive news to us. I think what's very important to note is the effects of the audits that we have been conducting, because what we are seeing is increased compliance. We're seeing more subscribers coming into play as a result of those audits, so we're correcting wrong behavior which is a positive. Also, a notable observation is significant increase in subscriber usage in the APAC region which, again, is another positive.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Dan.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christian Bolu with Bernstein.
Christian Bolu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys. On international, you've seen really, really good growth out of Europe and Asia. I understand that some of this is pay off of investments you made in distribution, but could you just speak specifically as to what has changed structurally in those regions to drive growth? Are you targeting a new customer segment, is it regulatory driven? I'm just trying to get a little bit more meat behind the what are very good numbers.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Christian, a little bit  it's Terry  got a little bit of all of the above. I'm going to let Bryan touch more on it since this is under his, the people that report to him. Bryan?
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you. I mean, first of all, as you note, our international average daily volume now is up 14% year on year to 4.4 million of our overall contract volume, it's very positive from our perspective. We've seen a 30% increase in activity in Asia. We're averaging close to 900,000 contracts a day coming out of Asia. We're getting about 3.4 million average from EMEA. Really this has been a story of investment and focused activities from sales and marketing and having the people on the ground as we've represented in the past. You've heard me speak about country-specific planning and being able to target our focus across countries within each of these regions. And just to highlight, our customer segment year-on-year growth throughout international was led by the asset managers up 42%; commercials were up 35%; banks were up 23%; retail, nice growth, up 23%. Our overall non-member growth was up 60% year on year in international.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: And, Chris, let me just add to what Bryan said. You mentioned regulatory. We don't think that's always a sustainable way to look at a future growth. But I will tell you that when there is regulatory uncertainty, people migrate to where the certainty is at. In the United States, with this Dodd-Frank Act already being passed and implemented many years ago, and people understanding what the rules are, whether they like them or not is a different topic for discussion, but the point is, it's been done. And when you look at some of the European regions, obviously they're not there yet so that regulatory uncertainty does breed less for volume there which brings (09:35).
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: The other point I would want to note is our focus on growing the volume during the regional hours. This is a story that we've been telling all of you for many, many quarters now. During Q2 2018, we saw a 34% increase in our activity, during European trading hours, 45% during Asian trading hours. So if you look, and I know you have those appendices, if you look at the overall volumes that's occurring during their regional hours, a substantial portion of these activities are occurring during your domain hours, it's very important to the growth story.
Christian Bolu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. One quick follow-up question. Terry, you mentioned volumes have slowed in July. I do agree that it's somewhat seasonal. The one that's a little surprising is just the ag volume. It seems even weaker than one would expect. Curious if the tariffs and things like that are having any impact or maybe any color on your end as to why you think volumes are slow, really slow there.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Chris, and I'm going to let Derek go ahead and talk a little bit about the ag complex. He has that up and then I'll give I think a small opinion afterwards. But I'll let Derek go ahead and talk about it.
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, hi, Christian. It's Derek. We actually had a series of records over the course of this year. In Q2, we had a monthly record, total volume, we had record, open interest record quarter on track, so we're continuing to push those, the directions. What we're also seeing is record large open interest holders in our market. And what's important, tying back the question that Bryan just answered, is our non-U.S. growth story with Trump announcing tariffs that have come on board that has created a significant concern about price risk. That drove a lot of the volume into participation in our contracts. This is very much a risk-on environment, as represented by the record volume and record open interest and large open interest holders. We're also seeing on the day that we saw record volumes overall in the complex back in June, most importantly we saw record levels of participation from non-U.S. participants. So as regulatory concerns come on board relative to tariffs or not, we're actually seeing people pile in. For example, with the announcement yesterday, Trump-Juncker meeting, that had a very positive impact. We've seen our ag volumes overnight roughly come in at twice the amount. As of 7:00 this morning, we had about 220,000 contracts in our ag contracts. We typically see a slowdown going into the summer months of Q3. We're coming from record highs in Q1 and Q2, and our ag volumes also set a record over the course of Q2. So we're seeing some seasonal basis of slowdown, but right now, we're, as Terry mentioned before, starting from record levels to open interest, and global participation. So we think we feel good about what the balance of the year is going to bring, and we see immediate positive impact in our volumes based on the questions that have arisen so far.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: And I think just to add...
Christian Bolu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Just...
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Just to add to that, Christian, I think that the real story here is not so much on what the volumes are, because as Derek said, we are the benchmark pricing mechanism for the agriculture throughout the world. I think it's just the overall price, that the impact on the regional partners here in the U.S. versus globally, so the difference between Brazilian soybean prices, U.S. soybean prices, that's really where most of the story is being told, but I do think that will be ironed out; hence when you saw what Derek just referenced with the conversations between Europe and the U.S. we're hopeful  I'm hopeful for the U.S. farmers that it will go the same way with Asia.
Christian Bolu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks so much for all the color.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you.
John Peschier - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Christian.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Maybe just  good morning. Let me just start with a couple of clarifications for John. If you could talk about the net rate that you're earning on those client cash balances held at the clearing house. They were down on an average basis in 3Q so far. Maybe if you could talk about the net rate earned after the June hikes to the 3Q earning rate. And then just a clarification on the market data. I think you guys raised the pricing on April 15 if I'm correct on that. And to what extent audit fees impacted that market data number in 2Q?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sure. Thank you, Brian. I'll walk you through kind of the Fed accounts and what occurred this quarter; and then I'll hit the market data question. So in terms of the impact on the Fed accounts or the amount that we earn for managing cash, in the first quarter we had average cash balances of about $39.6 billion. That includes funds held at commercial banks as well as funds held at the Fed. In Q2 they went down to about $32.2 billion, so they were down, on average, $7.4 billion versus Q1. The main driver for the lower cash balances is that the U.S. Treasury has been increasing net issuance of treasury bills, which has pushed yields higher and made the T bills more attractive than the returns that could be held holding cash. So for example, a one month treasury T-bill yields the neighborhood of about 190 basis points. So that reduction in the overall average balances has reduced our take from managing the cash from about $28 million in the first quarter to about $25 million in the second quarter. So that should give you some color as to what occurred there. In terms of the audit findings, in the second quarter, audit findings were minimal. We had about little less than $2 million in audit findings in the second quarter impacting market data. I think what Bryan said is the most important and that is bringing that audit function in-house has allowed us to ensure that there's compliance with our agreements which is, in turn, gave us more confidence in terms of the numbers that are being reported, which obviously impacts the go-forward amount that we bill associated with market data. So some pretty positive from a go-forward perspective with audits.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And I'm sorry, was it April 15 that you started the price increase? Is that the date on that?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: I think it was April 1.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Oh, it was April 1. Okay. So it is a full quarter. And I'm sorry, then, just the net rate for the third quarter on the client cash balances that you have at the Fed?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: So at the Fed, we  our  what we give  so basically the overall rates of 195 basis points, 164 basis points go to the customers, 31 basis points we retain, and that's solely on the cash that's put up at the Fed for our F&O, for our futures and options. We have a different rate associated with the OTC, what is put up for the OTC, which is basically the Fed effective rate, less 10 basis points, which is about 181 basis points currently going to our customers.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's perfect. And then just maybe on the development of the SOFR contract, it sounds like that's developing quite nicely. Maybe just your opinion of how you see given the potential changes in LIBOR, how you see that developing versus your Eurodollar franchise over the course of the next several months and quarters?
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, this is Sean jumping in. So our Eurodollar futures and options have done very, very well this year, right? We continue to see growth in open interest, growth in volumes and a very strong performance there. So we're very excited about that. In terms of SOFR, as you know, we've been one of the industry leaders, now for the last few years. In terms of the new rate, working very closely with the Alternative Reference Rate Committee and the entire industry. And we launched as you know, the SOFR futures back in May and the uptake so far has been good. We've had more than 60 participants. We have more than 21,000 contracts in open interest and we're seeing only about 3,000 contracts a day, but that's normal for a new contract. People are using our functionality in terms of using commodity spreads that we've built between our Fed Funds futures and our SOFR futures but also Eurodollar futures and our SOFR futures. So we are excited about it. We continue to market. We've had a number of marketing events, actually almost one a week in the last three weeks and they are very well attended. Yesterday, we held a webinar on SOFR in terms of the futures as well as interest rate swap clearing for SOFR and we had more than 400 participants. In terms of the interest rate swaps, we do plan on launching SOFR-based interest rate swap clearing in September and we're very excited about that as well. So we look forward to it. The next step for the industry is really to see issuance from corporate issuers, and we did have an announcement from one of the government agencies yesterday that they are going to begin issuing SOFR-based floaters soon. So that should help the marketplace to develop.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And just from a substitution perspective, I guess, versus the Eurodollar, do you that as a very futuristic event or do you think there will be some of that in the intermediate term?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: So Sean, do we see  we lost you for a second.
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: I apologize, can you repeat?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Did you say it was from the future...
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, just...
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: From the future past, I think is what he asked is will LIBOR still be a part of the Eurodollar complex or will SOFR eventually migrate? Is that correct, Brian?
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. That's right. Yeah.
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Well, we expect LIBOR to remain right in terms of our Eurodollar complex for a long time. So as you know, right, the FCA has gotten agreements from the panel banks to continue to post until the end of 2021, right? So we've got a long time for that transition to occur. But we do expect SOFR to grow at an alternative rates to LIBOR. And as issuance begins to develop, there will be more need to hedge, more need to trade and we expect to see much more volume. So again, we continue to see very good growth in our Eurodollar futures in terms of volumes and open interest, and we are the natural home for the SOFR complex relative to being the lowest cost in terms of transacting with our intercommodity spreads between Eurodollars with the LIBOR-based product that exists in the marketplace, as well as the huge open interest that we have in our industry complex across Fed Funds, Eurodollars, and Treasuries, which allow the marketplace the optimal kind of post trade margin and capital efficiencies. So we are the natural home. We are excited about it. We see the two different rates coexisting for a long time.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's great. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kyle Voight with KBW.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. If I could ask one follow-up or clarification on the net investment income, I think in your regulatory fee filings after the June hikes, we calculated an incremental cap rate of 5 bps from that 25 bp June hike. Is that correct or was it something lower on a blended basis? And then if nothing else changes, I guess, would you expect continued pressure on those balances near-term? I mean, it just seems like they're ticking lower in the third quarter already.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Hi, Kyle. This is John. In terms of what we passed back to our customers, we kept zero and passed the entire rate increase to our customers. So in the first quarter, and this is at the Fed, it went from 144 basis points to 164 basis points, so that entire increase was passed to our customers.
Sunil Cutinho - CME Group, Inc.: So the Fed did make a change in IOER. The IOER rate increase is not the same as the Fed Funds target. So the Fed increased the IOER by only 20 basis points and we passed all the 20 basis points through to customers.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yes. So in terms of  Kyle, in terms of current balances, they're roughly in line with last quarter. It's about  between $30 billion and $31 billion on average in terms of total cash balances here at CME Group through the first weeks of July. In terms of whether or not the cash balances returned to historical levels, really, it's up to the customers, and there are many factors that impact their decisions, including what collateral the customer has, the risks, exposures at the clearing house and the yield on alternative investments all play a factor in terms of whether or not the customers use cash or an alternative. And as we've mentioned previously in many of these calls, there are alternative investment vehicles for the customers to put their funds to work.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Great. Thank you for the clarity. And just one follow-up for me. Maybe a question for Derek on the oil markets. A competitor of yours recently announced a crude oil futures contract deliverable in Houston. Just want to hear your thoughts on the dynamics here and whether you've been hearing from customers that there's demand for a Houston-based oil contract? I know you offer some spread contracts today, but love to hear some updated thoughts on strategy. Thanks.
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, Kyle. It's a great  thanks for your question. We're actually excited about Houston as a marker. As you mentioned, we actually already launched a Houston crude oil contract back in Feb of 2016, both an outright contract and a spread contract back to our WTI contract. We're actually very happy with the growth of the contract, that's trading between 3 and 4 million barrels a day and I actually continue to set open interest records, where we've seen about 145 million to 150 million barrels worth of open interest right now, sitting at the Houston point. So we're actually pleased with the performance so far, and we think it's a high complement to the Cushing contract. The reason we set that up, we actually launched an outright and a spread contract at the same time, letting the market choose what it's wanted to adopt, and what the market has adopted is actually the spread contract back to WTI. So the market is very happy with the deep liquidity and the WTI contract on go-backs, the cash on spread contract back in Houston has provided exactly what the market wants which is a cash equivalent of the barrel delivered to the coast. So we're excited about the opportunity. We think it's actually validation of what we did two years ago and the market's got the best of all worlds which is deep liquid markets and the WTI and go-backs and then the ability to cash all that spread out to Houston with barrels at the water.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Allen with Compass Point.
Chris Allen - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC: Good morning, guys. I just wanted to maybe get an update on how you're thinking about NEX Group and the opportunities there, talking to treasury market participants, the opportunities are clearly centered around margin and clearing and market structure evolution. I know you've kind of made some comments, there was no change to how you are thinking about that moving forward. I wondered if that's evolved at all as you move closer to deal closing.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: On the market structure, Chris, as it relates to BrokerTec, we are not changing that one bit. So that won't change, our thinking hasn't changed, and it won't, so the market structures related to BrokerTec again, it's a very lucrative model and it's a very efficient model and we'll let the participants make a lot of those decisions as we move forward. As it relates to the other benefits of the margin, I'll ask Sunil and Sean to comment.
Sunil Cutinho - CME Group, Inc.: Hi, Chris. This is Sunil. We currently have a cross-margining program with a fixed income clearing curve, and we continue to work with the FICC to actually improve that model. So we believe we can bring a lot more benefits to market participants who trade both cash increase and our interest rate futures products.
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah. This is Sean jumping in. In terms of the excitement over NEX and it's as high as ever, we're constantly focused on making sure that we've got the most attractive products possible and the most attractive platform possible with the most efficient way of taking risk for market participants. So we're very excited about allowing market participants to more efficiently access both the cash markets and the futures markets across the rates and the foreign exchange world. And in addition to that, we are looking (26:44-26:50) combining these, the cash markets and the futures markets together and seeing, what we can do there to provide new efficiencies for the marketplace. And in addition to that, as you know, (27:00) and that optimization business is all about the same thing that CME is, so creating new margin capital, total cost efficiencies for clients. (27:11) years for the global client base as uncleared margin rules go from affecting 26 participants today to expected more than 1,000 in a few years' time. So very excited overall in bringing the two firms together, very excited about the integration, and I'd say it is going very well.
Chris Allen - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Did that answer your question, Chris?
Chris Allen - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC: Yeah, thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Yeah, hi, guys. Can you hear me?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, Rick.
Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Yeah, I like the system here. So anyway. I just want to first ask about volumes. Your overall volumes were up 12% year over year, but option volumes were down 2%. So I'm just trying to understand what the dynamics have changed that would cause option volumes to drop off so much on a year-over-year basis?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: So let's break it out into the two major sectors with Derek and Sean and then I'll kind of give you a little flavor to that. So Derek, why don't you start?
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, Rich, appreciate the question. Overall, year-to-date volumes were up 14%, so little bit outpacing what the year-to-date overall franchise is up 12-ish-percent, 11%, 12% overall. We're actually seeing continued really strong growth in the electronification efforts. You've heard us talk about the investments we're making in our front end, relative to being able to capture more complex spread trading directly on go-backs, I'm happy to say that we've got our electronic percentage up at 64% year-to-date. There's somebody on the line?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah. I think we're getting feedback through the line from the other operator. Go ahead.
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: Okay. So our electronic options traded about 64% of our total year-to-date so this year, that's up from 59% last year. The biggest gains there are with interest rates going from 45% to 51%, energy and metals each going up 5% as well. So we're continuing to make investments, to make it easier for customers to trade complex spread options on the box electronically. We are seeing that energy options is the one place where we're seeing a downdraft five of six asset classes are up, energy options right now we're seeing record low  back at record low volatility levels in nat gas options so we're seeing a full back there, strong healthy growth across the board in the other five asset classes. It's been a return to lower levels of volatility in three of our asset classes and we're starting to see some seasonal dip back down in Q2 in some of the volatility levels. So with that, we're seeing good strong growth across most of the franchise, nat gas option is the one outlier, WTI options are flattish with nat gas down a bit. So I can hand over it to Sean on some of the details on the financial side.
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Yes, on the financial side, I'll break it up in to two pieces. I'll talk about the Eurodollar options and then the long-dated or the Treasury options. In terms of the Eurodollar options, as you know over the last four or five years, we've seen enormous growth so the comps relative to last year are very, very difficult. If you look at our Eurodollar options complex is doing more than 1.5 million contracts a day. So with the massive growth that we've seen, it's a little bit tougher to grow as fast as we have been. But still, the Eurodollar options is up about 3.8% year-over-year. On the other hand, our Treasury options doing much, much better at up 27% year-over-year and basically in line or slightly ahead of our futures complex. So I think on the Eurodollar options side, specifically a tough comp.
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: And I think what we're most excited about is kind of on the theme of electronification and globalizing our business is our  non-U.S. options growth year-to-date is up 19%. We're seeing outpaced volumes, Europe was up 19%, Asia and U.S. were up 13%. That's the reflection of the growth investment we're making in our infrastructure and the ability to put complex spreads on the boxes, allowing us to capture net new clients trading electronically in their time zones. So we're excited about the growth and the trajectory of the options business overall and, again, the theme here is we are globalizing the business and increasing participation from outside the U.S.
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: One last thing I might add is I should have mentioned it earlier, we are innovating, we continue to innovate. So we did launch a fifth quarterly Mid-Curve option on our Eurodollars earlier this year. We also recently launched new Term Mid-Curve options, so that allows you to take very short-term, one, two, three-month options on our whites or front four contracts. So those even though they were recently launched, we've traded well over 400,000 contracts. So we continue to innovate. We continue to see growth. But tougher comps.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: So Rich, I hope that answers your question, but I think you got a good flavor. So a little bit tougher comps on the financial side and a little bit of cyclical and just ebbs and flows as it relates to the gas side of the business. So all in all, a healthy, healthy complex.
Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Got it. And I guess another question is, this question on attrition and market data going forward, I guess we've had four months of the price increase here now, so could you tell us what the attrition is now, like, to get a feel for what it potentially  and why do you feel it will pick up after four months of the price increase?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Go ahead, Bryan.
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: Rich, we do track this very closely and I can just say that our subscriber counts have maintained a very stable level over these last several months since the price increase took effect. What I think is more interesting and more indicative is we've seen a deceleration actually in the banking sector which was an area where we were seeing a lot of attrition in past years. I think a lot of that is tied to the audit function, again, that we've been performing. As we're in the field and we're building up those relationships, we're seeing a correction in behavior in the reporting of the screen counts. So we're going to look at this obviously very closely. And in terms of audits as well, that's a lumpy area, as I mentioned. What we're most interested in is making sure that we have correct behavior. And that's reflecting itself in these numbers.
Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Got it. I got it. I guess last thing is, Terry, a prominent publicly traded company out there has talked about just exploring strategic alternatives for its post trade services business. This service, basically wraps trades and then they legally wrap it and then they report the trades to exchanges, clearing houses; I'm sure you're well aware of this service. I guess the question is how interested are you in these type post trade services?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Rich, from our standpoint right now, as I said earlier, the announcement of NEX, the shareholder vote of NEX being completed, the integration process on the way, waiting for the authorities to go ahead and approve both in the U.S. and in Europe, in the UK. Until we get that done, our focus is on NEX and nothing else right now, and that's the way our strategy is. So I really don't want to comment on anything further, because for that we have to look at the post trade services as we start to integrate the NEX business, but we can't do that until we close, so that's the only answer I could possibly give on that.
Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Got it. Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Hey, guys. So the growth in Asia has obviously been very good, yet we've seen the stock market in China correct. Economic growth in that part of the world seems to be slowing but obviously still quite good. My question is I guess, is there a risk to those volumes, do you think, if the economic situation in China gets worse or do you feel like the volumes you're getting from over there are going to be pretty sticky?
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: This is Bryan. I'll start. We really do feel that the volumes that we've been able to generate are going to continue to perform as well as they've been these last few quarters, and it's really attributable to the outreach and the targeted planning across each of these countries. China does represent a significant portion of our Asia-Pacific revenue, but I think it's important as well to keep in mind that we target our efforts across a multitude of countries. We're able to look at, for example, the top 10 countries within Asia-Pacific. We have plans in which we do outreach across the product sectors and the client sectors and those numbers are continuing to bear fruit.
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: I think if you're jumping on the product-specific side, what we're actually seeing is where we have structural changes that provide unique opportunities for us to service a client base that is now open to us with structural changes like the energy market, WTI is now a waterborne global benchmark. So when you look at the growth in our business in just volumes alone, our Asian business is up 43%, and a large piece of that is the energy business that we're pushing out in terms of WTI utilization. So part of this is yes, tied to economic cycles, but we're paid to make sure that we can build franchises and portfolios that are going to thrive, regardless of the shape of the yield curve, volatility curve or industrial cycles. What we are seeing is when products become more relevant to global participants we're in the best position to make sure that we're addressing that opportunity and that growth. And so we're happy about the product selection and to Bryan's point, we've put a lot of effort into training, education, and the ability to access our markets through intermediaries, and that's showing through in some of the strong growth, 43% revenue growth in our energy's franchise in China, for example. So we think the product set and client mix are coming together and we think that that's a  a structural shift is positive for us in the long-term.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: And it's really difficult to say, as Derek just outlined about any particular part of any one's economic growth around the world, but I will tell you and they touched on this, but I don't think to enough extent, is the sales effort that we're putting into place globally. Historically, CME has never been much of a sales organization. We have bolstered the sales organization. We've got new initiatives globally to get new clients that we believe are completely on untapped that have never used our markets, that will be able to use our markets so we're excited by that. The infrastructure that we're putting in different parts of Asia such as market regulation, are the things to make sure people really understand our markets. So we're sending people over there to again educate and make sure people understand what the U.S. marketplace is all about and we're finding quite an excitement, and I do believe that the client base is really untapped over there. So even though there could be economic downturns, I think we have an opportunity to go after additional subset of clients throughout the Asia community.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Sameer Murukutla - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, guys. This is actually Sameer Murukutla on for Michael. Just a quick question on the expense guidance and the second half expenses. Usually you would expect expenses to grow faster in the back half of the year, but given the unchanged guidance, it kind of seems like the second half would only grow around 2% to 3% year over year. So I just wanted to get details on maybe what expenses you might have put forward into the first half. I think you guys called out compensation and bonuses. And maybe what other segments you might hold expenses back there. Thanks.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, Sameer. Thanks for the question. Yeah, let's put this into a perspective here for the first half of the year. So compensation, as you indicated, is our largest growth in terms of expenses. It's up about $28 million first half of this year versus first half of last year. 60% of the increase in the compensation line is incentive comp, so that is bonus and stock-based compensation. The balance is  in base compensation is primarily driven by cost of living increases and we did have some increase in head count. So if you exclude incentive-based compensation, our total adjusted expenses grew only 1.5% for the quarter and on a year-to-date basis adjusted expenses were flat with last year if you exclude incentive-based compensation. So looking into the second half of the year, so rolling it forward, I would expect the pattern of our spend to remain similar with the fourth quarter heavier than the first quarter, but I would expect the fourth quarter to be less than 3%, 3% growth, compared to last year. And so what you're seeing is for the first half of the year we've been able to offset our incentive compensation growth through really, I think, great expense management across the entire organization. And rolling into the second half of the year, I would expect professional services and other expenses and marketing to be lower which will still allow us to achieve our targeted expense guidance of up 3%.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Is there any other questions?
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions in the queue. I would like to turn the conference over to company management for closing remarks.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Well, we want to thank all of you for the opportunity to address your questions today and your interest in CME Group. We look forward to talking to you out in the next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Peschier - CME Group, Inc. Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc. John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc. Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc. Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc. Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.
Analysts: Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC Chris Allen - Rosenblatt Securities, Inc. Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christian Bolu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the CME Group First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. I'm going to start with the Safe Harbor language, and then I'll turn it over Terry for brief remarks, then we'll open it up for your questions. Other members of our management team will also participate in the Q&A. Statements made on this call and in the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in our filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Also, on the last page of the earnings release, you will find a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, John, and as John said, we want to thank you all for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in CME Group. I hope you've had a chance to read through the Q1 earnings commentary document we provided earlier this morning. As you can see, the strength of the quarter was broad based across products and geographies as a significant number of customers actually turn to CME's markets to manage their risk. Many of the themes that we have spoken about the past few years were clearly on display this quarter. Those include our focus on driving trading volume 24 hours a day, delivering additional innovative futures and options products to meet client needs and drive additional revenue, and remaining efficient on the expense side. The combination of those efforts led to over 50% adjusted net income and diluted earnings per share growth in Q1. At the end of the first quarter, we were pleased to announce the transaction with the NEX Group. We are working diligently on the timeline we outlined on the analyst call. The next shareholder vote has now been set for May 18. We have begun the process of seeking regulatory approvals, and we continue to expect the transaction to close in the second half of this year. With that short introduction, we'd like to open the call for your questions, and we'll start now.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our first question from Dan Fannon of Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning. I guess the first question's on market data. We saw the sequential decline, and you highlighted the decline in audit fees. I guess, a little more color on the outlook there. You had the April 1 price increase. Maybe if there's any early signs in terms of attrition, and kind of how we should be just thinking about the progression for 2018 for that line item.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: John?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you. Thank you, Dan. Good morning. Market data came in at $95 million this quarter. We had a $1 million reclass from market data to other revenue. So including that reclass, we're running at similar levels as the first three quarters of last year. In Q4, we saw some benefits of bringing the audit function in-house with approximately $6 million of settlements. And as we mentioned previously, we expect there to be fluctuations up and down in this line quarter-to-quarter depending on the realization of those settlements. We have been building a pipeline that is being worked, so we do expect those fluctuations to continue. Before I turn it over to Bryan to talk a little bit about what he's seeing in the market data business, as you indicated, the big change coming is the real-time market data price increase which is going from $85 per screen to $105 per screen which went into effect in April. Real-time market data accounts for the majority of the market data revenue, and since the announcement of the price increases, we've seen a stable level of subscribers. So, Bryan?
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: I would just point out that with respect to the audits, the resolution in settlements can be quite protracted. There's a number that are in the hopper right now that we look forward to and hope to resolve in the next quarter. You saw what happened last quarter with the amount of settlements that took place. What's even more imperative to us is the correction of behavior. So what we are seeing is a stabilization in the context of what you may have seen in past decline of screen counts. What we are seeing is an improvement in terms of the reporting of real-time screens. That in combination with the $20 adjustment in terms of going from $85 to $105 which took effect April 1 is something that we'll be watching closely. Also, with respect to the derived data, you need to keep in mind that some of those contractual arrangements can be quite chunky themselves and can take some time to be able to negotiate those agreements. So I would just kind of temper that a little bit in the context of quarter-by-quarter and how those two areas hit.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: And next we will go to Chris Allen with Rosenblatt.
Chris Allen - Rosenblatt Securities, Inc.: Morning, guys.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Allen - Rosenblatt Securities, Inc.: I was wondering if you could give us some color on the equity and gains in unconsolidated subs, assuming that it's related to the S&P joint venture. Wondering if you can maybe help us think about what's been driven by the record activity we saw in the quarter and what's been driven by increased AUM to give us a sense for how should we be thinking about the run rate moving forward?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sure. Thanks, Chris. Yeah, we've been very pleased with the performance of the S&P Dow Jones joint venture. As you know, the S&P JV revenue consists of assets under management, which is the majority of the revenue. But a significant portion is also based on derivatives trading, specifically here and at CBOE. So you've seen our performance in equities this quarter up 47%. So that gets paid through a license fee from us to them, and then we then get back 27% of it through the earnings in the JV. DJO (00:07:04) also has had very good activity as well. So again, it's a lot of the dynamics that are positively impacting our business is positively impacting their business, and it's just been a tremendous business model that they have, and one that we're very happy to participate in.
Chris Allen - Rosenblatt Securities, Inc.: Is it roughly about 80/20 AUM to activity? Is that kind of a good ballpark to think about, or...
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: I think it's  they're reporting their earnings right now, so they'll have the most recent -
Chris Allen - Rosenblatt Securities, Inc.: Got it.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: ...the recent breakdown for you there. But again, like I said, it's been a positive with regard to our equity activity, really positive in terms of both the S&P, and also, Nasdaq futures has performed also very well.
Chris Allen - Rosenblatt Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: We will now move to Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Yeah. Good morning, Terry. Good morning, John.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Rich.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: I guess I'll use the question on this; I don't know whether I'll get an answer, but any updated views on the NEX Group acquisition and the timeline? I know you said the timeline, Terry, but whether the mix  how are you going to keep the dividend? And how long you would extend the leverage out, I guess, or how quickly you would pay down the debt?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, Rich. I'll take part of that. So there's really no new update to the timeline other than what Terry mentioned. We do expect the shareholder vote on May 18. It's been scheduled. We still plan on closing on the second half of this year. Also, as Terry mentioned, we're working through the regulatory approval process now. So no real update on the timeline. In terms of leverage and paying down the debt, really nothing more to update you on than what we put in the 2.7 announcement. And really what we did is we approached our structure to the transaction and our approach over the next couple years to be balanced in terms of investing in the business, returning capital to shareholders and paying down the debt. And as you saw, we, in the 2.7 agreement, or announcement, I should say, we expect to delever over the next couple of years down to levels that are similar to where we stand today. So that's our objective.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: All right. Thanks, Rich.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, folks.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Maybe if I could just ask a little bit more detail on how the FX Link is going. I think you guys launched that on March 26, and I know you're very  you're upbeat on FX futures volumes increasing pretty significantly over time with the uncleared margin rules. But if you could just go into a little detail about how you see usage on that platform, and also while we're at it, maybe also in the new products of BTIC and TACO?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Sean?
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Sure. This is Sean jumping in. Thank you for those great questions. So on March 26, as folks know, we launched the FX Link. We are very excited about that. We're doing several hundred contracts a day. The more important thing I'd say in there is that we've got a very good participation from the right set of clients. So this is not a couple of prop firms passing it around, but is the new clients who are using the product for the defined purpose. With such a large innovation, I'd say, right, where you're bringing together the OTC market and the futures market, it is going to take time for volumes to build and for additional participants to fully build automated trading. We're currently seeing primarily, I think, point-and-click trading. But we do expect over the coming weeks and months to see a greater number of automated traders. We know of several firms that are building out, in particular end-users that are building out their automated trading. If we look at the BTIC; BTIC, very exciting results this year. Last year we averaged less than 13,000 contracts a day. This year, we're averaging more than 40,000 contracts a day. So we've more than tripled the volume in the BTIC. Great innovation last year. It's got nearly a $3 RPC. So very, very positive for the RPC for the entire equity complex, but obviously a great innovation. Thanks for asking about TACO. We've got a number of new launches that are coming up over the coming month. On May 7, we're going to launch SOFR futures. On May 14, we're going to launch the TACO on the equity indices. And then on May 21, we are launching Colombian peso, Chilean peso and CNY or the renminbi interest rate swap clearing. So we're very excited about the new product launches. In terms of TACO, TACO, Trade at Cash Open, so it is the opening market equivalent to BTIC, which is Basis Trade Index Close. It is not as large a market as the close, so the opening market a bit smaller, but we do expect a similar set of participants with a similar set of efficiencies delivered to them, and we are hearing a lot of excitement around it.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's good color. And just back on FX, just  is that an open-architecture platform? I think that's with Citi. I guess, can you do that through any bank, or do those folks need to go through the Citi platform?
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: So, Citi is the central prime broker, but we have now signed up several different prime brokers who are all available. So yeah, most participants now, because of the number of prime brokers that we have, will be able to access the trading. But again, it takes time for people to set up their own systems, in particular, on the automated trading side to take advantage of it. Again, the good news is it takes a long time, right, to build up an ecosystem. But the really good news is we've got, again, a very solid and I'd say the right set of end-customer participants who are in there doing point-and-click who have said that they're in the process of building their automated trading. So, it's a very good start.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: And we will now move to Christian Bolu with Bernstein.
Christian Bolu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, Terry. Good morning, John.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Christian.
Christian Bolu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey. Curious on the SOFR contracts you spoke about just a minute ago. I guess, it sounds like there's significant customer appetite for the contract you'll be launching in May. I guess, longer term, curious how that informs your view about kind of the long-term viability of LIBOR and LIBOR-based contracts?
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Sure. This is Sean jumping in. We are excited about the SOFR launch. In terms of designing the contracts, we met face-to-face with more than 100 clients, working with our sales team and our research team in order to design the contracts, and the marketplace is very excited about the launch. So in recent weeks, 80% of the calls actually in regards to SOFR are incoming from customers asking about it. So it also gives us a big opportunity to engage with clients very closely on our interest rate products. Actually, in terms of that, CME Group is the natural home for the product. We are always looking at delivering efficiencies to the marketplace, efficiencies to our customers, because we're offering intercommodity spreads between our Fed Funds futures and our Eurodollar futures and the new SOFR futures. We will be the single most efficient place to execute those future contracts. In addition to that, on the clearing side, because we have huge open interest in Eurodollar futures and Fed Funds futures as well as Treasury futures, you're going to see the greatest possible benefits in terms of margin and capital efficiencies. In terms of the uptake, I think that's highly uncertain. I think there's, as we know, hundreds of trillions of dollars' worth of derivatives and securities in open interest in LIBOR. And several trillion, I think the last estimate from the Alternative Reference Rate Committee was on the order of $9 trillion worth of securities in particular, and a very large portion of those go out, in terms of maturity, for many years. So I don't personally see LIBOR going away any time soon. I think it will remain extremely healthy, and that's what we're seeing in the marketplace. But I think SOFR will be  create new complementary opportunities for trading the basis or the risk between the two. So I see SOFR as a really a new opportunity for us in addition to the existing products. Another thing I'd like to mention is our Eurodollar complex continues to see recently record open interest, record volumes, so we see greater excitement in our Eurodollar futures and options than ever before. So I don't see LIBOR going away any time soon.
Christian Bolu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Awesome. Great answers, as always. Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Christian.
Operator: We will now go to Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Patrick.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: I'm curious to hear your observations on the launch and the early trading of that new Shanghai crude oil contract, and to what extent you would view that to be a competitive alternative to WTI?
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: Hey, Patrick, it's Derek Sammann. Yeah, we've been watching the open development of that market over the last four or five years. They had some launch dates they pushed over the last three years. We look at regional benchmarks as highly complementary to global benchmarks. The story you've been hearing us tell over the last couple of years is the rise of WTI as a global waterborne benchmark. And I think if you look at the results of our WTI franchise over the last three years, whether it's in terms of the outpacing performance of WTI versus Brent or the now-surpassed levels of WTI versus Brent, you can see that the world is demanding and international participation is proving that out to be the case. When we look at regional benchmarks like the Chinese product launch, we're actually very encouraged by the opportunity for more a broader set of domestic Chinese participants to be trading a regional benchmark. What we are seeing and expecting is the bulk of that business that trades on that Chinese physical benchmark gets hedged out back into either Brent, WTI, or more likely, DME's Oman sour crude contract, which is a product launch of the Dubai Mercantile Exchange which we are a majority owner of. So, we think the positive correlation between the regional benchmarks in the energy oil market likely provides a series of tradeable regional benchmarks against the global WTI benchmark. Results year-to-date so far in our Asian energy business is proving to be at record levels. Our Asian energy volume was up 43% in Q1, so that's really pacing the developments and growth of our energy business complex globally. So, we see it as a positive. We've seen that between DME and WTI, and we will see that contract evolve and the likely connectedness to the global market over time.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right. Thanks.
Operator: And with no further questions, I'd like to turn the call back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Well, we want to thank you all very much for joining us this morning, and we look forward to talking to you at the next quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: And that does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Peschier - MD, IR Terrence Duffy - Executive Chairman & CEO Sean Tully - Senior MD and Global Head, Financial & OTC Products John Pietrowicz - CFO and Senior MD Bryan Durkin - President Derek Sammann - Senior MD and Global Head, Commodities & Options Products
Analysts: Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Christopher Allen - Rosenblatt Securities Alex Kramm - UBS Daniel Fannon - Jefferies LLC Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates Benjamin Herbert - Citigroup Kyle Voigt - KBW Kenneth Worthington - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank Jeremy Campbell - Barclays PLC Jonathan Casteleyn - Hedgeye Risk Management
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the CME Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I'm going to start with the safe harbor language, and then I'll turn it over to Terry for brief remarks followed by questions. Other members of our management team will also participate in the Q&A. Statements made on this call and in the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. For detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in our filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Also, on the last page of the earnings release, you will find a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, John, and thank you all for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in CME Group. 2017 was certainly an unusual year. Virtually every asset class experienced reduced volatility. So throughout the year, we focused on areas that we could control. That included adding new products, operating all of our markets in the most efficient manner and expanding our global customer base. We were aggressive in optimizing our operations. As you know, we sold investments we had in other exchanges, we wound down our European exchange and clearing house, we announced the exit of our credit default swaps clearing business and we focused on making investments in new product launches as well as our market data, audit and derived data functions. Focusing on increasing the efficiency [Technical Difficulty] organization has resulted in another successful year of reducing our total controllable costs, while continuing to invest for the future. We also continue to evolve our sales strategy to help generate additional business and acquire new customers. Specific global sales campaigns were developed across every product area. We measured that success by tracking additional metrics. These efforts drove non-U.S. average daily volume up 10% for the year. This was achieved despite difficult comparables from the election year of 2016. Also, we had 11% growth in our options franchise driven by increased trading on rollbacks. During 2017, we reached all-time highs in total open interest, along with records for the number of large open interest holders in several asset classes. This bodes well as market volatility normalizes. As we begin 2018, we saw all sox product areas post solid growth in January as we continued to execute on our strategy. We also have seen open interest levels rise as our global clients are actively managing risk. These two measurements are extremely encouraging as we begin the year. With that, we'd like to open your questions - open the call for your questions. And I know we have a number of analysts that will cover us, so we'd ask that you ask one question and then get back into the queue. With that, we'll open it up to the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Maybe just quickly on, I guess, both tax reform and the expense outlook. First of all, should - with your expense guidance just up about 2%, 2.5% to 3%, should we assume that largely most of the benefits of tax reform you would expect to accrue to shareholders, I guess, with the increase in the variable dividend upon increasing the cash flow. And maybe if you can comment, if the volume scenario turns out to be a lot better this year, given sort of the traction that we are seeing earlier in the year, how should we think about expenses potentially flexing up, I guess, would your incremental margin - what do you view as your incremental operating margins?
Terrence Duffy: Thank you, Brian. Several questions in there. So in terms of the tax reform, we're very pleased with the tax reform. We believe it's good for our customers, intermediaries and good for the markets. In terms of what we're planning on doing with tax reform - with the tax reform and additional cash flow, we're not specifically earmarking anything. We've given out our expense and CapEx guidance, which is increasing this year versus over the last several years. And this provides us more financial flexibility. In terms of the expense guidance, it's often in line with what we've been communicating, which is in the low single digits. The majority of the increase is driven by compensation. It's the usual cost-of-living increasing - increases, the staffing related to growth initiatives. And finally, within our expense guidance, there is a change in pension accounting, which will impact our top line by about $4 million and there's no offset that we booked in the other income and expense section of our income statement. We haven't changed our capital return policy in light of tax reforms. So it's - we think it's very positive. It's positive for our customers. And we think that it'll be helpful for all the intermediaries and the customers.
Brian Bedell: And you're still being incremental margins over 90%?
Terrence Duffy: Yes. I mean, it's obviously going to be a function - since you have our expense guidance, it's really a function of sales. And if you could see in our first quarter so far, our volumes are up about 18%. So very, very positive and we would expect our incremental margins to stay in kind of the range it's been.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Allen with Rosenblatt.
Christopher Allen: I wanted to ask about market data, so run rate's increased there. You noted in the slides it was driven by derived data and audit. I wonder if you could parse out the two, we know audit can be a bit lumpy. Just trying to get a sense for what the run rate is going forward?
Bryan Durkin: It's Bryan. With respect to the derived data, we continue to see a nice pipeline of demand for that product. And I think it goes to the interest and demand in our multi-asset class benchmark futures and the need to develop product for a variety of our client base that looks to expand their product offerings. So that pipeline is continuing to build in a nice way. With respect to audits, you're correct to point out that it can be lumpy, and appreciate that you recognize that. However, our goal within the audit is to make sure that we have compliancy and that we're protecting our IP in that regard. And hopefully, correcting some noncompliance that brings our user base into our requirements of reporting accurately their real time usage of data. If you look at the overall attrition rates for the past quarter, we've seen actually some improvement in that regard. And quite frankly, we've seen that from some of our user base properly recording and reporting their real time data usage. So we feel that all of this is having the intended effects.
Christopher Allen: So were there any like any onetime catch up on audit that we should be aware of just kind of not get over our skis in terms of modeling going forward?
Bryan Durkin: It's hard for me to comment on the audits. I would just say that there's a number in the pipeline that we're continuing to conclude. And our goal here is to ensure compliance with the reporting and make sure that the consumers of the data are complying with our requirements and that we're receiving the revenues that we should receive based on their usage.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm: I wanted to talk about the energy business real quick or ask about the energy business real quick. One of the things that's been standing out so for this year is the very strong growth so far this year. In particular, relative to your primary competitor. Now obviously, there's a little bit of a product mix, but would love to hear from anyone on the call if you're seeing anything else. I mean there's regulatory changes or you know that the sales performance - but anything you could add would be great.
Derek Sammann: Yes, Alex, this is Derek, thanks. We are very pleased with the results that we've posted up in 2017. I think we're chock-full of records that we've pointed to in the documentation we sent you guys. Going from a very strong record year in 2017, as you pointed out we started with a record year so far in '18. What we're seeing is broad-based growth across the entire energy complex. We spend a lot of time talking about WTI, we're - actually have just posted a new record ADV month in January, inclusive of not just WTI, but also our gasoline contracts and heating oil that we set multiple open interest records in as well. What's really driving that is both broad-based participation, but our record non-U.S. participation. You've heard us talk about focusing on electronifying our markets to be able to access a non-U.S. customer base. And in some of the documentation we've provided you guys, we're showing that, a significant growth in the non-U.S. participation of our markets. That is continuing into January of this year. Q4 of last year, the energy business was up 40% in customers from outside the U.S. But that's a function of the sale campaign that Terry referred to earlier. The efforts and investment we've made in the front-end of technology to access customers to provide liquidity 24/7 and we're seeing that flow through across into our commercial customer base, which has been the central focus point for the last 2.5 years on the business side and sales side, leveraging our regional sales people. So if you couple that with the results of the U.S. Energy Department figures that were just released yesterday, showing U.S. production topping 10 million barrels a day in production and almost 2 million barrels a day in exports, we see that as the continuing strong structural story behind WTI as a global benchmark in the waterborne products.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Fannon: I guess another question on market data. I think there's a price increase coming on April 1. Can you talk about that and what you're kind of expecting for attrition? And then, Bryan, just to follow up on the further - your earlier comment about derived data, can you talk about how you're positioned better in 2018 to capitalize on that opportunity versus the start of last year, which resulted in a little bit of delay of that?
Bryan Durkin: Sure. First of all, with respect to the pricing increase, we have announced that increase, which goes into effect beginning of April from $85 to $105. We have not increased prices for several years. Yet we continue to increase the number of products across both futures and options. And we offer, I believe, the broadest space in terms of products in our market data suite. The market, in terms of response, we'll watch this closely. However, we believe that the efficacy of the magnitude and the number of products offered justifies - and the investments that we've made in the infrastructure, justifies the increase. In terms of impact on attrition, it's hard to say. We'll watch this very closely. But we're also, in conjunction with the audits that we're conducting, seeing some changes in terms of reporting and as a result, that has reduced some of that attrition pressures. So we'll monitor it closely.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Michael Carrier: Just a question - I know this is on the quarter, but just given the strength that we've seen in January, just wanted to get some sense with the higher volatility, what you guys are seeing across the different product suites in terms of just your typical customers that are picking up their activity, given kind of a shifting outlook. Or you're seeing users that might have been more dormant pick up their level of activity? So any color around that. And then just on the pricing, any changes that you guys have made across the complex that we should be aware of for 2018?
Terrence Duffy: Mike, it's Terry Duffy. I think the best way for us to try to give you a little bit of color on that is to let Sean and Derek walk through. As you've seen, especially in our interest rate complex as we've hit open interest records, we've hit new records in Globex trading. Derek talked about the amount of records in our releases. So I think what will be helpful is if we let both Sean and Derek make some quick comments on what we're seeing for the first month of '18. Sean?
Sean Tully: Thanks very much, Terry, and thanks for the question. So we've seen a great start to the year in January. Last year, we had a record number of large open interest holders and a record open interest in each and every one of the financial's asset classes. So we're continuing to penetrate a much larger customer base, in particular, much larger customer base relative to alternative products. Another example we've been talking about continuously over the last few years, is our penetration of the cash Treasury bond market. So currently, our treasury futures are trading about 94.6% of the volume of the cash Treasury bond market. That's up from the 80% area last year and up from 55% if you go back six years ago. So we've seen tremendous growth there. This year, very exciting again. We've just seen, in the last couple of weeks, a new record number of large open interest holders in our interest rate complex. We've seen a new record open interest in our foreign exchange complex. And we've seen records in our Eurodollar options on Globex. Actually, we had a record day, just a couple of weeks ago. And very interesting thing, nothing we've talked about - as spoke about earlier is the electronification of our markets, how it gives us much better access to international participants and how when you electronify our markets, we see a much higher velocity of growth. So we had - again, we had a record Eurodollar options volume date earlier this month, one. Two, on that day, very interestingly, we had a 47% electronic market. Not only that, but in fact, we did more volume on the box from Globex on that day than we did on the Eurodollar options, than we did in the pit. So the strategy that we've been following in terms of the electronification is absolutely working in terms of getting more participants, more global participants and higher velocity of growth. So we're very excited about our sales approaches, we're very excited also about new products. On the new products side, a lot of excitement there with all of the new participants. So we had great growth in our weekly options, a lot of new weekly options. We launched Wednesday Weekly Treasury Options last year. They're doing over 18,000 a day. As you, I think, know, in our S&P options over the last 1.5 years, we introduced Monday and Wednesday Weekly Options doing over 90,000 contracts a day. Our Ultra 10 contract that we launched just a couple of years ago, doing 145,000 contracts a day. Two years ago, we launched something called BTIC, basis trade index close on our equity complex. This is a functionality allowing participants to trade on the central limit order book at a spread to the cash market close. That's trading 39,000 contracts a day in January. It's a very high RPC contract. So the innovation, the electronification, the sales campaigns are all increasing the number of participants. Derek, I don't know if you want to jump in?
Derek Sammann: Yes, some similar trends. I'll reference some comments early on the energy side. Really, our focal points on energy and we've got - with so many records, Peschier told me to stop sending them data to put into this thing, so I won't touch on those. Really, the drivers behind the growth, I talked about the commercial customers, that has been our singular focal point for almost 2.5 years. And if you look at the growth, it's not just the volumes but the growth of the open interest and the large open interest holders, the data's in the deck, it shows you the success we're having in globally penetrating end-user customers. The breadth of our product portfolio in energy, I mentioned before, not just crude oil in WTI, but our nat gas, our gasoline contract, RBOB, our heating oil contract, we're having a total franchise open interest record and volume record overall in both energy and metals, in January, so the strength continues. And I think the - true on the metal side as well, particular strength in our industrial metals in copper. The overlay to all of this, and Sean mentioned this as well is, you've heard us talk about focusing on growing our options complex. And options continues to accelerate and strengthen our order book in futures as options traders tend to hedge their exposures in our underlying futures. And if you look at our starting point in January of '18, we came off a total year record in ADV for 2017, and we're setting an all-time options record in January of '18 as well. Our option ADV overall was up about 30% in January. And it's particularly interesting, when you look at some of the commodities markets price action with crude oil up at $65, it's really unclear whether that next $15 move is back to $50, with the glut somehow coming out of the U.S. or potentially up to $75 with some of the constrictions in the supply chain. That is a perfect environment for options. So our energy options in January is actually up 37%. This is a purpose-built market in fixed income, in energy, in equities for use of options and we're seeing that. The investment that we've made in our options business across asset classes, both an accelerant to our underlying growth, but it makes our futures value proposition that much more sticky as well. So I would say, despite the volatility profiles, you've seen us grow in low volatility environments, flat volatility environments and now selectively sharply increasing volatility environments. And our remit around here is to continue to add customers, globalize business and enhance that customer experience around our product set.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Richard Repetto: I guess the question is, you had record revenues in 2017, you got strong January volumes, you got price increase coming in, you had 94% incremental margins and controlled expenses looking forward. So I guess the question is for you Terry, how do you look at M&A? There's certainly been a lot of talk about it. And potentially diluting this, I guess, pure profitable model, versus the other advantages of building scale and looking for additional products, et cetera. So the outlook for M&A given all the talk that's been out there.
Terrence Duffy: Well, Rich, first, thank you. There's been no change to our philosophy as it relates to M&A. As you know, I highlighted in my opening remarks about some of the things that we've decided to liquidate over this past year, which were important to continue to keep the model that we have in place that you outlined going forward. So we're very happy with where we're at. At the same time, I think that when you look at any M&A opportunities, they have to make complete sense for CME and our discipline will be there. If anything, we put ourself in a very strong place in order for us to participate, if something becomes available that we think can add value to this company. I have said this before and I'll say it again, over the last 14 months, we are not looking to just acquire to acquire. We will only look at things that we think that will benefit our shareholders and our clients. And the one way our shareholders will benefit if we can do an acquisition that can add value to the experience of our clients, which will add additional revenue for our shareholders. That's the philosophy, so that philosophy has not changed.
Richard Repetto: And are there accretion targets, margin targets? Or I guess, because there are properties out there, but none of them have your margins, et cetera.
John Pietrowicz: Rich, this is John Pietrowicz. So thanks for the question, we are - Terry indicated, we're very disciplined. You've seen over time the acquisitions that we've made, a lot of the advances that we've done in this business has been through CBOT, acquisition in NYMEX, our Dow Jones joint venture. We do have targets that we look at. We look at things from an accretion dilution perspective, we look at it from an NPV perspective, we've got internal hurdle rates that we look at. So we basically triangulate on M&A to make sure that we are in a position to create value for our customers and for our shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Question for you about cryptocurrencies. Obviously, still in the early days for you guys, but now we're starting to hear, I think, increased conversation from the CFTC about their desire to regulate and provide oversight of cryptocurrencies. So curious if you can talk about the potential impact that, that regulation might have and what your expectations are for that contract in general?
Terrence Duffy: Well, I'll start, Patrick, it's Terry. And then I'll ask Sean to jump in as well and anybody else around the table. The crypto market is something - obviously it's brand new as far as a listed product goes. But I think when we're getting a lot of interest on a product that's been around actually for nine years now, I think the interest is obviously all coming because of the appreciation of the value of the product. And introducing futures to it is actually, I think, helped mitigate some of the volatility in the product in and of itself. But as far as the regulation goes, we worked closely with the CFTC before we launched this product. We put new standards in place that we don't have on our other contracts such as higher margins, velocity and stop functionalities, similar to what we have on the equity markets on the percentages. So I think it's 7, 13 and 20 that we have on percentages as a market to - market volatility increases or decreases. So I think, from our standpoint, the CFTC, there's been some things in the news lately about how are they going to regulate these types of markets and really, I think it's incumbent upon both of us. We've seen new markets historically, since at least I've been in this business, you can go back to the early '80s with cash settlement, nobody understood really what cash settlement was because every product had to be physically delivered and then people got more comfortable with different methodologies. So you could use that as an example of cryptocurrencies to some example. This is new to the marketplace with the exception, as I said earlier, it's nine years old. And we will continue to work with the regulator and as far as the growth of the product goes, this is one of those wait and see. The last thing I would ever want to do was to potentially lower the margins and just think that we could effectuate a tremendous amount of trade off of this. This is very much a walk as we go through this, not run. So we will not do anything in the near term that we think that could increase the trade at the point of introducing additional risk to the system. So I don't know if that completely answers your question because this is - this topic is so broad and there are so many different opinions on it. So only I can say to you is, on the revenue side, it's going to be, I think, a slow grower, which is fine. It's 1,500 open interest, we're trading 1,000 a day. That's obviously very small in comparison to the volumes that CME Group has today. John referenced some new contracts that are trading 30,000 to 50,000 a day. That's not this product. We also design this product, as you know, to make sure that we do not attract the small retail participants, that's not something that we wanted to be a part of. So our contract is much larger than our friends down the street's contract. And I think that is the prudent thing for us to do. So Sean, you can comment on it if you want. But I think from a regulatory standpoint, we're working close with the regulators on a daily basis. And from a revenue standpoint, this is going to be something that we'll be very methodical on.
Sean Tully: Yes, I think, Terry, I think you captured it very well. We - in addition to the limits that you mentioned, we also have a position limit of 1,000 contracts. Again, it's only about 1,500 contracts open interest. We're seeing interest from the buy side, sell side, retail and crop firms. And about 32% of the volume so far is coming from outside of the United States. So we are getting additional participants. But it's relatively a small part of our activity.
Operator: We'll go to Ben Herbert with Citi.
Benjamin Herbert: Just wanted to get some color around FX. And I know you called out very strong growth in Asia, but just anything else with the underlying customer base and mix shift there. And the new product launches in '18 and how you think that might grow the base.
Sean Tully: Sure. This is Sean jumping right in. Thank you for the question. We're very excited about the foreign exchange business. So the foreign exchange business last year, significantly outperforming the largest two cash market competitors in terms of volumes. And as I said earlier, we saw several new records, in terms of the large number of open interest holders last year. And we've just seen another one now in January. We were in the process of offering several new products that we're very excited about. We recently launched Wednesday Weekly Options, they actually had back-to-back record days a couple of weeks ago with the Bank of Canada meeting, of about 10,000 contracts a day on the Tuesday and Wednesday of that week around the expiry. Putting that in perspective, we're running around 6% of our entire FX options complex is already being driven by this brand-new Wednesday Weekly expiry. So we're really excited about that. In addition to that, we launched last year, monthly futures on our FX complex. So the monthlies are very exciting. Because for the first time, we are - we have a product that's trading about 10,000 contracts a day. It's going to offer participants an alternate to FX forwards on the IMM dates as well as the FX swaps. In addition to that, we do expect sometime in the first half, to launch something called CME FX Link. With CME FX Link, we will be offering participants with our partner, Citigroup, which has already been announced, the single largest OTC FX dealer in the world, to bring the OTC markets and the futures markets together. So you're going to be able to trade the basis between spot FX and each of our front FX futures contracts. This is going to allow participants to do FX swaps. Spot FX against each of our monthly futures. So we're very excited about being able to penetrate those marketplaces. If you think about the global FX market and the most recent BIS results, the spot FX market is about 1.7 trillion a day. Our quarterly FX futures, historically, have gone after that spot market. On the other hand, if you look at the deliverable forwards, the FX swaps and the currency swaps, those marketplaces make up about 3.1 trillion a day of the global OTC FX market. With our new products, we're also going after those market places and those participants. So we're very excited about our business there, we're very excited about offering participants the lowest total cost most efficient product possible. In FX, the last thing I'd like to say is, we're following the same playbook that we've followed in interest rates. If you look over the last six years, what we've accomplished in interest rates is new products. 17% of our interest rate revenue in 2017, actually came from new product launched since 2010. We've been very focused on having a product that is a much lower cost, much better value proposition and getting in new participants. In FX, we're following the same exact playbook. I'm excited to tell you that in December, Greenwich Associates published a study showing that the CME futures, FX futures are a far lower total cost, as much as 75% than the OTC market, representing the same risk. This is the same study that Greenwich Associates published in regards to our interest rate futures back in 2015. So we're very excited about using the same playbook, about offering participants a wider set of products that penetrate a much larger percentage of the marketplace and trying to win over the OTC marketplace.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt: Maybe one just on the net investment income, just wonder if you could give us an update on the cash balances, how does it sit currently? Your net investment income in 4Q? And then lastly, how your take rate on those balances has changed after the December hike? I think you passed along 80% of the benefit. But just wanted to clarify.
John Pietrowicz: Sure. Thanks, Kyle. This is John. And yes, in terms of the Fed activity, no, the small benefit that we saw with the Fed move in mid-December was offset by lower average cash balances. The cash balances from Q3 to Q4 were down about $1 billion - little over $1 billion. So that decrease of - offset the small benefit that we got because we didn't start earning until the additional basis points until mid-December. You are correct. We're keeping a net four basis points on balances at the Fed versus what we return to our customers.
Kyle Voigt: Okay. And was that just because total collateral was down in your keeping? Or was that just - was that a shift - a mix shift, just customers holding less cash?
John Pietrowicz: Yes, that's an excellent question. It's a - we saw both cash and noncash collateral decrease between Q3 and Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Worthington: Maybe for Derek, it was mentioned a lot of times during the quarter, a number of times record volumes in natural gas. So I'm wondering how the natural gas market is evolving, we're obviously seeing more LNG capabilities coming online. But things that seem to impact gas trading in the past, don't seem or didn't seem to have the same impact more recently. Kind of think hurricanes in the Gulf and how gas reacted this round versus in years past. So maybe talk about how the gas trading market is evolving in the U.S.? Where the differential market stands today. We've seen a surge in ClearPort volumes more recently. So maybe how the gas business is sort of flowing into ClearPort and this migration from - I'm sorry, yes, into ClearPort and how the migration is working from ClearPort to Globex? I think there's like six questions in there, but all gas related.
Derek Sammann: All right. Well, you know I talk fast, Ken, so I'll try to keep up with you. Relative to the - there's a structural story in the gas market you've heard us talk about and it's absolutely playing out over the course of the multiyear horizon. 2017, I think you saw a very, very tight range from a trading price perspective, we're starting to see that breakout. Couple that with what we're seeing to the point you made earlier is there has been a significant structural change in the global natural gas market. Historically, natural gas was priced on an index versus oil. And we've seen that correlation break down as gas itself has been able to separate itself from oil. And now you're seeing a growing infrastructure for exportable Henry Hub gas in the form of LNG or liquid natural gas. There's one liquefaction plant that's alive down in the Gulf coast and there are, I think, three more coming online in the next two years. What that means, driven by the frac-ing revolution that generally we associate with crude oil and WTI coming out of the Permian basin, there's a significant amount of natural gas, Henry Hub priced natural gas coming out of the U.S. at a much lower price point. And we are now becoming a swing producer in the global natural gas market just as the U.S. has become the swing producer in the global crude market. The implications of that, Ken, is that we're actually seeing an exportable form of Henry Hub priced, basis Henry Hub gas, coming out of the U.S. that will eventually start to see significant shipments outside the U.S. as more liquefaction plants come online. We're seeing that reflected in our own business. Our natural gas business was up 8% to a record last year in 2017. In January, our business is up 55%. Nat gas futures alone has been 744,000 contracts a day. As I mentioned, that's contributed to our overall energy record this year. And the last piece, I think you talked about ClearPort versus electronic trading or Globex trading. We're actually seeing a shift from broker market - market structure nat gas options to electronic trading of natural gas options. So not only have we grown our natural gas options business, we've converted that business, I think the first quarter of 2016, about 32% of our natural gas options traded electronically. And in January of this year, so four quarters later, that's north of 62%. So that's a market structure shift that is both reflective of the underlying connectivity of the global physical gas market, but we're also seeing that reflected in terms of the venue shift from brokers to electronic. And we typically generate better revenues from the Globex-based business. And relative to the total non-U.S. growth in Jan, we're seeing that continue to grow apace. So growth in global participation end-user participants in our nat gas is following a very similar path to what we put in place for WTI net structural story as well. So we're very excited about that. We are also right in the sake of what's called the gas season, natural gas from November to March. So typically, we see volume boost, but this is an outsized growth in January, which given investments we've made, we think that we can continue to globalize participation as that market connects globally with Henry Hub at its core.
Bryan Durkin: I would just add on the international perspective, the growth in nat gas, both out of EMEA as well as Asia has been tremendous. I mean, what we're seeing coming out of China and South Korea, I would keep watching those growth trajectories because it's played out very well in the last couple of quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Christopher Harris: Do you guys think that tax reform does anything to change the growth trajectory of futures volumes?
Terrence Duffy: I think what's helpful is it creates a more healthy customer base. So we talked a little bit about it before, I mean, our customers, our intermediaries, are healthier, which creates a healthier customer base, which should improve the markets. In terms of our futures volume directly attributable, probably not a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein: Just a quick follow-up, I guess, at this point. At the end of last year, you made a number of pricing increases, we talked about pricing increase in the market data side, but I don't think we talked much about on the trading side of things. And I think in the past you were able to kind of provide, given the same kind of volume mix and customer mix, the implications on kind of blended RPC could be for you guys for 2018. Just broader strokes, that would be helpful. And a quick follow-up again, along the same lines, but when you think about the mix shift in the energy business, can you spend a couple of minutes on kind of how the mix shift is evolving and any implications that could have on RPC specifically within energy?
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Alex. This is John. No different than prior years. And it's part of our normal course of business, we review incentive plans, volume tiers and the face rates that we charge our customers. And we're very targeted with how we approach pricing, really does not impact - not to impact volume. We're not going to give exact numbers in terms of revenue guidance going forward. I would say it's in the same range as we've done in previous years. I'll turn it over to Derek to talk about the energy question.
Derek Sammann: Yes, so there's probably four things I'll touch on relative to mix shift. First of all, you've heard us talk a lot about our investments and scaling of our non-U.S. participation. Typically, we see the rates per contract associated with non-U.S. customers higher than our base rates. So we're investing in acquiring a global customer base and that typically is positive for our mix shift. Within the customer mix itself, as we focused on our commercial customers, that also typically carries a higher RPC than our base rate. Very few of our biggest commercial customers are actually members - direct members, they change for various reasons. So as we continue to focus on to that end-user customer base, good for the open interest and good for drawing financial participants in, but they also typically carry a high RPC. And finally, from a venue and a products mix perspective, you saw us post very, very strong natural gas volumes and participation in both January as well as last December, also carries a higher RPC. And as we shift businesses from brokers to electronic trading, typically that's positive to the RPC as well. So hopefully those four mix, whether it's product venue or client, give you a sense of what we're seeing in the energy side.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell: Just on the equities RPC, that moved up nicely. Is that all due to the Basis Trade at Index Close contracts or was Bitcoin a contributor. I know that's a higher RPC. Maybe if you could just tell us what the average RPC so far has been on Bitcoin?
John Pietrowicz: Sure, in terms of the equity RPC, we had a better non-member mix. We had the full quarter impact of the Russell 2000 and BTIC, which was particularly strong and, Sean, do you want to talk a little bit about BTIC?
Sean Tully: Sure. On the BTIC, the RPC is running well north of $3 a contract. Again in January, about 39,000 contracts a day, about triple the volume of last year. And then last year was double the volume the year before. So we are very excited about that product. On the Russell 2000 as well, we are seeing a higher RPC than we are across the rest of our equity complex. Last time, we also mentioned that last year we saw growth in the NASDAQ futures and NASDAQ also has a somewhat higher RPC. So a number of positive tellings on the RPC side there. In terms of the Bitcoin, it does have a very high RPC. It is north of $5 per contract. Nonetheless, as Terry said earlier, we're only doing about 1,500 contracts a day. In terms of average daily volume, we only have about 1,500 contracts open interest. So the primary drivers were the Bitcoin, the Russell 2000 and the NASDAQ.
Brian Bedell: The BTIC, you mean for this...
Sean Tully: The BTIC, and the Russell 2000 and NASDAQ.
Brian Bedell: Yes, if I could squeeze just one more in maybe just on market data, I know there's a lot of moving parts here because of the audit's uncertain. And then the - with the price increases on the terminals, potential attrition rate is in question. But if you could just talk about how much do you think derived data will improve in 2018. And whether it's possible that you could see as much as a double-digit increase in market data fees in 2018 versus 2017.
John Pietrowicz: This is John. In terms of guidance, we're not going to be providing revenue guidance going forward. I think what you are seeing is the results of a lot of hard work that we've done to build out the audit team and the derived data sales. As Bryan indicated, we're building up a pipeline in terms of opportunities in the derived data side. And also, we're making good progress in terms of ensuring compliance with our reporting of terminals. So that should help with the attrition numbers. You are correct, we do have an increase in April from $85 to $105, so we're going to keep a strong eye on kind of the attrition impact to that. But combining that with in-sourcing the audit function should be helpful ensuring compliance and ensuring that the reported numbers are accurate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm: Just wanted to come back with a couple of follow-ups. The first one on capital return, I think this was asked, but maybe not answered, but when you think about the higher cash flow from tax - from the lower tax rate, et cetera, how are you thinking about the dividend in general? I think somebody asked about the variable dividend but - sorry, yes, the variable dividend. But given the higher run rate, is there like a position to actually bring the quarterly up as well? I mean, how does - maybe this is for Terry, how does the board think about that? I mean has there been discussions around the bringing the quarterly up as well with the higher run rate here?
Terrence Duffy: Alex, I think that from the board's perspective, as you know, they've been somewhat aggressive since we became a public company in 2002, when we were very aggressive about having a quarterly dividend and then introducing the variable. So we've moved it up, historically, throughout the years. And the board visits this on a quarterly basis. And I look forward to having a conversation with the board very soon. We have a meeting next week. So we'll be discussing quarterlies and other capital return policies as it relates to the dividend.
Alex Kramm: All right. Fair enough. And then just maybe secondly on the expense guide, I think you laid out kind of like the drivers of expenses for this year higher. But I think there's a view out there by some that given the low growth and expense over the last few years that maybe you underinvested a little bit in some areas and they might be like an upgrade cycle that has to come that's going to surprise us all. Can you maybe comment a little bit around that. You didn't talk about technology investments, et cetera, but your CapEx is coming up. So do you think you're keeping up with technology and demands from customers or is there a level of surprise that we should be getting ready for over the years?
John Pietrowicz: No, I mean, I think our technology team has done a fantastic job in terms of architecting our systems, so you don't have the step functions that you used to have years ago. It's much more linear in terms of the investment. You are seeing us make - in terms of our guidance, both on CapEx and on expense, additional investment in the business relative to those areas. We are very pleased with the performance of our systems, we're able to handle these record volumes. You heard from Sean and Derek, the number of records that we're setting. And when you take a look at some of the massive days such as the Brexit or the U.S. elections, we handled them without issue. In addition to the performance that we're doing - performance that our systems have, we also are very cognizant of security and that's an area that we continue to invest in to ensure that our - ensure the integrity of our markets. So it is an area that we are continuously investing in and continuously innovating on. Just kind of circle back in terms of the tax reform, one of the things I mentioned was, it's good for our customer base. In terms of our customer base, obviously, those that are corporations, you will see a significant reduction in taxes, which could help in terms of driving additional business onto our exchange with the lower tax rate and the ability to utilize our products relative to their risk management needs. Couple that with the change in accounting for hedging - hedge accounting, I think both are positive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: I'm going to kind of pick on you a little bit with this question. You guys obviously have a lot of strength in a lot of different products, both in the fourth quarter and then to start 2018. But one area that kind of jumped out to me was your S&P 500 futures. If we look at CBOT, their SGX options volume was up about 40% year-over-year in January versus your S&P futures volume was up about 8%. What do we read into that? Is there a different use case right now in the current volatility environment that might impact SGX a little bit more or is there something else going on?
Sean Tully: This is Sean jumping in. No, our volumes in our options have grown as a portion of the overall marketplace over the last few years consistently. So while there may be short-term fluctuations that are somewhat different, certainly over the longer term, we have been outperforming the other marketplaces. And in particular, our - as I said earlier, the BTIC, which allows participants to trade our futures at the cash market close, their options do settle to the cash market close. And we do believe that the delta hedging is now being done by our BTIC. In addition to that, I will mention that our equity options are actually up 46% year-over-year. So we're actually doing very, very well.
Terrence Duffy: Yes, I think that's important. I just want to jump in on that a little bit because I think Sean nailed it. But when you're in these low volatility times, options become a very attractive play. And that's what we're seeing. So that's why we're seeing the growth in our options and our features. So I think you're not actually comparing the right products. So when you look at our options growth on our S&P versus just the futures against the SGX, it's a little bit different. So Mobile increases more activity in options.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Campbell with Barclays.
Jeremy Campbell: Just wanted to do a quick follow-up here. I mean, your slide deck still says you still keep - you look to keep $700 million of minimum cash. I think, per prior calls and conversations, there's some hope that, that minimum cash level could get reduced a little bit because of shutting down European operations and exiting OTC. I'm just wondering, did you guys decide that $700 million firmly remains the right number? Or is that still kind of up for discussion and possibly still on the table as some dry powder either ahead of the 2019 year-end dividend or other avenues of capital deployment?
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Jeremy. We are very pleased to have dividend out almost $1.2 billion with our annual variable dividend, which got us down to about $715 million in terms of the minimum cash balance. So it's much more aggressive than we've been in the past. But we did not change the minimum level of cash at this time. We did take into consideration the cash that was returned from the wind down of the European exchange and clearinghouse. So our cash levels, taking into consideration the annual variable dividend, was about $145 million lower than it's been over the last year and significantly lower than it's been over the last couple of years. So we've been much closer to the $700 million target.
Operator: And our final question comes from Jonathan Casteleyn with Hedgeye.
Jonathan Casteleyn: First to your thoughts on activity levels in fixed income versus quantitative tightening. So this has been largely loss diagnostics in its $4 trillion position. So I'm curious as it unwinds, it's [indiscernible]. Exactly what do you think the activity rate could be on the exchange?
Sean Tully: So certainly since October, the Federal Reserve has been reducing the size of its balance sheet. As they've announced, as we know, right, since October, they've been reducing it by around $10 billion a month. And that will increase over the next couple of years. So that by 2021, I think the $1.3 trillion reduction in the balance sheet that they're looking for. This should have a very gradual positive impact on the need for additional hedging. As you know, the Federal Reserve, when they purchase treasury and mortgage-backed securities, were not price sensitive. However, the additional securities that will need to be purchased will be from price-sensitive buyers. And so therefore, on a gradual basis, it should help to increase our volumes.
Jonathan Casteleyn: Okay, makes sense. And quickly, I have a question for Terry. Obviously, you seem to have your finger on the pulse on the comings and goings in the regulatory environment in D.C. So curious, just some perspective about how you think the environment's getting more restrictive, less restrictive? And any sort of catalyst coming down the pipe from a regulatory standpoint?
Terrence Duffy: So I got most of your question, we have maybe a little telecommunications problem with the call. But I think that your question was based around the regulatory environment. Is it better, worse, indifferent. Is that kind of the general question?
Jonathan Casteleyn: Yes, exactly. Sorry about that. Yes.
Terrence Duffy: Yes. I would say that the regulatory environment is, obviously, for the most part the same. I think when you look at Dodd-Frank, just as it applies to us, not a whole lot has changed. As far as the law goes and what Congress voted on, I think what you're seeing is the regulators are now writing rules that are applied to Dodd-Frank that they don't need congressional votes on. So at the fringes, they can make some changes which is positive for us. I think when you look at what the Europeans are going through right now under EMIR 2.0 and MiFID II, that's a different landscape for some of our European competitors and some of the business we do under their - under the EMIR 2.0 regulation. So that's something we're keeping a very close eye on. As you know, we were just deemed equivalent in the European Union within the last two years. We believe that, that will continue to be the same equivalence of rating, even though they're coming up with new regulation. There's a lot of people on the regulatory side here in the United States in our government and in our legislative branch that are aware that U.S. businesses have been deemed equivalent and want to make sure that we continue to have that status in the European Union. So from the most part, I would call it positive to neutral? And - but that's an ever-changing environment and we keep a very close watch on it.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Terrence Duffy: I want to thank all of you, on behalf of myself and the rest of the management team for participating in today's call, and obviously, your interest in CME Group. We appreciate it very much, and have a wonderful day. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Peschier - MD Terrence Duffy - Chairman & CEO John Pietrowicz - CFO Sean Tully - Senior MD, Global Head Financial & OTC Products Kim Taylor - President, Clearing & Post-Trade Services Bryan Durkin - President Derek Sammann - Senior MD, Global Head of Commodities & Options Products
Analysts: Dan Fannon - Jefferies Chris Allen - Rosenblatt Rich Repetto - Sandler O'Neill Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Kyle Voigt - KBW Jeremy Campbell - Barclays Ben Herbert - Citi Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James
Operator: Please standby. Good day everyone and welcome to the CME Group Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. John Peschier. Please go ahead.
John Peschier: Good morning and thank you all for joining us. I'm going to start with the Safe Harbor language and then I'll turn it over to Terry for a few remarks and then we will open it up for your questions. Other members of our team are here as well and will participate during the Q&A session. Statements made on this call and in the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Also, on the last page of the earnings release, you will find a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, John. I want to thank you all for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in CME Group. We made great progress during Q3 broad-based volume growth coupled with expense discipline drove double-digit net adjusted EPS growth. We also have several new initiatives in the works. We know many of you are incredibly busy during the earnings season and also often are juggling multiple calls. We are coming up on our 15th anniversary of becoming a public company and we decided to assess our earnings delivery process. We decided to create a quarterly highlight document that we made available 90 minutes ago with the press release. This will replace the normal scripted remarks. Hopefully you had a chance to look at it. One of the notable financial metrics I would like to mention is when comparing year-to-date this year versus 2014, our revenue was up $473 million, our total expenses remained flat, and non-operating income is up $80 million. These results reflect a lot of hard work across the whole company as we focus on acquiring new global customers and being efficient. We intend to continue with this mindset. With that we would like to open up the call for your questions. Given the number of analysts who cover us, we ask that you start off with one question, so we can get to everyone. If you have another question feel free to jump back into the queue. Thank you and we look forward to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today is from Dan Fannon from Jefferies.
Dan Fannon: Thanks, good morning. Terry and John I guess my first question is on M&A. There has been some activity within the industry, seems that remains ongoing, so want to get an update on your kind of outlook for that and your participation if at all. Then also youve been exiting kind of non-core businesses, so curious are all investment securities if there is anything else that you're looking or that's continuing kind of a valuation process.
Terrence Duffy: So I'll take the latter part of that question first, Dan, and when you look at what we've done over the last year especially taken down our investment in Europe getting out of the credit market -- credit business and getting out of the investment we had in Brazil just to name a few. I think that we're pretty much just where we need to be right now by taking down those investments. I'm a big believer and they don't work after while you eventually have to call the question and it wasn't where Europe wasn't completely working, its just we built the liquidity here in U.S. here and Chicago round the clock which made it much more efficient for the company to run. So that's really the reasons behind that. And the other investments especially Brazil, I'm a big believer if shareholders want us to invest their money, they can do it themselves, they don't need us to do it for them and as it relates to credit that was just a losing proposition for us and eventually needed to call the question. So those are a couple of the main ones that I think you're referring to and I think that's pretty much where we want to be right now. We're analyzing some smaller incentive plans things of that nature but nothing that would move the radar. As far as other M&A activity, John, I would like you to comment on.
John Pietrowicz: Sure. Our view on M&A really Dan hasn't changed. We still believe that large scale cross-border exchange M&A is very difficult to get done especially in this current environment. But we do keep our options open as it relates to mergers and acquisitions, if we find something that we think can create shareholder value and advance our strategy, we'll certainly execute on it but we're right now sitting at a really strong position. So we can be -- we can approach things from a position of strength. So that's our view on mergers and acquisitions.
Operator: Moving on, our next question comes from Chris Allen from Rosenblatt.
Chris Allen: Good morning guys. I just wanted to touch quickly on the expense guidance for the full-year and how to think about the sequential movement on -- in terms of 4Q. I know you should expect the big bump up in marketing spend, but when we get some of the other lines professional services, you have done a good job of managing down this year. So I'm just wondering how to think about the sequential growth there. And then moving forward your CapEx has continued to decline every single year for us like three or four years, you brought it down again. How you're able to maintain the continuous decline and how to think about that from the longer-term perspective?
John Pietrowicz: Sure Chris, this is John. Yes, you're correct; when you take a look at kind of the sequential growth in our expenses it's a pattern that be consistent over the years. Our fourth quarter tend to be significantly heavier than our third quarter. We do get a bump up in marketing and other because we got some customer-facing events that occur in the fourth quarter. Also when you take a look at the increase from Q3 to Q4 this year, we do have some catch-up on projects, so we do expect our pro services fees to go up a little higher. When you look at Q4 of last year versus Q4 of this year, it's really about a $4 million increase. When you look at our average compensation cost over the first three quarters it's up about $6 million a quarter. So our non-compensation related expenses are actually going to go down a little bit, we're anticipating going into Q4. In terms of our expense guidance this has been an entire CME wide effort and the team has done a fantastic job of really managing our expenses well. As Terry kind of alluded to in his remarks to start, our expense level is below what it was in 2014, with regard to our total expenses excluding license fees. So the team is really has a really strong mindset around managing cost. When looking at our CapEx on a year-by-year basis, the capital -- our CapEx spend is actually over the last several years has decreased -- I'm sorry has actually been in the range of between $70 million and $85 million. So our capital on tech only in 2015 was about $72 million, in 2016 is about $86 million, the guidance we've given is between $80 million and $85 million. So it's roughly been in that range in 2016. Whats really important is that we've been the tech team has done a tremendous job in terms of managing and engineering our systems and utilizing new technologies like cloud-based services which has allowed to scale our business and handle significant market events with high availability around the clock, while being very efficient in our spending. We can handle two to three times our current volume levels as needed. And that was really demonstrated when you took a look at the U.S. Elections and Brexit as examples. So we've got a very robust system. The team is leveraging new technologies and is really done a lot great work in terms of engineering our systems.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Rich Repetto from Sandler O'Neill.
Rich Repetto: Good morning guys and thanks for the new process here. So I guess the question -- one of the question is $150 million in capital from Europe, I believe that's the number and Im not sure whether that's completely freed up and it is, is that earmarked where would you -- is that likely to go to the annual variable dividend at year-end?
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Rich, this is John. We're very pleased with the amount of cash we've been able to build. We've got about $1.63 billion in cash and cash equivalents coming into the fourth quarter. Our typical Q4 build is between $175 million to $250 million excluding one-time items like Brazil and building sales. So we're very pleased with our -- with the way we've been able to generate cash, our expense controls and organic growth are really driving those balances higher. I think when we take a look at the level of the annual variable dividend that's a board decision. Certainly the point of discussion will be around the capital freed up from our operations out of Europe. So that $150 million will be point of discussion we talk with the board in the fourth quarter about the annual variable dividend.
Rich Repetto: Okay, thank you. I will get back in the queue.
John Pietrowicz: All right. Thank you, Rich.
Terrence Duffy: Thank you, Rich.
Operator: And Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank has our next question.
Brian Bedell: Great, thanks. Thanks very much. I also appreciate the new format. You guys talked a little bit about in the presentation on the uncleared margin rules for FX futures and how you're working with swap participants. Can you talk a little bit maybe you about your sort of growth outlook on FX futures? We're seeing a little bit of better volumes certainly on the roll months. But I was just trying to get a sense of whether you think that will create a pretty big step function in FX futures volumes from that activity alone over the next few quarters?
Terrence Duffy: Sean?
Sean Tully: Sure, this is Sean jumping in. We are excited about the FX business and we are working very closely with the marketplace in order to solve the markets problems much in the same way that we did rates market over the last several years. The rates market over the last several years' right we facilitated recurring interest rate swaps and then the movement of a lot of folks from OTC space into future space, as the rules hit market participants and we've shown that futures grow with the best way to lowest-cost way to represent risk. So working with participants again in the FX market, we're very excited about that, we do offer non-billable forward hearing in the OTC space and we are looking to launch in the near future OTC FX options hearing as well. In addition to that we recently launched a monthly FX futures, which we're really excited about. The monthly FX futures gives the marketplace an alternative and kicks on the FX forward market as well as the FX swaps market and we actually had a day about a week-and-a-half ago, where we did more than 21,000 contracts in our new monthly contract -- in our new monthly. That's an important number. If you think about our FX contracts does 900,000 contracts a day, 21,000 day in a new product is a significant portion that day was almost 3% of our FX volumes. So we are seeing additional participants come in and we are seeing the uptick of these products. We also announced recently the launch of CME FX link which we expect to launch actually January of next year. With CME FX link you're going to be able to trade on Globex, the spread between an OTC spot transaction and our futures contract. So this will be against our start from three contracts, the monthlies as well as from quarterly. So we're very excited about that, for the first time we will have a listed standardized equivalent for FX swaps and FX forwards. Why is it so exciting? Relative to the margin rules, the GSIT rules, and even under MITHID 2 the impact on market adjustments that will have to post margin on these products, the standardized futures will be a lower cost alternative. And if you look at the FX forwards market and the FX swaps market combined according to the most recent study from the BIS between the two of them it's about $2.1 trillion available volume. So we're offering a standardized equivalent and we're excited about working with market participant on that.
Brian Bedell: And just from the pace of that momentum did you see that building more sort of now, I guess in the fourth quarter and for next year or is that do you view this as much more of a longer-term project?
Sean Tully: Probably longer-term. I mean really not going to -- obviously longer-term not going to put our predictions very hard to predict, how much transfer will be, but we want to be there to offer the lowest cost, most efficient alternative for the market.
Terrence Duffy: Brian one of the things I will say it's Terry Duffy is when you have a mandatory law such as Dodd-Frank that implements on the certain particular day people care for that. When you have whats under the uncleared margin rules as it relates to FX it's economics that dictates the behavior of the participant, when the economics come under actually almost much more powerful than a mandatory date. So without us trying to give any timeline of when we think thats going to have an uptick one way or another I think that you have to look at the differences and economics around these particular rules always seem to live up.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Michael Carrier, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier: Thanks guys. Maybe just one on the regulatory outlook, the treasury put out the capital markets report there are a ton of recommendation in air cost its pretty much all areas, it seems like a lot of the comments on either the futures market declaring the CFPC in the industry is already been working on lot of that stuff but just wanted to get your take on any new launches that you saw in the report and how you see that progressing over the next few years?
Terrence Duffy: Mike, I'll take -- I will make comment on that. I had the opportunity to meet several times the treasury along with Kim Taylor and other people in the organization and got a chance to go through the report and got a good summary as if you've seen the report it's rather lengthy but there is a couple of things in that that I will point out that the supplemental leverage ratio that the stance of the treasury is taking in that report is very positive, we think that they're spot on with the way of looking at that. As it relates to some of the other things in the report, I think for the most part it doesn't have any adverse impact on CME Group or the businesses that we run but from that standpoint we're going to -- we're fine with the report. So the one thing that is in there again even though its that supplemental leverage ratio and Kim if you want to comment any further on that report but we --
Kim Taylor: The capital implication for our customers is the most important.
Terrence Duffy: Right. So that's kind of how we look at that report, Mike.
Operator: And moving on our next question comes from Ken Worthington from JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: I'm going to sneak in two half questions. One on data, data seems to have turned the quarter so much on some modest sequential growth, any comments there and then clearing revenues teams to be going the other way continuing to decline modestly; can you give us an update there? Thank you.
Terrence Duffy: So Bryan why don't you go ahead and start off the data?
Bryan Durkin: With respect to data, weve been working hard to add new resources to support our core market data efforts in business mainly focusing on new resources in international commercialization of our data products and also audits and derived data. With respect to our progress and in-sourcing the audit function, we completed our resourcing efforts and we're overseeing this function now internally and we have commenced a numerous market data audits couple of which are in the completion stage. On derived data we continue to be pleased with demand for that pipeline that we have to-date. We closed a number of licensing arrangements and are in track to deliver more agreements over the course of the next several months. And I want to note that well a number of agreements for renewals of existing licenses, we're really pleased to see the strong pipeline of new request that are under review and are in the process of being executed. We also recently announced an increase to the annual redistribution license from 12,000 per annum to 24,000 per annum. The real time data in 12 to 18,000 for delayed data. With respect to the non-display market data registrants, we have also announced an introduction of a new category and requiring all of our licensees to provide information on these categories to identify more specifically the field of use, so whether the trading is principal facilitating clients business using for order routing management systems et cetera. Getting this business intelligence will enable us to optimize our pricing structures and will provide our customers I believe with more future products and services aligned to their consumption and usage needs. So these reporting requirements will take effect in January. To note as with other data providers while we continue to see some attrition with respect to our professional data terminal usage base, we have also observed an increase in the non-display, non-professional retail, and Asia categories. So we're currently reviewing those user profiles to confirm the appropriate pricing structures going forward.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Bryan. So Sean you want to deal with the clearing revenue question he was talking about?
Sean Tully: Sure. In terms of clearing revenue on the interest rate side, we expect to be flattish this year, so revenues to be fairly flat. As we mentioned earlier right we have decided to close our CBS Clearing activity. And while the revenues were small, the net income was negative. So that also would have an impact on those numbers. But if you look at the interest rate swaps flattish but slightly higher. We are -- Im excited about the new offerings that we have, we had very good traction over the last 12 months particularly in Mexico Peso and Brazilian Real. In those two currencies were running over $20 billion a day and we have now over 170 participants and in fact to get an additional 50 participants in our Latin American interest rate swaps, so far this year. Were also excited to say that we launched the Indian Rupee and KRW, so the Korean Won interest rate swap clearing. Weve already done and those currencies are around 30 trades with 16 participants, which is very good traction for the very beginning. If you look at the Brazilian Real, the Mexican Peso, the Korean Won and the Indian Rupee these are where we had a unique value proposition especially with the Mexican Peso when we first launched it and the traction we got. So in these currencies we expect to be the value proposition relative to addressing the margin rules and earning that efficiency to the marketplace that we will do much better than we have in the past. To add to that, actually, we recently had more than 30 trades executed in our Swaptions clearing. While we had relatively small business, we are getting traction in new product.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Sean. Ken does that give you some color on your questions.
Ken Worthington: A lot of color. Thank you very much.
Terrence Duffy: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: We will hear next from Kyle Voigt from KBW.
Kyle Voigt: Hi good morning. Maybe one for John. Just wondering if we get some updated thoughts around transaction pricing, youve seen really strong growth in the number of product complexes this year and typically you have the ability to adjust the pricing volume tiers in the growing volume environment as youve done over the past few years and I think weve gotten prior pricing announcements on or before that -- after the quarter earnings calls, just wondering if you could read into that CME doesnt file making new pricing changes for 2018 or is there still time left here? Thanks.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Kyle. We are -- we take a look at pricing continuously and we are going through our budgeting process right now. So pricing is something that we do, we do take a look at relative to creation of the budget. We did have some pricing announcements recently in our Euro dollar options area that you might have seen in the report and we think this is going to be important in terms of attracting more customers into that marketplace. Sean, do you want to comment on that?
Sean Tully: Sure. Over the last few years everyone, we thought this number of times work very hard in terms of investments in our technology and investments in the ability to have very fast responses to strategies and our options marketplace in order to facilitate the electronification. So the Euro dollar options as John mentioned we leveled the playing field between the different venues in particular for members we did increase the fees from $0.09 to $0.15 if you're trading in the fifth. And then we lowered them on Globex in terms of the fees with CME it gets $24 to $22. So you can see there we have reduced the differential leveling the playing field in order to get more particularly international participants and to continue our growth of our electronic market. If it is the success weve had there over last two years, were currently running at 40% electronic in our Euro dollar option last year were about 25% electronic a year before that about 15% electronic, so very significant growth in our electronic market. In addition to that actually around the treasury side, we're currently running at around 80% electronic versus closer to 70% last year. So we're excited about the increasing electronification and the increasing volumes. If you look at those marketplaces while our overall rates business is up about 15% year-over-year, our options business is growing much, much faster. Our Euro dollar options in particular are running up 19% year-over-year and our treasury options in fact are up 41% year-over-year. So we see increasing participation, increased participants, increasing volume, I think John and I have spoken many times in the past about as we electronify we typically see much higher velocity of trading and that's definitely coming to fruition here.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeremy Campbell from Barclays.
Jeremy Campbell: Hi thanks. Just as we kind of look ahead here in potentially for getting another kind of rate hike at the December Fed meeting, can you just remind us about what do you guys might have looked to kind of pass-through to clients as far as kind of rate increases and what you might be able to keep with yields?
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Jeremy, this is John. We havent announced how were going to handle another Fed move but to give you some color about how were thinking about it, we want to be competitive with the returns our customers can get with other investments versus what they can get at the Fed. And we want to do this in order to attract the cash balances to the Fed. So we haven't announced that but the way were thinking about it really is the company though is our returns that we can offer by putting money in the Fed versus alternative investment vehicles, so more to come on that once the Fed moves.
Jeremy Campbell: But I think is it safe to say that youre going to get a little bit of an effect pass-through 100% on that?
John Pietrowicz: Were not going to comment on it, its too early and its unknown exactly when the Fed is going to move. So we dont want to -- we will comment on that once the Fed makes the rate change.
Operator: And Ben Herbert from Citi has our next question.
Ben Herbert: Could you just provide some color on market share gains in metals kind of competitive dynamic there and then what youre doing to protect recent gains?
Derek Sammann: Sure it's Derek here. We're very excited about the growth in metals; we have been able to put forward. What we have developed over the last specifically three years was the diversification story to ensure that our COMEX metals franchise extends beyond the precious metals business where we have a global 95% market share which has actually increased year-on-year primarily due to our Gold and silver business but Platinum, Palladium as well. What we have done primarily in the metals side on precious is to continue to electronify our options business extend liquidity out of the curve and were seeing significant participation outside the U.S. between WTI and gold are the two most popular products with the retail population particularly in Asia. That's help us through I think Q3 metals non-U.S. volumes up 45% year-on-year Q3 2017 versus 2016. So global participation in our market of electronifying our options market we actually had a record level of electronification in metals options, I think we went from 39% to 46% of electronics there so we are continuing to see extensive gains on the electronics side. On the other side of the franchise, we put a specific focus in place in 2014 to build the industrial metal side of the business. So the market share gains you see us make primarily in copper, take that business from about a 12%, 15% market share in 2014 to close to 27% year-to-date this year. So the way it has gone about that is really talking to our customers and making sure that were building not just participation globalized use in our copper business but ensuring that we have the balance of the portfolio for the other industrial metals product they need primarily around aluminum, lead and zinc. So these are very different client bases, precious metals tend to trade more like a financial products we see growth trends that are on the lines of FX and fixed income is really financial products, the industrial metals side of the business came at a point in time when we are saying infrastructure conversations in the U.S. which is a direct correlation to growth in bonds and participation in our copper contract and globalize the participation. So weve seen strong market share gains there. We have been able to do that without any pricing cuts, were competing with better products, better liquidity, and electronic access in the European Nation market. So were pleased with the progress weve made, we will continue to build on those market share gains and certainly the industrial metals portion of that business as and when we see global recovery we believe we will continue to see growth we have developed and built the base for and we think we will continue to grow participation globally there.
Operator: We will go next to Patrick O'Shaughnessy from Raymond James.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Hey good morning. So we have seen the nice reacceleration of your international volume growth and it looks like a lot of that is European customers trading your energy products, what is it specifically that is really catching on, is a focus on WTI is it broad-based and why a lot greater European growth and U.S. growth in that product group right now?
Terrence Duffy: So Patrick were going to have Bryan comment a little bit about the growth and then Derek talk about the products. So Bryan?
Bryan Durkin: So this just underscores the efforts that we've undertaken in the last few years in terms of our sales efforts and outreach and its showing its impact across these asset classes. Energy in particular and Derek can get into the mechanics more so but in terms of the activity, the volatility, the recognition of that product as the benchmark has definitely taken major traction within EMEA across I would say all of our clients segments by the way huge uptake on the commercial side particularly driven out of EMEA, solid commercial participation continuing out of Asia which is a new dynamic that weve seen in the last year-and-a-half and its continuing to build that were just there a couple of weeks ago and the reviews in terms of our energy suite and robustness of energy suite have resonated loud and clear with that community. So you can expect more efforts in that regard because I really don't even believe we have scratched this surface in terms of opportunity, asset managers, hedge fund banks all are very aggressively trading these products. Multiple asset classes, biggest drivers in terms of cross product is asset managers, hedge funds, and corporates and commercials.
Derek Sammann: Patrick a little color from the product side. If you look at the top of Page 2 in the document that we circulated for the earnings call particularly you will see we call the asset class growth or we see the energy non-U.S. business is 65%. We attribute that largely to the continued growth and globalization of the U.S. Crude benchmark and WTI now that it's a waterboard and benchmark. We are seeing participation in our markets skyrocket. Youre absolutely right pointed the European and particularly the Asian participation growth there as well. What were excited about there is not only the fact that were seeing volumes growth but in Appendix material we sent you on Page 20, you will see the large open interest holders we set records over the course of this year and we're setting just below a new large open interest holder record there as well. So the point Bryan made we are seeing broad-based participation, accelerated growth in Europe and Asia that's on the crude side. What we are really excited about is actually we are starting to see a natural gas market that is beginning to follow a similar path in globalizing that weve seen in WTI over the last couple of years. So were starting to see Henry Hub which has always been the U.S. benchmark rise to be global benchmark status, as you are seeing Henry Hub continue to expand, that's a market we've taken from 68% market share to 80% market share in the last 24 months. As youre starting to see liquefaction facilities come online in the U.S. which is actually a transportable version of U.S. natural gas connects natural gas markets that places Henry Hub as the center of the global gas market. So were starting to see a early uptake and we are seeing broader participation and increase in action to -- from European participants particularly in light of some of the regulatory changes they are facing locally, being a path that weve been able to develop for the growth in WTI. We see a similar path unfold over time relative to the NAT gas development. We see this as multi-year process; we dont see this happen in overnight, there is one liquefaction facility online now the Sabine Pass, but three more facilities come online in the next two to three years. So you will see they take growing building the participation base, you will see this follow a similar path of globalizing use of WTI and we thought this 80% market share in the Henry Hub futures market, we think we are well positioned to serve that global use and make sure that our energy business as a core of the global NAT gas business going forward.
Operator: And we will take a follow-up question from Rich Repetto from Sandler ONeill.
Rich Repetto: Yes. I got a real time question here would the CME be interested in the Deutsche Borse now that Carsten Kengeter is stepping down by year-end. I'm kidding Terry, but definitely Im not going to ask you that question but that is a news that just broke. But I do have a question around M&A youve been focusing generally on CFPC regulated entities, futures your large acquisitions have been with CBOT and NYMEX. As you look forward Terry would you necessarily need the state within those boundary, would you look at some of the entities out there now have -- are regulated by both, are you more open to stuff like that going forward given the majority of the markets et cetera.
Terrence Duffy: Rich, the only thing I will say and I'll kind of follow-up with John said earlier and that is were going to look and continue to look and because we put ourselves in a position to analyze so many different transactions of what's going to add value to the client, I said a year ago when I took over as CEO my major focus was building the end user clients and that's what were continuing to do. So we freed up a lot of capital, were continuing to do new client acquisition and if there is a potential transaction that makes sense that will add to the bottom-line for our clients, I truly believe that's the formula that we will in return to deliver value for our shareholders. So thats the path that Im going down and as far as the regulation goes and who regulates that particular product that we go after it, we will take that under consideration but I will not shy away from something that I think will deliver value from the company just because of who regulates it.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session today. At this time, I will turn the conference back to management for additional or closing remarks.
Terrence Duffy: Well we want to thank you as I said at the outset for your participation in CME and your interest and we hope you have a good day and thank you very much.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John C. Peschier - CME Group, Inc. Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc. John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc. Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc. Sunil Cutinho - CME Group, Inc. Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc. Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.
Analysts: Sameer Murukutla - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP Ben Herbert - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Chris M. Harris - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the CME Group Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Peschier. Please go ahead.
John C. Peschier - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, and thank you all for joining us. Terry and John will make some initial remarks and then we'll open up the call for your questions. Other members of our team are also here and will participate during the Q&A. Before they begin, I will read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, which are available on our website. Also, on the last page of the earnings release, you will find a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, John, I am going to make some initial comments and then I'm going to turn the call over to John Pietrowicz. So, as we look at our average daily volume during the second quarter it grew by 9% to 16.5 million contracts per day. This is extremely impressive growth, especially considering the tough comps we had last year. During the quarter, our total open interest hit record levels. We also experienced large, open interest holders at record levels in several key products. We had double-digit volume growth in Q2 in our two largest segments, interest rates and energy. We believe we are well-positioned long-term in these products. Within rates, we delivered strength across the board in Eurodollars Treasuries including the Ultra 10 and the Fed Funds futures. This was driven by exceptional liquidity, capital efficiencies, and continued innovation. In Q2, the Fed elaborated on their plans to reduce their balance sheet over time. This will create another dimension for the trading community to consider. Energy markets have been particularly dynamic. The U.S. has become the swing producer in the global crude oil market. It has been driven by increased domestic production and rising exports of WTI. This continued structural shift in the global crude market helped us achieve record levels of WTI trading, averaging 1.5 million contracts per day during the quarter. We are also pleased with the continued growth of natural gas options on Globex. It' has been one of our major initiatives this year. Electronic volumes grew 156% in June. We reached a record 52% electronic in June versus just 1% in June of 2015. Like WTI, over the past two years, we believe our Henry Hub contracts will continue to rise in global relevance. This should be driven by increased U.S. shale gas production and increased U.S. exports of LNG, or liquefied natural gas. There is a clear trend. WTI and Henry Hub are being adopted as global benchmarks. This is reflected in the fact that 23% of our energy volume came from outside the United States, up from 18% in Q2 last year. Within FX, we are performing well. We are starting to reap the benefits of our approach to expand our offering to one of the largest asset classes in the world. You see in terms of recent volume growth. We have also seen expanded participation from bank clients. In Q2, we saw continued outperformance relative to the other two largest FX platforms in terms of trading activity. Large, open interest holders in FX are up 11% year-over-year at CME Group. We are seeing early traction on our recently launched FX monthly futures, targeted towards the $2.4 trillion per day FX swaps market, and so far, we have had 200 unique participants since launch. In addition, in late June we achieved an important step in our ability to provide clearing services for over-the-counter FX options by receiving a notice of non-objection from the CFTC for our margin model, which will enable us to supplement our non-deliverable forward offering. Our metals volume continues to expand. We had our third consecutive record quarter in retail. It was driven by precious metals average daily volume up 14% and copper up 15%. Both products substantially outperformed volumes on our peer exchanges. Turning to options, we continue to gain traction with important business. Options are particularly useful for customers in low-volatility environment. This is shown by strong growth in our equity options despite depressed levels of equity market volatility. Total options grew 21% to the same quarter last year. We saw surge in electronic options, up 30% to 2.2 million contracts per day. From a global perspective, we continue to see strong growth. We had record quarter in terms of ADV from both Europe and Asia. This led to a sizable jump in the percentage of total volume from outside the U.S. It also showed increased participation during non-U.S. trading hours. If you look across the 24-hour day, we saw 33% growth during European hours to 1.4 million contracts per day during Asian hours and we saw 22% growth to 430,000 contracts per day in that region. Our focus continues to be on maximizing our results. There are certain parts of our business we feel confident that we can control to accelerate growth, such as continuing to provide superior customer service and outreach, providing a robust, reliable technology platform, and consistently adding relevant new products. In closing, earlier last month we launched the Russell 2000 futures. We are pleased with the participation so far, and are well positioned to expand that market. The Russell benefits our clients who want to manage risk in the important small-cap segment. Combined with our other equity products, it gives our customers access to all the major equity indexes on a single platform. Before I turn it over to John, let me go back on one thing I said about the metals. I said that it was continuing to increase in retail. It's not. That wasn't retail, it was continuing to increase overall. So, I apologize for that misstatement. And with that, let me turn it over to John.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you, Terry, and good morning, everyone. We are very pleased to report another strong quarter. Our consistent steady results reflect the benefits of our balanced portfolio of diverse products and our continued efforts to operate our business as efficiently as possible. Our solid clearing and transaction fee revenue was driven by record activity in energy and metals and more than 20% volume growth in interest rates. That, coupled with strong expense discipline, resulted in another quarter of record adjusted net income and earnings per share. Overall, our rate per contract for the quarter was $0.749, up 2% from the prior quarter. This was primarily due to a product mix shift towards our higher priced commodity products. Market data came in at $96 million, relatively in line with Q1. As indicated on the last call, this will be the general range for 2017. Our additional data products and services beyond real-time sales are more of a 2018 driver. Other revenue was down $4.6 million sequentially, the result of a few non-recurring one-time items in recent quarters. Also, our interest-earning facilities investment income, which had previously run between $2.5 million and $3 million per quarter and is included in the other revenue section, dropped to almost zero in Q2 as the vast majority of cash margin deposits have been migrated into the Fed facility which has a higher rate of return. The revenue and expense is reflected in non-operating results. Moving to expenses, our second quarter expense was $261 million, down 3% compared to the prior year, excluding license fees and adjustments: We are maintaining our 1% full-year expense growth guidance, which excludes license fees, based on expected back-half spending. Our adjusted compensation expense was up 3% compared to the same quarter a year ago, but down about $2 million sequentially. Our compensation ratio in Q2 was 14.5%, relatively in line with Q1 and the full-year of 2016. Looking at the non-operating income and expense line for the second quarter, our ownership in the S&P Dow Jones Indices joint venture is what drove the $32 million in net earnings from unconsolidated subsidiaries. This was the highest quarter we have seen and up 18% from Q2 last year. The compound annual growth rate on this contribution has been 13% since 2013. Our returns from investing cash on behalf of our customers increased sequentially to $21.2 million, up from $12.2 million in Q1. The tax rate in the second quarter was an adjusted 36.5%, up sequentially as we had guided to last quarter. Given the recent announcement of an increase in the Illinois State income tax starting in July, we expect our tax rate to increase by 0.4% annually and 0.2% for the current quarter. For modeling purposes, I would suggest you use 36.8% for the second half, or 36.5% for 2017. And now to the balance sheet. At the end of the second quarter, we had approximately $1.45 billion in cash and marketable securities. We paid out $223 million in June through our regular quarterly dividend. It is worth noting we have returned approximately $8 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends since the implementation of the variable dividend policy in early 2012. Finally, during the second quarter, capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $16.5 million. For the year, we now expect $90 million to $95 million of CapEx. In summary, we continue to execute well on our plans in an efficient and effective manner, no matter the underlying environment. We continue to work closely with our customers. We aim to improve their experience and provide them with solutions to their challenges. We also are positioning ourselves to attract more new users from around the world to our deep liquid capital-efficient markets. For the quarter, our efforts resulted in record adjusted net income and earnings per share. We intend to continue moving forward along this proven path to drive long-term value creation for both customers and shareholders. With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Given the number of analysts who cover us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question so we can get to everyone. Thank you.
Unknown Speaker: Operator. Thank you, sir. And we will take our first question from Michael Carrier with Bank of America, Merrill Lynch.
Sameer Murukutla - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys. This is actually Sameer Murukutla on for Mike Carrier. So just a quick question on the expenses. I know you maintained operating expense guidance, which would lead to a meaningful increase in the back half of the year. Is this all going to be related to marketing comp? Or are there any other line items that we can expect to see the increase?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Hi, Sameer, this is John. As you know, we guided to (12:13) for the year, excluding license fees, and that's at a level below our 2014 spend. As you know, most of our expense lines don't move very much. The two lines I would expect to increase in the back half of the year are professional fees and marketing. Our professional fees fluctuate with timing around projects and project spending, and they were light in the first half, running about 17% below last year. And I don't expect that to continue. And marketing, as you know, is back-end loaded with our customer-facing events in the fourth quarter. We are continuing to manage our cost very carefully and, as you indicated, we are not changing our guidance at this time and we're going to strive to do better than it.
Sameer Murukutla - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Perfect. Thanks.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And we will go next to Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Yeah, good morning. I guess, first, good to hear you, Terry, and I hope you're the same kick butt guy there feeling well.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Anyway, my question is, I guess, a little bit more detailed. But on the other revenue, you called it out, John, in the release talking about how some was in the investment income line. I guess my question is, when you talked to us last quarter about $6 million to $7 million incremental non-operating income from the Fed increase and the Fed deposit program, did that include the $2.5 million to $3 million or $2.5 million to $3 million now on top of it, that $6 million to $7 million? And also, how it applies to the June increase, I guess?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sure, and thanks, Rich. Yes, the other revenue line was down about $4.6 million, and there's a number of small miscellaneous items that flow through that line. We had, in the first quarter, had some work that we were doing on the clearing side and services side that we had in revenue and there's some adjustments related to that again in the second quarter. But the key thing is that our interest earning facility fees, which historically have been in the $2.5 million to $3 million range and booked in other revenue, is now down in the other income and expense line because folks have been shifting to the  we have shifted to the Fed accounts. So it's down $2.5 million to $3 million in other revenue, but more importantly, it's better for our customers to have access to the Fed. And that's down on the other income line, which now is running about $21 million, up from about $12 million last quarter. In fact, when you look at the other income and expense portion of our income statement, for the first half of the year it's around $44 million and in 2014 for the first half of the year it was zero. So we've been very pleased to be able to offer this to our customers. It's been very good for our customers and good for CME Group.
Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: But, I guess, the question was, is that $2.5 million to $3 million is moving down, is that incremental to the $6 million to $7 million guidance that you said for the second quarter  and going forward, you said it would be $5 million for the next Fed increase.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yes, yes, thank you, Rich. Yes, it was a $9 million increase from $12 million in other income and expense to $21 million, right? So, it was an increase of $9 million. I would expect going into next quarter an additional $4 million on top of the $21 million, because we'll have a full-year impact of the Fed increase that was done in June. Full quarter impact, I should say.
Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Rich.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah, hey, good morning. More bigger picture, I guess. There's obviously been a lot of discussion and articles recently around what both the U.S. and Europe is proposing around alternatives to LIBOR. I think you may have talked about this a little bit before, but, given that there is some real timelines now, you're involved with some of that process, maybe you can just give us your bigger picture thoughts, what are the opportunities, what the risks, how you see it today playing out? Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Alex, we're going to turn that over to Sean Tully who is on the committees for this, so, he'll walk you through where we are at today. So, Sean?
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, so, thanks for the question. A very good question. CME Group has been very, very closely involved with the marketplace for the customers and with the regulators and with the oversight bodies. Just to note, CME Group is a member of the LIBOR oversight committee over at ICE. CME Group also is a member of the alternative reference rate committee that actually recently voted and determined that a broad Treasury repo rate would be the best alternative reference rate. In addition to that, Kim Taylor is on the board of directors of ISDA, and CME Group has been working closely with the benchmark fallback working groups at ISDA in order to make sure that we are part of that process and make sure that we are fully in line with the rest of the industry. We actually announced last week, on Wednesday of last week, we had a press release that we are going to be very closely engaged with our customer base in the entire marketplace over the coming weeks and months in order to design and launch the new futures contracts as well as the new interest rate swaps that would be driven by the new alternative reference rate. We'll be having a webinar on October 4 and we plan to launch futures on the new rates as soon as they are available. This should allow us to provide for the marketplace the natural home for these new products. The CME Group, as you know, we've got the largest U.S. dollar interest rate futures complex in the world, across our Fed Funds, Eurodollars and Treasuries. That home offers enormous benefits for the new index in terms of the margin offsets, the guaranteed fund offsets, and the efficiencies they can have from a capital basis. In addition to that, we planned, as soon as the rates are available from the Federal Reserve and the Office of Financial Research, we plan on launching the new products. And, in terms of execution, we will also offer inter-commodity spreads with our existing futures. So we see CME Group as the natural home for the new index. We see the opportunity for basis trading of that new index against the rest of our complex, and we see CME Group as the most efficient home for it.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: All right. Very good. I might follow-up later. Thanks.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Kyle.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Just I guess one more follow-up on the net investment income and the increases going forward. I think you pass along about 80% of the benefit to your clients, at least in the customer segregated funds. Is that a good way to think about the pass-through rate on all future U.S. hikes? And maybe you could just describe kind of the competitive dynamics or just the  more just the discussions with your clients around what the benefit that CME sees versus the clients.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Sunil?
Sunil Cutinho - CME Group, Inc.: You know, the way we think about this is, as far as our futures and options complex is concerned, we pass through around 100 basis points and we keep a little bit to cover our costs of the credit facility. So we still maintain our credit facility for the clearinghouses at 364-day facility that we renew every year, and it is meant to cover our liquidity needs in the event of a default. So in order to cover those expenses, we keep a little bit. So as we go forward, we will keep a little bit of the earnings to cover our costs and pass through the rest for our clients.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. But, I guess, is that 80% rate in terms of the pass-through rate, is that a good way to think about the next few Fed hikes?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: You know, I think what we'll do, Kyle, is -- we haven't announced exactly what we're going to do going forward in terms of what we'll pass through. A way to think about it is these customers have alternative locations as to where to invest their money. And so, we want to balance the amount that we return with their alternative choices in terms of investments. So, really what we want to do is to make sure that we offer them an alternative in terms of a risk-free Fed position that is good for them and also, we would then earn on that as well. So, it's really  it's a function of, as Sunil indicated, covering costs, it's also a function of alternatives that our customers have in terms of where they can invest their funds.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Kyle.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Dan.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Just a follow-up on the market data. Just wondering if you could kind of update us on what you guys have done, whether it's hiring or some of the investments you're making to kind of make the 2018 opportunity a reality? Or kind of put some -- maybe think about the numbers or the growth for that going forward and what you've kind of done year-to-date to prepare for that.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Bryan?
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: We're continuing to execute on our strategy to drive revenue through improved execution in our core market data business and updating our programs and policies accordingly. We've made really good progress in the resourcing of the team focusing primarily on a newer revenue stream for us, as I have alluded to in the past, which is derived data. What we are finding is not only have we made good progress in the development of this business, but it definitely represents an important revenue stream to us and our team is well on its way in responding to and executing on the growing demand for our data IP. We've also instituted a strategy team, and this team is responsible for expanding our product offerings, and this is largely being driven by business intelligence efforts that are underway today so that we can have a better insight as to the consumers of our data and how that has changed. Data is not being utilized just strictly as we would think for trading terminal usage. It's being utilized for analytics, development of other products, and we're in the process of ensuring that the products and services that we offer are best positioned to commercialize those opportunities. We've also instituted our audit program to ensure that our consumers are actually consuming the data in accordance with their licensing arrangements with us and that we are receiving the appropriate fees. So, we're pleased with the progress we are making in that regard
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. I wanted to follow up on LIBOR and eurodollars. So, where might the risk be to CME kind of being able to successfully develop a new contract? It seems like you're by far the best positioned, given your existing presence, but where might a savvy ICE or Deutsche Boerse be a possible threat? And then with that in mind, how might the pricing of the new product look? I don't know in the past, but like when you launch new products, do they tend to be priced lower or do they get a premium price because they are new and unique? Great. Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Okay, Sean.
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Yes, Sean chiming in again. So, I would presume that other platforms will launch alternative reference rate contracts. We will also launch alternative reference rate contracts. We will, as always, be very, very close to our customers in terms of designing the contracts. If you look at our Ultra 10, for example, we were very close to the marketplace in designing that new contract, and I'm happy to say just 18 months in that contract has traded over 30 million contracts, over 400,000 open interest. And, at the same time, we continue to grow the open interest of our entire treasury platform. In fact, since we launched the Ultra 10, the total open interest in our treasury, futures and options has increased by 2.73 million contracts. So we work very closely with the marketplace. In addition to that, we have enormous offsets against our existing futures and options. So, I don't think that another platform can offer the efficiencies. If you look at the Russell 2000, the reason the Russell 2000 is back at CME Group is because of the massive offsets that we offer against both the NASDAQ and the S&P futures. The Russell launch going very well so far. Actually, last week. In third week in, we're already trading 12% of our competitor's volumes. So we're very pleased with the results there. So, again, kind of in summary, I would assume that other platforms would offer the rate; however, we have the most efficient home in terms of the offsets against our existing products. And I'm talking there about the capital and the margins. Without question, I would expect we will have very high offsets, in particular, against our Fed Funds futures. It's an overnight index will be the index that's chosen again. It's an overnight broad treasury repo index. Very closely correlated with our Fed Fund futures. If you look at our Fed Fund futures at CME Group, they're up 71% this year in terms of the average daily volume. We had a record volume day recently of over 900,000 contracts. Putting that in perspective, that 900,000 contract day, that's a $5 million contract. We did over $4 trillion in Fed Funds futures on that day. The Fed Funds futures very highly correlated with the new index. So, we expect to be the natural home. We do expect competition. Competition is good, but we will be extremely closely engaged with our customers and we're quite sure that we'll have the right product.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And just on pricing, how does that look? New products price premium or price discount?
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: In terms of the pricing, I'm not going to comment on the pricing yet. I'm going to be designing the product, closely engaged with the marketplace and making sure that CME Group has the single most efficient, lowest total cost offering available anywhere in the market.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys, good morning. Just a quick follow-up.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Alex.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Just a quick follow-up around the Fed window. I think last quarter you guys gave us balances, and wanted to circle back on that. I think it was $34.5 billion, which was sitting with the Fed in customer balances last quarter. Possible to get an update on what it was averaging kind of over the course of 2Q, and if there's anything sort of left to move over into the window or from here, this is going to be largely a function of the effective Fed Funds rate?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sure, I'll give you the two points, and I'll turn it over to Sunil on what he's seeing in terms of kind of the averages. But, at the end of the first quarter, the total amount at the Fed was $34.7 billion. The end of the second quarter, it was $38.6 billion. Broken into three components in the second quarter, roughly $5 billion in OTC, about $4.6 billion in house, and $29.1 billion in customer funds were at the Fed. Sunil?
Sunil Cutinho - CME Group, Inc.: In terms of average for the quarter, I think the amounts were around $35.8 billion. What John referred to as end of the quarter. As far as the forward looking, we don't see broad fluctuations, but it is all the decision of the customers and it is driven by their activity and other alternatives they have at their disposal for cash.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, if you take a look through the month of July, it's been roughly between $37 billion and $38 billion. As Sunil indicated, it's a function of trading activity and how much margin needs to be put up at the clearinghouse. It's also a function of where they can get better returns, and right now the Fed is offering the best returns for our customers.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yep. Great. Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning, folks.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Could you maybe comment on your views on what some of the impact from some of the FASB hedging rule changes might be? If you can talk about early conversations with your customers and the potential and sort of timing of the increased MBS hedging. And also, you know, the ability to hedge commodities more precisely. What kind of impact do you think that could have on your volumes, maybe as early as the back half of this year? And then moving into 2018, do you think that could actually have a bigger impact than the Fed balance sheet wind-down overall in your complex over the next couple of years?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, thanks, Brian. I'll comment on the hedging and turn it over to some of the guys here who can comment on the customer impacts. But, basically, the current hedge accounting rules, it's just fairly technical, but the current hedge accounting rules are very prescriptive and onerous. So, the new rules aimed to reduce that complexity and allow for more hedging and risk management strategies to qualify for hedge accounting. So, this flexibility should potentially make our products more attractive for those that want to use hedge accounting. So, we would expect that the rules would go into effect going into 2019 and the rules, from what we understand will be coming out in the back half of this year. Derek want to comment on kind of on the customer impact on the commodities in particular?
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, I think there's an opportunity here potentially to work with our dealer partners in terms of allowing the use of standardized futures and options to be included in the packages of the bespoke hedges that were typically only part of OTC solutions for very, very bespoke reasons. As John referenced, the hedge effectiveness test under the FASB rules disallowed a lot of hedges that were standardized because of the basis risk. So it does give us an opportunity to partner with our dealer customers and enable them to use our products to actually service their customer needs. As you remember, there was a shift in the banking model from principal to agency. So dealers are actually increasingly facilitating access to futures and options markets of products that we offer. So, being able to partner with our banks and marketing to their customers, CME Group products and solutions, given the benchmark liquidity that we have, is exciting for us as an opportunity. This will take years to play out, but to the extent that it really opens opportunities to probably the big corporate customers out there, we're excited, but it's a longer-term play.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sean, you want to add more?
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Sure. In terms of the rates of foreign exchange and equities complex. In particular, I talked about rates. Greenwich Associates published a study now a few years ago, where they looked at the total costs, total cost analysis of implementing risk hedging in CME's interest rate futures. They looked at, in particular, the Eurodollars and Treasuries relative to the OTC swap market, and they found across the board CME's future products are always the lower-cost way to implement any hedging strategies. So, that's allowed us to do an enormous amount of futurization, in particular, relative to the requirements to clear. If you look, just as a reminder, in 2012 CME's treasury futures, for example, traded 55%, approximately, of the cash government bond market volumes. Now, today, actually I'm happy to say that we are now at new record levels at almost 85% of the cash government bond market. That's on the back of, again, our futures complex being the best, lowest cost, total cost alternative relative to the OTC marketplace. So a lot of folks, as Derek mentioned, corporates, in particular, who have been constrained by these accounting rules and have been forced, in some sense, to use the OTC market will now be able to use our entire interest rates complex much more easily for their hedging purposes. So, we do expect a continued increase and we will be working closely with participants in order to facilitate that.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And just on the timing of that, I know you can adopt it, I think, much earlier than 2019. Are you having, in your conversations with customers and clients or, is there a sense that they'll do that and you will have more immediate benefit from that or is this much more of a longer term than that?
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: You know, I think that's uncertain. I'm not going to give any predictions around that, but we're working closely with participants in regards to it.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, I think -- there is an option to early adopt the requirements ahead of the requirements. I think for us, it is going to take some time for corporates to adopt it, to learn about our products, and as the team said here, they're working very closely with their clients and obviously this will be nonmember activity for us.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right. And if you had to frame this versus the Fed balance sheet reduction in terms of magnitude, which would you say is the better opportunity for you?
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, I'm not going to compare the two. I mean, both highly uncertain. I mean, in terms of balance sheet issue, as long as you brought it up, right? We know the current Fed balance sheet around $4.5 trillion. And the marketplace believes that starting September likely -- I mean who knows when it's going to happen, but likely September the Fed will begin to reduce the size of its balance sheet. The Fed, as a reminder to folks, has been buying about $600 billion a year worth of securities. They are price insensitive. And once they start to reduce the size of their balance sheet, those securities will have to be bought by price-sensitive participants which use our futures in order to hedge their positions. So we're looking forward to that opportunity. In fact, actually, if you look at that, in the month of July, our treasury options ADV was up 53% year-over-year, we think in reflection of the greater interest in the Fed balance sheet activity.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. That's great color. Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Vincent Hung with Autonomous.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP: Hi. So, you're showing continued progress in growing volumes from Europe and Asia. Can you just talk about the types of uses driving the growth this quarter?
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: Sure. This is Bryan. We're particularly pleased to see the growth in liquidity that's happening during the regional hours. As we alluded to earlier, this is definitely drawing more and more participation from the broader segments within those zones. When we talked a bit earlier about the growth in energy in interest rates that we've seen throughout Europe, that growth is being driven by a variety of sectors. We're seeing nice growth from hedge funds, asset managers, in particular, as well as some of our corporate clients. So that's a very good trend from that perspective. On the Asia Pacific side of things, again, the growth trajectory is being driven largely from our hedge fund community and our asset managers. Another area that we are pleased to see is a pickup in the activity that we're seeing from the banking sector. So I think the efforts that we've undertaken to make sure that that activity is really building up during their regional hours, for example, 33% up in Q2 in Asia, representing -- I mean, in Europe, representing 1.4 million contracts, that's a substantial growth trajectory that is driving that local demand and that interest. Same thing in Asia, we're up 22% representing about 434,000 contracts out of around 650,000 in total.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP: Thanks.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you, Vincent.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Ben Herbert with Citi.
Ben Herbert - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Ben.
Ben Herbert - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Could you just provide maybe some more color around the CapEx guide and then what we might look for in 2018 or 2019?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sure, this is John. Our CapEx expenditures are on track for same -- about the same amount of spending that we had done in last year, and over the last several years, you've seen our capital expenditures go down for two primary reasons. One is we've reduced the amount of our real estate footprint in terms of buildings and the like. So that's reduced our capital expenditures. Also, we now had sold our data center and our leasing netbacks. So that's reduced our capital expenditures relative to our data center, and it also took us out of those investment cycles that we need to do with fixed real estate. Also, with the ability the lease has given us, it has given us the ability to flex in terms of our real estate footprint. Then on the technology side, really, we've done a couple of things. The technology team has done a great job in terms of moving more to software-as-a-service, which no longer is a capitalized expenditure, rather it flows through our expenses. And the way we've designed the systems, we're constantly upgrading our systems. And so, as you can see like on large days like Brexit or the U.S. elections, we are able to handle these large days, and it's because our technology team has done a great job in terms of keeping our systems up and providing that kind of capacity and that kind of speed. So, again, it's the reducing of our fixed real estate footprint, it's utilizing new technology, and it's constantly upgrading our systems. So, we've been in this $90 million to $100 million range over the last couple of years and we would expect -- I would expect to do something similar in the future.
Ben Herbert - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you, Ben.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Chris M. Harris - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Hi, guys.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Hi, Chris.
Chris M. Harris - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: On the data revenues, they're coming in right where you guys had said. So, it's not really surprising as it relates to that. But, I guess what is a little surprising is to see them down so much on a year-over-year basis. You guys have good volume growth. You're presumably attracting a lot more customers internationally. Can you guys talk a little bit qualitatively as to what's driving the decline in data? And I know we're a little bit more optimistic for 2018, but just some thoughts around this year. Thanks.
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: So, as I represented earlier, we're really actively engaging in our business intelligence efforts to have a deeper understanding of how that data is being consumed, and we're looking at this a bit differently in the context of data terminals for real-time versus other reasons for how that data is being consumed. As we gather more of that information, I feel that it's going to help us better position our value and our commercial proposition as we continue to grow that business. In essence, the data is being utilized and consumed in a broader array of purposes than what you would traditionally think of as terminals.
Operator: Mr. Harris, does that answer your question, sir?
Chris M. Harris - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: It does, yeah, thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: All right, thanks, Chris.
Operator: And we will take a follow-up question from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Oh, yeah, hey. Hello again. Just, I think one topic real quick that we haven't discussed. Since the U.S. election, I think there was a lot of excitement about financial services regulation, may be easing a little bit. I think, Terry, this is primarily for you. I think we've heard some things like the Treasury has put stuff out, obviously, the CFDC has their project . (42:48) The President has an executive order, but obviously nothing tangible yet. So, Terry, I assume you are involved to some degree in some of these discussions. So, anything you can add that we may not be seeing around things like SLR, Volcker that you are focused on and maybe any sort of timing updates.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: You know, I think, like everybody else, the timing is very difficult to predict, especially with the administration right now. As far as the agencies go, they seem very engaged to get things done on the regulatory front. So, when you looked at the Treasury Secretary's comments that he put out just recently, especially on supplemental leverage ratio, we thought that was very beneficial for the clients that use our products to take that away from the supplemental leverage ratio. The Volcker rule, I've testified on that multiple times, and have spoken to people in the administration recently how that rule was a flawed rule from the beginning, only because it excluded certain products when it never should have. So I think that rule definitely will be revisited. The question is on timing. But, as I said before, when this President got elected, I think we had deregulation just by no more new regulations coming forward. So that in and of itself was deregulation. Right now, I'm looking at tax policies that the administration is going to push hard for between now and the end of the year. That could be a great benefit for a lot of the corporations, especially since we got our taxes raised here in Illinois. So, that's one of the things that I'm following closely right now. But some of the other rules, especially on Volcker, supplemental leverage ratio, I do think those will also get done. But, outside of that, it's kind of a jump ball right now. We need to get a full complement of commissioners at the regulator. We're sitting there with two and he's an acting Chairman. Obviously, he's been nominated to be Chairman, but we still need to get him confirmed in that position and hopefully he can work with other agencies that will create benefits for our business. But I think it's pure speculation right now, Alex, about what's going to happen and the timing thereof, just because of the players. So, what I'm focused on, also, is not only the U.S., but watching what's going on throughout Europe to make sure that business doesn't get impacted and I'm very confident that we're doing all the right things there.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Very helpful, thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: And we will take a follow-up question from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my follow-up. Just on the expenses, if we are in a weaker  obviously, we're starting the summer off with a weaker volume backdrop, but we would expect that to increase as we get later into the fall. But in the event that we do have a sort of a tepid volume backdrop in the second half, what's the kind of flexibility to say keep expenses flat or certainly reduce that 1% increased guidance? And then maybe just sort of a view on 2018. I know you're going to do your budget later in the year for 2018 expenses, but if you can just sort of give us a flavor on what you view as sort of normalized expense growth for 2018, inclusive of the -- I think you're saving the $10 million plus on the Euro Clearing closure. Thanks.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yes, thank you, Brian. We're constantly looking at our expenses and managing them as efficiently as we possibly can. When you take a look at July, yes, we've had a tougher volatility backdrop, although we've got a good mix in terms of products going into in the month of July. So we feel that that will be positive from a revenue perspective because, obviously, the commodity products are a higher-priced product for us. In terms of managing our expenses, obviously, license fees is an area where we'll see it come down a little bit due to lower volumes. Also, from a bonus perspective, that would be impacted as well if we have a long protracted low volume scenario. But I think we'll also be focused on a lot of the kind of adjustable expenses or discretionary expenses, as any company would when they are in a challenging environment. So things like travel and marketing and the like. It's a little too early for guidance for 2018. I think kind of a longer run guidance, excluding license fees, would be in kind of the low-single-digit area in terms of expense growth.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And then the Euro Clearing helps that  the closure if that helps that a little bit for 2018, is it correct?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yes. Yeah. The closure of our European operations will be a 2018 primarily impact.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. And can I ask another follow-up question or should I get back in the queue?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Go ahead.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Go ahead, Brian.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, so, just one more on the LIBOR benchmark change. If you think about the timing of that switch, obviously, you've got hundreds of trillion of dollars that are linked to the LIBOR benchmarks in both securities and loans. It's not expected to be shut down until 2021. How do you see the customer shift happening over sort of -- is it a multi-year development mostly? Or do you think it will be sort of front-end loaded or back-end loaded? And then, I guess, just the difficulty of changing the securities and loans to different benchmarks, if you think that's going to cause any friction.
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, this is Sean chiming in. The transition, I think will take a number of years. To be very clear in terms of Andrew Bailey last week at the FCA, the Chairman of the FCA, he indicated that  that the banks have indicated that they are going to be very happy and willing to submit to the LIBOR process through the end of 2021. So that's at least four-and-a-half years. That also, at that time, the banks may decide to continue to submit. So there is no end date whatsoever. But, we do know that LIBOR will be very healthy and robust for at least four-and-a-half years. And, again, we're working very closely with the marketplace. In particular, we are working very closely with ISDA on potential fallback. One thing I will also mention, maybe, Eurodollar futures many years ago were actually not determined by LIBOR, but instead, CME Group itself determined its own benchmark rate, that derived or drove the settlements of the Eurodollar futures. So, there are many potential outcomes, but we, again, we believe we're the national home relative to the margin and capital benefits, the ability to have inter-commodity spreads looks extremely efficient, spread trading between all existing LIBOR products and the new indices. And we're engaged with every aspect of the community, again, including the regulators, right through the alternative reference rate committee, ISDA, through the benchmark fallback working group, as well as on the board of directors, and the ICE LIBOR oversight committee. So, we're very close to the situation and we will be launching new products on the new index.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And do you think that might be more -- I mean, maybe it's tough to predict, but more sort of front-end loaded in terms of the transition or more people will wait sort of more like the last minute?
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: I'm really not going to predict that. What I know is that we will be very closely working with the community and we will be the best home for everyone, to the extent that folks decide to use the new index.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Fair enough. Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks Brian.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: And we will take another follow-up question with Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hi, thanks for taking my follow-up. Just another one on the back-half of the year, just as a quick question on the annual variable. I know you previously stated that the closure of the European operations, or the clearing house, would free up, I think, about $150 million in capital, which you will repatriate either at year-end or early 2018. Just wondering now that we are a bit closer, do you think it is going to come back in time to be included in the annual variable that will be paid out early next year, or is that going to be in a future annual variable? Thanks.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: You know, thanks, Kyle. The progress we're making in terms of the closure of our operations, the CME Clearing Europe and CME Europe, is moving along as scheduled. It's a little early to know whether or not the funds will get back in time for the annual variable dividend. Plus, it's a board decision with regard to how much that we will be issuing in terms of the dividend, but it's something we definitely will be taking into consideration as we get closer to the end of the year, and we usually determine that in kind of the November timeframe.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Kyle.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: We want to thank you all for participating. We appreciate your interest and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a good day. Thank you all.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. I would like to thank everyone for their participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John C. Peschier - CME Group, Inc. Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc. John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc. Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc. Sunil Cutinho - CME Group, Inc. Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc. Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.
Analysts: Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Daniel T. Fannon - Jefferies LLC Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael Roger Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris Allen - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC Warren Gardiner - Evercore Group LLC Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the CME Group First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to John Peschier. Please go ahead.
John C. Peschier - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Terry and John will make some initial remarks and then we will open up the call for your questions. Other members of our team will also participate during the Q&A. Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and on the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Also on the last page of the earnings release, you will find a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, John. And thank you all for joining us this morning. I'm going to make some initial comments and then I'll turn it over to John, who will share the financial highlights. Our overall volumes remained high during the first quarter, even though there were pockets of low volatility in equity and energy markets. We delivered record average daily volume of more than 17 million contracts. This includes all-time highs in interest rates and metals average daily volume. Activity from outside the United States remained strong. The volume averaged more than 3.5 million contracts per day. Within fixed income, we had broad-based strength across Eurodollars, Treasuries and Fed fund futures during Q1. This has been driven by recent outsized growth from our buy-side customers. We continue to see strong performance in our Treasury futures relative to the cash treasuries market. Our metals portfolio, which was our fastest-growing asset class in the first quarter, delivered outstanding activity with more than 510,000 contracts traded per day, driven by growth in both precious and base metals. Our performance in copper was particularly impressive with 23% growth to almost 95,000 contracts per day during the quarter, even more impressive considering that our primary competitor in copper saw their business decline 8% in that same timeframe. We continued to gain traction with our options business. Here, we have taken an enterprise-wide approach by enhancing our technology, better equipping our sales force to engage with clients, and launching some innovative new products. Last year, we generated a combined $552 million of transaction revenue in options. This makes us the world's largest options exchange by that measure. During Q1, we reached a record average daily volume in both interest rate and equity options. In March, our Eurodollar options average daily volume grew 73% to 1.7 million contracts per day. Of that, 29% was electronic, the highest monthly percentage yet, and the April electronic percentage to-date is even higher. And in natural gas options, we grew our daily volumes 20% during the quarter, 40% of which traded electronically, helping us to achieve a market share of 70% in March. New products and product extensions continued to perform well. Our Ultra 10-Year Treasury futures and options exceeded 100,000 contracts per day in Q1. This was nearly triple the activity from a year ago. We launched monthly FX futures recently and have had some early success there. In metals, we saw record volumes and open interest in our suite of aluminum premium products, which we launched last year, confirming global demand for these innovative risk management tools. In equities, we have seen some traction in our S&P Select Sector futures. In early April, we launched weekly E-mini S&P 500 Monday options. On the first exploration, we traded over 53,000 contracts during that day alone. Additionally, the E-mini S&P Wednesday weekly options we launched in September 2016 have achieved 51, 000 contracts per day in 2017 so far. Combined, the Monday and Wednesday's are recently producing more than 10% of our total equity options trading. We think these short data products are very appealing and valuable to customers, especially given the geopolitical concerns and an uncertainty around European elections. I mentioned last quarter that we are heavily focused on expanding our customer base by focusing on end user customers. Our main objective is to identify potential clients that may be using less efficient products and convert them to CME Group offerings. We are making progress. For example, we have record open interest, our large open interest holders in three key areas. One is in our interest rate business where we achieved an open interest record of over 74 million contracts including records in Eurodollar futures, Treasury futures, fed fund futures, driven in large part by asset manager. The other is in our energy futures business where we achieved new record levels of open interest during Q1 in our WTI, gasoline and heating oil futures. Additionally, we hit an approximate four-year high in natural gas futures open interest and grew our ADV by 24%, while our competition shrunk 3%, allowing us to increase our year-to-date market share to 78% versus 75% in March of 2016. While our trading in FX was down during the quarter, we significantly outperformed the two primary competitive venues, and we are pleased to reach a record level of large open interest holders toward the end of February. More important, we saw banks reappear as our fastest-growing segment during the quarter in FX. The other thing we are focused on is operational efficiency. We continue to ensure that we are allocating our time and resources in the best way possible. A few weeks ago, we announced that we will be closing our European exchange and clearinghouse by year-end. Our customers have clearly shown that they prefer to use our U.S. infrastructure to access our global products, deep liquidity and capital efficiency. We will maintain a significant operation based in London. However, it will be focused on direct sales of our core products. While there are several positive trends in our business, one area I wanted to briefly touch on is market data. We outlined an ambitious plan last quarter to supplement our traditional real-time data business with several new data offerings. We referenced increasing the data sales team focused on derived data, offering a new cloud-based data platform along with building out an audit function rather than outsourcing it. We are currently augmenting our organization to capture these opportunities. Frankly, we underestimated the complexity of resourcing our team, which will not allow us to achieve the guidance we previously outlined. Therefore, we do not expect these initiatives to drive any incremental data revenue for this year. Lastly, our April trading volume has remained strong during what is usually a slower time of the year. Volume is averaging approximately 16 million contracts per day, and we are seeing 20% growth month to date. We intend to build on our strong momentum by providing outstanding value to our customers. In closing, I'd like to thank our employees for all of their hard work this quarter. With that, let me hand it over to John.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you, Terry, and good morning, everyone. We are very pleased to start off the year with a strong quarter. Our team continues to be intensely focused on driving global revenue growth, operating our business as efficiently as possible and returning excess capital to our shareholders. We had an exceptional quarter, as we did in the first quarter of last year. As Terry mentioned, we had the highest quarterly ADV in our history, and we also had record net income and earnings per share on an adjusted basis. Our overall rate per contract for the first quarter was $0.731, the same level we had the prior quarter despite an almost 3% product mix shift toward our lower priced interest rate products. Market data came in at $97 million, down from Q4, as several larger customers consolidated trading operations and their terminal usage. Moving to expenses, excluding license fees and adjustments, our first quarter total expense was approximately $267 million, in line with our original guidance. Earlier this month, we announced our intention to wind down a portion of our European operations by year-end. We expect the annual savings to be between $10 million and $12 million, which will primarily impact 2018, as it will take us some time to fully complete the process. Eventually, we also expect to free up over $150 million in capital related to these entities. Additionally, because of the transfer of the Russell products in July, as well as aggregate changes in our licenses, we would expect our license fees in the second half of this year to increase 10% to 15% versus the same period last year, assuming similar trading patterns. Our adjusted compensation expense increased by 4%, primarily driven by normal cost of living increases, as well as hiring additional technology staff in India and Belfast, which over time we expect will reduce higher cost professional fees. Our compensation ratio in Q1 was 14.7%, about the same level as we had for the full year of 2016. Looking at the non-operating income and expense line for the first quarter, our ownership in the S&P Dow Jones Indices joint venture primarily drove the $31 million in net earnings from unconsolidated subsidiaries. This was the highest quarter we have seen and up 15% from Q1 last year. The compound annual growth rate on this contribution has been 13% since 2013. Our returns from investing cash on behalf of our customers increased sequentially to $12.2 million from $8.4 million in Q4. Considering current cash positions, we expect the investment returns to increase again in Q2, as we will have the first full quarter impact of CME Clearing's approval to hold customer cash performance bond deposits in a Federal Reserve Bank account. The tax rate in the first quarter was an adjusted 35.5%. We expect the rate to be higher in the second quarter, and we expect an effective rate of 36.3% for the full year. And now to the balance sheet. At the end of the first quarter, we had approximately $1.37 billion in cash and marketable securities, which includes $240 million of cash from our final BM&FBOVESPA stock sale in January. It's worth noting we also returned $1.1 billion in January through our annual variable dividend and approximately $220 million in March through our regular quarterly dividend. Finally, during the first quarter, capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances were $15.5 million. In summary it's been a great start to the year. We reached a peak level of volume, adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share. We intend to remain very focused on efficiency, coupled with enhancing the value proposition of using our markets to attract new customers. With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you sir. We'll take our first question from Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Yeah. Good morning, Terry. Good morning, John.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Rich.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Rich.
Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: I guess the question is on the market data, Terry, because just trying to  so are you saying it was the guidance 5% to 6% up and is the new guidance more flat for 2017? And could you give us a little bit more detail about the resourcing that you talk about that you need to augment?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, I think, Rich, I'm going to let John discuss that a little bit and then I'm going to have Bryan walk through some of the resources that I outlined in my opening remarks. And I think you'll get a little bit more color on that, so hopefully we can answer your question. If not, go ahead and follow up with it.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Rich. This is John. Yeah, as we indicated in the prepared remarks, the opportunity associated with some of the items we outlined in the fourth quarter call are being pushed out into 2018 from 2017. I would say that the market data for this year is going to be range-bound, and we'll be able to provide some more color as we get closer to launching the opportunity in 2018.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: So, Bryan, why don't you give a little color on the folks that were looking to step up on.
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Terry. Quite frankly, Rich, we underestimated the level of time it would take us to get the staffing in place, particularly to help us with the opportunities associated with derived data. I think you've heard us speak quite a bit about where we see those opportunities and we have much in our pipeline that we're getting through right now, but it is very labor intensive and a very specialized source of talent that we're looking for to help us navigate through and capture those opportunities. Same thing with the audits. We are working right now aggressively on augmenting our capabilities with some  bringing in some outsourcing staff to help us as we ramp up our staffing for the auditing function. And then I'd say lastly in terms of the development of our business intelligence efforts which will allow us to capture some of the other opportunities that I've outlined in the past, the highly specialized skills that we're looking for right now and quite frankly we were very aggressive in terms of what we thought our ability was going to be to get that staffing in place.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: And let me just add a little bit to what Bryan said, Rich. We first came out with historical and derived data and new opportunities to capture revenue. I think frankly we might have even underestimated the value of some of this market data. And I think in order for us to roll this out properly to the benefit not only of our shareholders, but the users who want to have this, we need to make sure we price it adequately, properly and distribute it adequately and properly through the direct channels and give Bryan the resources with his team to move it forward. So to me I know it can look like somewhat of a negative on the guidance, but overall we are very committed to the strategy and we're looking forward to delivering on this.
Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Understood. And then one quick follow-up. John, you said that the interest would likely increase from the  I believe it's the Fed deposit program in 2Q. Can you give us a little bit of feel on how much that might be?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah. Sure. I think we're really pleased with being able to offer this opportunity to our customers. If you recall, the access to the Fed account for customers was kind of middle of March is when it became available. So if you look at the next quarter assuming that the same balance mix and the same level of balances as the end of Q2, which we've seen remain steady through April 24 of this month, so we should have at around 6 million to 7 million additional dollars in Q2 assuming those balances and mix remain constant.
Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks. Thanks, Rich. Appreciate it.
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel T. Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Dan.
Daniel T. Fannon - Jefferies LLC: I guess my question is a little bit more broader on market data. You guys have raised prices last year and implemented pricing or cost on things you're giving away for free. Now you're looking to roll out enhanced components of the data. I guess generally, how are your customers feeling about paying more for these services and the longer term opportunity you think in market data as a revenue, are you still as bullish about it or think it can be a growth area for you on a longer term basis?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Let me start a little bit. Then I might turn it over to Bryan, Dan. It's Terry. Yes, we are bullish on market data. You got to realize we are coming off of a zero basis. We gave this away for many years to attract liquidity, which was critically important to the future of this company. So then we are still a low-cost provider as it relates to our competitors as it relates to market data. So with our new offerings, this is not just the core business of trying to charge them more for our core offerings. This is new derived  new offerings in data. And as I said earlier in my comments, I think it's important for us to understand what that true value of that data is by putting the analytics team in place, the sales team in place globally. So we can distribute that and capture the revenue that's appropriate. So we're not willy-nilly changing the pricing on historical and derived data constantly. So I think this is a process that, as I said in my comments, we may have underestimated a little bit how it's going to take to roll it out, but I do think I would say we were still very bullish on it. I'll let Bryan comment more.
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: And to add onto Terry, we're taking a longer term focus on this. Bear in mind, we have the broadest array of asset classes, six asset classes that we represent and, I would argue, the largest customer base, and so we're taking a very holistic global picture and making sure that that resourcing and capturing those opportunities across the globe that we're best positioned. It's taking us a little longer to get there.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Answer your question, Dan?
Daniel T. Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Yeah. Thanks very much. Thanks, all.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: We'll go next to Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. Hey, good morning.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Alex.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. Sorry to ask another question about market data, but I think you talked a lot about the outlook for kind of like the new stuff you're excited about, but can you just give us a little bit more color in terms of what happened in the first quarter? I think John gave a couple of items here, but if you just think about it holistically, right, your volumes are going up, people are more interested in your markets. They should be new people, new firms consuming your data. So why was that down quarter-over-quarter? And then related to this, I mean you gave a pretty bullish statement in February. You've been to a couple of industrial conferences and you saw a lot of us in Boca in mid-March. It seems like very surprising that that first quarter came in so light. So, what happened there? Why was there not more visibility that you could have communicated? Thanks.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks. Thanks, Alex. Yeah, our market data revenue for the quarter was $97 million. What did happen was there was several larger customers that were doing some internal efficiencies themselves and also consolidated their screens which caused the first quarter to come in lighter than we had anticipated going into the first quarter.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: And you didn't notice that until now. I mean I'm just surprised how long it took for you guys to realize that, sorry to harp on it.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: No, no, that's fine. I mean if you recall, the way this is done is we're about a month in arrears as we go through and they submit the counts to us. So we don't have clarity on that until part of the way through the quarter. So, that's fundamentally why it's something that's recorded in arrears.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: All right. Fair enough. Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you. Thanks, Alex.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: We'll go to Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks. Sorry to stay in the market data subject, but just in terms of the  I guess as we move through (21:06) I appreciate you mentioned range-bound. Did you view the consolidation of some of those screens from some of those customers that's sort of a one-time event or do you see the potential for that happening again during the year? And then maybe just talk about the transition process of moving to the new data platform. I appreciate it can take a while, but is there any kind of friction as you do that or do you feel that will be a seamless handoff?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: So, Brian, let me kick it over to Bryan for a second, then I'll make some comments when he's finished on the first part of your question. Bryan?
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: It's hard for us to estimate in terms of how firms might change some of their dynamics or usage, but in positioning ourselves for any changes in that direction, it's incumbent upon us to take the rich vibrant database that we have and develop the new products that we've outlined to you. I think it's fair to say that we represented those new initiatives relatively recently and we are staffing ourselves to be able to capture those opportunities. So it's not necessarily the same consumer of information or data that we're going after either. You have to separate the core from the derived and the historical. All of these represent different opportunities and consumers of that data.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: You know, Brian, let me just add to what Bryan said a little bit and talk about what do we see going down the road. One of the things we've said since we took this company public in 2002 and we've always said, it's like volumes. Volumes are very difficult to predict, right, because we're beholden to a whole host of different activities, geopolitical including that and policies associated around the world. So when you look at the growth of our business on the volume side, we're doing everything we can to create capital efficiencies, bringing new markets, new people that were not participants into our marketplace, which Alex referred to earlier in his comments, and go back to that. We're going to continue to address new clients, the big focus of mine and the management team to bring in new clients, and the longer we can continue to work hard to bring in new clients, that will then take care of the market data equation. So it's something I like to say, I can't control the price of the stock. What I can control is trying to help run the business as efficiently as possible, bring in new clients to create capital efficiencies (23:33) and I think that will have a major reflection across the entire portfolio of our businesses including market data.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And so we should view the market data as fairly core  the current market data stream is fairly core and then the initiatives that you're working as incremental to the core, because -
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Right. Yes. Yes, absolutely.
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: Yes, absolutely correct.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Excuse me. We'll go next to Michael Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Roger Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, guys. John, maybe just on the Fed account, just wanted to get a sense where maybe the imbalances are, dealers, clients and then what maybe the potential longer term opportunity and what kind of the puts and takes are, as users are trying to determine where to put their balances. And then just real quick on the European thing, it sounds like expenses that's more 2018, the cash that's there is that also most likely going to be 2018 or would that be a 2017 event? Thanks.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sure. Thanks. Thanks, Mike. Yeah, let's talk a little bit about the Fed account. As of quarter end, we had about $44.4 billion in performance bonds and guarantee funds on our balance sheet. Of that, $34.5 billion was at the Fed. $6.2 billion of the $34.5 billion were house accounts, and $28.3 billion was customer-related accounts at the Fed. As a reminder, the Fed itself  the customer cash came in about midway through March, so we didn't have a full quarter impact of having that available to our customers. What we have seen, unlike in past quarters, is that the amount that's being held at the Fed has remained constant and steady through the month of April, so that's why we're mentioning that, assuming that the mix and the level stay constant as of end of Q1, we should see an increase of $6 million to $7 million more in Q2. In terms of how customers will look at putting money at the Fed, I'll ask Sunil to comment on it. He is here as well and he is President of our Clearinghouse. The customers will do a calculation in terms of, number one, do they need the cash readily; number two, what the return is that they can get at the Fed versus other instruments they could hold in terms of collateral. So, Sunil?
Sunil Cutinho - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you, John. Just to add to what John is saying, we actually provide a very flexible collateral program to our clearing firms to actually post either cash or securities to meet their margin requirements. And, as John pointed out, one of the factors may be the return that they can get on their cash balances, but that is not the only factor.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: And then in terms of your question regarding the things that we're doing in Europe, the amount of capital that we're able to free up, which is around $150 million, we'll be able to free that up once those enterprises are wound down. And so that would be a late 2017, early 2018 point when we can get the cash back here to the States.
Michael Roger Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: All right. Thanks, Mike.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go to Chris Allen with Buckingham Research.
Chris Allen - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Chris.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Allen - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I just wanted to maybe touch a little bit on rate per contract. It was fairly resilient across most products in the quarter and a little bit surprising with the volume trends. I'm guessing it's maybe due to continued electronic adoption of options trading and continued penetration of customer bases. But any more granularity you can give us there would be helpful.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Sure, Chris. In terms of the RPC, yeah, it was pretty resilient at $0.731. The realized benefits of our pricing actions, plus lower volume discounts in equities and energy, were able to offset that mix shift  it was a 3 percentage point mix shift to our lower priced interest rate products. I'll turn it over to Sean, and he can talk too a little bit about the options.
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Sure. In terms of the innovation that we've done over the last few years, a lot of these new products that we've launched actually have a much higher RPC. For example, as Terry mentioned earlier, we're very focused on delivering the most capital margin and total cost-efficient products possible. So our invoice spreads, which take advantage of portfolio margining between CME cleared interest rate swaps and CME Treasury futures, for example. They traded $11 billion a day over 80,000 contracts in the first quarter, a record number, up 62% year over year, so huge growth. Now, while in our Treasury complex, 80,000 plus contracts a day may not seem very high. The RPC is about $2. So it's approximately four times the RPC of our overall complex. In addition to that, if you look at our Basis Trade at Index Close for example in equities, Basis Trade at Index Close, remember we launched a little over a year ago. This allows participants to trade our equity futures at a basis to the cash market close. Very efficient for cash options traders, but also very efficient for index managers wanting to eliminate any slippage relative to the management of their index funds. The BTIC, we actually had a record day on February 28. We had another record day on March 1. The BTIC likewise has an extremely high RPC of approximately $3, and doing about 10,000 contracts a day. So we've had, I'd say, an extremely high hit ratio on our recent successes, and a lot of those new products, with the efficiencies that they provide, have a higher RPC.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Sean. Maybe Derek can comment a little bit on his process as well.
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, Chris. And as Terry mentioned at the top of his comments, we had an all-time record quarter in our metals business. As you know, our metals contracts is our highest RPC contract, and copper has been a particular area of strength. You couple that with the large open interest holders and open interest records we're having, coupled with the fact that energy and metals particularly is where we've seen our highest participation and fastest growth in the commercial participants. You've got a combination of high-RPC products and growth in our high-RPC customer bases within those products as well. So we're helping to grow and diversify the growth across the exchange.
Chris Allen - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Great. Thanks. And just a quick one, just on the guidance for the licensing fees up in the back half of the year, when do the escalators kick in? I would've imagined it was earlier in the year and what does that assume for Russell ADV, the similar levels that we're seeing on ICE right now.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: What I guided to was to kind of give you a perspective of when you take a look at the second half of last year compared to the second half  what we're expecting the second half of this year, it's a 10% to 15% increase and that is assuming similar trading patterns. It's not only the Russell, but also other changes that occur in our license fees. Many of them, you're right, started at the start of this year. In terms of the level for the Russell, we're not kind of guiding in terms of the amount of volume. I will say that we're very excited about bringing the Russell on, the efficiencies that we can provide our customers and the distribution that we can provide our customers is really second to none. So, Sean, do you want to comment on the Russell?
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, we're very excited about the launch of the Russell 2000. So when we're launching those contrasts, we're going to be launching both the futures and a full suite of options on July 10. We are very excited about that. There will, however, be a one-year period when those contracts are trading both on our platform and on our competitors' platform. So there is some level of uncertainty as to when participants will move their open interest from one exchange the other. We are working very closely with market. We're very excited about it. And we're doing everything possible in order to make the transfer of open interest as easy as possible, as low cost as possible, as minimum slip as possible for our participants. And so we're excited about it, but it will take some time in order to move the open interest.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, to give you some perspective, the last full year that we had the Russell was in 2007 when we were trading 240,000 contracts a day. In 2016 at the alternative platform where Russell is currently trading, it was 118,000 contracts a day. So over that same period of time, it got cut in half. And then also just so you know that they cut the contract notional in half early this year or late last year.
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Late last year.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Late last year.
Chris Allen - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Chris.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go to Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. So follow-up on the Fed, I assume that the customer ultimately makes the decision on where customer cash is placed. So maybe what percent of customer cash do you think will be placed with the Fed over time? And maybe as the interest rate environment normalizes, would you expect the utilization of the Fed window to kind of increase or decrease? And then lastly, CME is taking a cut of that yield, and maybe to what extent are you getting pushback on the fees or the take that CME is getting on that Fed yield and is there any reason for pushback to kind of increase or decrease there over time?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: So, Ken, let me kick it over to Sunil to tell you the mechanism, how clients make a decision and how they want to have their funds being held and where, so, Sunil, why don't you go ahead, and I'll address the other part of our costs that are associated with the equities and how we are just recapturing some of our cost on the back end of it.
Sunil Cutinho - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you, Terry. As we said before, we provide our clearing firms the flexibility to post cash or securities. When cash is posted to us, we actually  cash for margin requirements is posted to us, we actually place that with Fed accounts and we pass the return back to the clients.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: And as far as what we capture as relates to the Fed accounts, I am going to let John walk through some of the costs that we incur and what we get back to offset those.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Ken. What we've been doing over the last several years is providing our customers, number one, access to the Fed that they don't have presently. And then secondly, we do incur a substantial amount of fees to support the clearing operations, liquidity fees, bank fees, other types of fees. This helps to offset. So it's two things. One is giving our customers that availability. Number two is to recoup some of the costs which are not insubstantial for running our business.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Answered your question, Ken?
Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, and just the last part of it. So in the interest rate environment when interest rates  before interest rates rose, you get a nice premium at the Fed versus what you get in the open market. I assume that may change as interest rates go higher. Is there less of an incentive to actually go to the Fed window as rates rise?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: You know what, Ken, I think that's pure speculation on what the (36:16) having margin that CME Group will do. We have no idea what they're going to do. I mean some people want to hold securities, some people want to hold cash that could change dramatically on a rising rate environment. It may not  it's a wait-and-see program for us, so we don't want to speculate on that.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then last maybe Terry for you, CME has made a push to further rationalize its business. You've exited some non-core businesses, which appeared to be really helping to boost efficiency, European clearing being good example. To what extent is there more a low-hanging fruit in terms of rationalizing the business?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: I don't know if there's any low-hanging fruit. I don't know what we're doing in Europe is considered low-hanging fruit, but we're making some tough decisions about how we optimize this business and we're going to continue to do so. I mentioned earlier in my comments that it's about the client, and I'm not saying a client in the United States is a client globally. So we are really focusing on going out attracting new end users into our products and showing the benefits that they can derive by doing the risk management here at CME Group. It's all about cost efficiencies in the world that we live in today. Sean talked about it a little bit earlier. And we're going to continue to point out those cost efficiencies, which CME Group can offer to its clients. So, that's a big push that we have over the next 12 months and we think we're very hopeful that we'll pay major dividends for not only our shareholders, but the opportunities for our clients.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: We go to Warren Gardiner with Evercore.
Warren Gardiner - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Warren.
Warren Gardiner - Evercore Group LLC: Maybe I missed it, but it sounded like the database was going to require some further investment beyond what you guys were expecting, but it doesn't look like there was really much change to expense guidance or anything along those lines. Can you kind of just square those two for us?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, sure, Warren. This is John. As Terry has kind of mentioned, it's really about focusing the resources within CME Group and some of the things that we talked about as we rationalized some of the operations here, we're able to take some of those resources and put them towards growth initiatives. This is an example of that. We feel that in data, there's a tremendous opportunity with our six asset classes and the value of the options data that we have within our business, and we've got a large and growing options complex. So it's really taking internal resources and reprioritizing them to the market data efforts. There's lots of examples that I can give you on that, but it's really taking the focus of the business and putting it towards market data. Also as Terry has indicated, we spent a lot of time growing this in a global client base, driving this, accumulating all this volume and now we're really focused on capturing the market data side of the opportunity for us.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: And just to add to what John said, I'm very  what John and rest of the team, we're very focused on the cost of running this business most efficiently possible. So I don't see any incremental cost to adding to Bryan's group to go out and capture the revenue opportunities that we believe are in market data. So I don't see any reason to guide on any higher expenses as it relates to that product line.
Warren Gardiner - Evercore Group LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, good morning.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Patrick.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Quick question on energy. So ICE and Platts announced that in May they're going to launch a U.S. LNG futures contract. Is that an area within energy that you think presents an opportunity for CME Group as well?
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, thanks, Patrick. It's Derek. Sorry for my froggy voice. I picked up something in China last week. When you look at the energy business, as Terry mentioned in some of his remarks, we're coming off a year or a quarter this year of record open interest in growth in WTI, heating oil, gasoline and nat gas. When you look at LNG, it's a growing market, it's an emerging asset class where you're talking about a product that is now the result of what's changing both in the dynamics here in the U.S. as well as a global market. It's a physical market that is evolving. There's no established price points right now. When you look at the position that we got in the Henry Hub market in natural gas, we're at record levels of 70% market share. Terry referenced our outperformance growth versus ICE in nat gas options and nat gas. So, yeah, we're looking at that as an additional piece of the growth pie relative to energy. We're very excited about that. We think the growth we've put up and given the fact that we are now seeing commercials as the single largest participant in our energy business, that coupled with the large open interest orders and open interest rates give an indication as to where we're focused on the end user need. So as the LNG market evolves, we're working with end users to make sure we're able to service them in LNG market as we have in WTI as well as in the nat gas market. If you look at slide 11 in the deck that we sent you, you'll see the growth in open interest that we've actually been put up across each of these four major components on energy business, so in the same way that we have attacked those client segments and be able to serve their needs, we'll do the same thing in emerging products like LNG.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. I appreciate that. And then speaking of your slide deck, as we look at slide 5 and showing your growth in Europe and Asia, it does look like that growth slowed a little bit, I guess, in the first quarter of 2017 versus 2016. So from that, I infer that most of your volume growth in the March quarter came from U.S. clients and I think you made some commentary about banks kind of getting more active, so if you can maybe expound on that a little bit.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah. I'll let Bryan and Sean touch on that a little bit about the expansion throughout the other regions. Bryan?
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: Sure. Thank you, Terry. So our global business remains very strong and robust. You're correct that I'd say early on, January, February was somewhat muted in comparison to the prior year. However, as we look into March, we've seen a tremendous growth particularly in our rates, jumped 50% from March of last year which is a tremendous sign. And our European activity overall was up substantially in comparison to the U.S. Again, it goes to the diversity of the product line because even as we saw some slowing down in the interest rate and equity complexes in January and February, that was well offset by our activities in our ags, metals and our FX complex. So again it goes to the diversity of the product line and the very surgical approach that we're taking to developing new client opportunities and bringing in new clients and the development of products that Sean has outlined.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Sean, maybe you could touch a little bit about the European interest rates versus ours and where you saw that in the first quarter.
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Sure. In terms of European interest rates  actually in terms of our U.S. rates complex, I think we mentioned it clearly in the documents, but record number of large open interest holders, record open interest, record Q1 volumes. So we're very excited about what we were able to achieve in the first quarter. And Terry mentioned in terms of innovation, our Ultra 10-Year reaching 103,000 contracts a day. So we're very excited about what we've done there. In terms of our European penetration, specifically in our interest rate products, to put things into perspective, we did 1.488 million contracts a day out of Europe. So we did almost 1.5 million contracts a day. Think about that relative to the size of our competitors, and they are global, actually, businesses. So we've gotten extremely high penetration. We're going to continue to get increased penetration. If you look on our charts  on slide 6, you can see here how we had great actually traction in our Eurodollar futures and options, our Treasury futures and options. We had over 100% growth in our fed funds contracts, and we continue to increase penetration of the cash market. So we're very excited about our rates market. Then actually on slide  you can see our innovation on slide 9, where we're looking at several new innovations that we've launched in the marketplace and the terrific traction that we're getting there. You can see on slide 10, for example, the record number of large open interest holders where we've had a new leg up in that marketplace in terms of banks and the growth that we're seeing in foreign exchange. We're very excited there. There are a lot of times when we're doing things that may seem extremely technical, but they actually have very big impacts on market structure and have helped us enormously. So one of things I talked about last year was the fact that we had reduced our minimum price increments on four of our large FX contracts. So we halved the minimum price increment on our euro versus dollar. We halved it on the yen versus dollar, the dollar versus the Canadian dollar, and the dollar versus the Mexican peso. What that means now is for the electronic algorithms within the banks because we've got a much more competitive product with a much tighter bid-offer spread, much better liquidity, we're getting a much higher volume. So interesting in the first quarter, our volume with banks was up by 15% in our foreign exchange marketplace, even though our overall volumes were down because of much lower volatility. At the same time, the two largest OTC platforms that publicly offer foreign exchange, we significantly outperformed their volumes.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: So just to add to what Sean said, and I think he summed it up very well, but there's always ebbs and flows not only to our U.S. participants, but also to our European and Asian participants. So that's I think just what we're seeing a little bit here, and there's nothing more than that. And I think with the initiatives that we've outlined with the capital efficiencies, the innovation in our interest rate complex, you might see some trading in different venues, but ultimately people are migrating to our products as the numbers dictate.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just one on market data again. I believe the prior 5% to 6%, the growth guidance, excluded pricing changes. So can you just give us an update on the pricing moves or potential pricing moves and maybe if you have any plan to increase pricing over the next 12 months?
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, we do not have any pricing planned this year. So we are always looking at our products and adding new products and augmenting additional customers, but we don't have any planned price increases thus far.
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: And as I alluded to earlier, this is targeting other consumers of the data than what you would view as your core market data participants. So it's actually a new pipeline of activity that we're driving towards, and they'll be paying for those services.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: And this is a  let me answer this in a broader way. One of the reasons it gave us the opportunity to do the things we're doing to create the efficiencies is because we were able to build liquidity around the clock on our Globex platform. We don't want to disrupt that liquidity. So on the market data side, to Bryan's point, we don't need to tack  or add on additional costs to our core participants who are providing that around-the-clock liquidity, but we go after these new forms if people are coming to us and we're going to them. That's really where the incremental revenue is going to come from on market data.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, and then if I could have just one follow-up maybe for Sean on the rates business. You're seeing stronger year-on-year growth in futures open interest in rates than you've seen in quite some time. And one of the questions from the investment community is really around the sustainability of this growth in a rising rate environment where most of the activity in hedging and repositioning actually happens ahead of the rate moves and just as rates start to move. I guess could you help us understand what users are coming in to build the open interest really just over the past two quarters that's driven the really significant open interest growth, and then how sustainable you believe that is going forward?
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Sure. I appreciate the opportunity. So think about it. We grew our (48:46) even during zero interest rate policy with new product innovations, new product extensions. And we've been growing the open interest for quite some time. If you think here's an interesting point, for example, during the zero interest rate policy, we focused a lot on liquidity further out the curve in our greens, in our blues and further out, so the third year and the fourth year of Eurodollar futures. One of the things that you're seeing come to fruition now is in 2011 we launched a third year of quarterlies in our Eurodollar options. In 2013, we launched, for the first time in CME Group's history, a fourth year of quarterlies in Eurodollar options. Those options that we launched in 2013 are now (49:29). So for the first time, we've been able to have four years' worth of accumulation of open interest in the existing contracts in our options complex. So I don't see anything, any ceiling of any sort. We will get penetration of the cash market. We've grown it very substantially from on the order of 55% of the cash market on our Treasury futures in 2012 to now 82%. If you think about our S&P futures and if you look at our S&P futures penetration of the cash market, we actually trade in our S&P futures on a daily basis a larger risk amount than all of the cash exchanges combined. So there is no ceiling. In the case of S&P, our penetration is over 100%. So I don't see any ceiling on that growth.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: I'm sorry, sir. Go ahead.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Is there further questions?
Operator: We do have two remaining in queue, sir.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Okay. Go ahead.
Operator: We'll go to Vincent Hung with Autonomous.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP: Hi. Sorry, maybe I missed it, but is $97 million the quarterly run rate for market data revenue for the year now?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: We haven't provided any guidance. I would say that it's range-bound.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP: Okay. And you highlighted your strength in options and futures. Can you maybe talk about the attractiveness of options and futures and any sense as to why your peers aren't doing more to catch up with you?
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, Vincent, it's Derek here. I think if you look at the  we've provided some slides here and you've seen these before relative to both our growth and our penetration. The unique position that we find ourselves in is we are the largest derivatives engine in the world with a broadest asset class perspective. So we've got  this year today, I think we're actually doing over 4 million contracts a day in April. So we continue to go from strength to strength, but be in a position where about we've got core benchmark liquidity across every major asset class, what we focus on is building out the options associated with those futures and the infrastructure, the technology, the position we put ourselves in relative to extending the franchise at the enterprise level uniquely allows us to scale our technology investments in the ways that others that are maybe just an energy exchange or just an equities exchange are going to struggle to put that kind of investment behind. So as we globalize our business, as we port our liquidity electronically, Sean mentioned before the growth in Eurodollar options electronically were up to 32% electronically. That's the growth of our global participation in Europe and Asia. Questioning what others are doing or not doing, I couldn't tell you, but what I can tell you is we're focused on client need, giving them the most capital-efficient way to trade all of their risk in futures and options in a unique way in which we can provide the electronic delivery of that actionable liquidity alongside the capital efficiency of providing the underlying hedge with the option on the same platform in the same clearinghouse is unparalleled elsewhere.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP: Thanks.
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Vincent.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you, Vincent.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Alex.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. Hey. Thanks again. Just one quick thing, maybe this was addressed already, but on the whole interest income from the clearinghouse with the (52:55) and so forth, can you just remind us how the mechanics will work as rates move higher? Like I think you've said something about 80% for the customer and you keep 20%. If I remember this correctly, so if there are further rate hikes, do you basically capture 5 basis points with every rate hike? And then just in general on those line items, I think that kind of  is there any way you guys can present us a little bit better the balances and the investment income? I feel like it's kind of get lost below the line here a little bit. And I mean this has the potential to offset some of this market data weakness and I think it gets completely lost. So just wondering if you can do a better job of presenting this going forward.
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. Thank you, Alex. Yes, a couple a couple of things. First off, we have not said what we're going to do with the next rate hike. As you look at our Fed funds futures kind of try to imply this is kind of a June move, but we have not said what we're going to do in terms of the amount we're going to rebate back to our customers. This is an important service that we provide our customers. So it's something that we want  to your point, I think something that is core to what we do and we want to make sure that we're highlighting it as effectively as we can and we probably should highlight it more, especially when you take a look at what we've been able to do, where we're taking our non-operating earnings from an expense, a $9 million expense in the first quarter of 2014 up to where we're at today of $16 million  or $15.6 million in income. So it's this offering that we offer our customers and also it's the S&P joint venture  index business that we have with S&P Global. That's also performing extremely well and producing around $30 million in earnings for us. So when you take a look at that line, it's something that certainly the investing community should be aware of because these are two things that, although are not in our direct operating expenses, are important for our overall business. So, that's a couple of points that we wanted to highlight.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Absolutely. Thank you.
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Right. Thank you. Thanks for question, Alex.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: There're no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Well, let me thank all of you for participating today. We appreciate the opportunity to address your questions. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: And that does conclude our call for today. Thank you again for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John C. Peschier - CME Group, Inc. Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc. John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc. Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc. Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc. Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.
Analysts: Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Michael Roger Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC Chris M. Harris - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC Chris Allen - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP Rob Rutschow - CLSA Americas LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the CME Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Earnings Call. I would now like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John C. Peschier - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Terry and John will make some initial remarks and then we will open up the call for your questions. Other members of our team will also participate during the Q&A. Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. For detailed information about factors that may affect our performance, may be found in our filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Also on the last page of the earnings release, you will find a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, John. Welcome, everyone. And thank you for participating today. Before going into the details of our performance, I want to start out with a few comments, then I look forward to spending time focused on your questions. As most of you know, I have been heavily involved in leading our growth strategy since we decided to go public in 2002. I had the good fortune to lead the IPO and roadshow, and have been involved ever since. In 2007 and 2008, I oversaw the acquisition of the Chicago Board of Trade and the New York Mercantile Exchange. These two transactions were a cornerstone of our growth strategies. They have led to the tremendous product diversity and deep liquidity that we provide our customers around the world today. One of the things we're always focused on is meeting our clients ever-changing needs. This requires continued innovation and the development of new capital-efficient solutions. One example of the benefits that our clients receive is having interest rate swaps and interest rate futures in a single clearinghouse. This has allowed for billions of dollars in margin savings for our clients. In addition, we are committed to reducing our day-to-day operating cost. This frees up dollars to spend on our growth initiatives. The bottom line, as a company, we are well positioned to help our customers navigate today's unpredictable global environment and, in turn, deliver value to you, our shareholders. Before I turn things over to John, I want to make a couple of comments about today's results. Fourth quarter volume averaged more than 16 million contracts per day, up 24%. That included quarterly ADB records in interest rates, energy products and metals. As you know, we closely track our volume globally. For example, in the fourth quarter, trading volume rose more than 50% during both European and Asian trading hours. At the same time, volume during U.S. trading hours jumped 23%. In terms of the full year, we reached record levels of volume, averaging 15.6 million contracts per day. This was up 12% compared with 2015. Our global growth was also impressive. Volumes from Europe and Asia were up 16% and 15%, respectively. Also, we continue to expand our options franchise. In 2016, we had record annual average daily volume of 3.1 million contracts, or an increase of 14%. Total revenue for the year rose by $268 million. At the same time, expenses excluding license fees remained relatively flat. This drove double-digit earnings growth. Looking ahead, I'm more optimistic than ever about all the work we've done to position the company for continued success. We believe the need for risk management will remain strong, especially as unprecedented political changes continue to unfold throughout the world. It was very impressive to see our open interest in December exceed 122 million contracts. This reflects the continued growth of our customer base throughout the world. As I said earlier, we also will continue to work closely with our customers to drive valuable product innovation. Innovation is the lifeblood of every institution and I see it no differently. I'm encouraged by the good start we have seen so far in 2017. I want to commend my team for their hard work as we continue to manage and grow our business. I look forward to taking your questions in just a few minutes. But for now, I will turn it over to John to discuss 2016 and our plans for this year. Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you, Terry, and good morning, everyone. We are very pleased to finish off a tremendous year with a very strong fourth quarter. Our team continues to be intensely focused on driving global revenue growth, operating our business as efficiently as possible and returning excess capital to our shareholders. For the full year, ADB grew 12% from 2015, driving an 8% revenue increase for the year. Adjusted operating expenses, excluding license fees, grew by less than 1% and was below my original guidance for 2016. Global revenue growth coupled with strong cost management led to excellent operating leverage, with adjusted diluted EPS growing 12% in 2016 to $4.53 per share. In Q4, we were able to grow revenue 12% and adjusted diluted EPS 18%, to $1.14. I will touch on the main details. Our rate per contract for the fourth quarter was $0.731, down from the prior quarter. This was primarily due to a higher proportion of overall trading in interest rates as well as an increased proportion of activity from members during the quarter. Market data and access and communication fees were up $1 million and $2 million versus Q4 last year, respectively. In addition, other revenue increased $6.5 million, mainly due to a significant software sale. Moving to expenses. Excluding license fees and adjustments, our fourth quarter total expense increased 3% from the prior year to $290 million, which is where we guided to last quarter. We had the normal sequential quarter expense increase this year, driven by marketing events, advertising, as well as project-related fees. Our adjusted compensation-related expense increased by less than 1% compared to last year and the compensation ratio in Q4 was 14.6%, down from 16.3% a year ago. In addition, the decline in our full-year comp ratio had a similar trajectory. Looking at the non-operating income and expense line for the fourth quarter, our ownership in the S&P Dow Jones Indices joint venture drove $28 million in net earnings from unconsolidated subsidiaries, up 12% from Q4 last year. The compound annual growth rate on this contribution has been 13% since 2013. Turning to investment income. We received $3.7 million in dividends from BM&FBOVESPA. In addition, our investment returns, generated through the reinvestment of cash performance bonds and guaranteed fund contributions, increase sequentially to $8.4 million from $7.3 million in Q3. Taxes for the fourth quarter were an adjusted 35.6% and were 36.2% for the full year. And now to the balance sheet. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had approximately $1.95 billion in cash and restricted cash. We returned approximately $1.1 billion of that with our annual variable dividend of $3.25 per share in January. In 2016, we returned $1.8 billion of dividends to our shareholders. During January, we sold down the remainder of our equity stake in BM&FBOVESPA. The total net proceeds are expected to be approximately $240 million. We will continue our strong and strategic relationship with them, and we have each decided that joint equity ownership is not required. During the fourth quarter, capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances were $33 million, bringing the full year to $92 million. Overall our annual spend is lower than previous years, partly because of our asset-light strategy of eliminating real estate and, in 2016, selling our data center. From capital perspective, we are primarily focused on our technology and clearing services, and we have invested approximately $12 million more in those activities in 2016 than last year. In terms of guidance for next year, we expect CapEx to come in between $100 million and $110 million. Turning to operating expenses. We will continue to be as efficient as possible as we execute on our strategy. For 2016, we guided to and achieved only a 1% increase in adjusted expenses, excluding license fees, and we expect to do the same in 2017. We anticipate adjusted total expense growth of approximately 1% to $1.09 billion, excluding license fees, in 2017. Included in the guidance are investments in organic market data growth and new product extensions and offerings. Now to market data. As Bryan mentioned last quarter, we have been doing a comprehensive review of our data business and the opportunity to expand beyond our traditional screen-based real-time offering. Our plan is to increase the data sales team focused on derived data, offer new services, such as our cloud-based data platform, which enables us to easily add new data content and also build out an audit function. We expect to see approximately 5% to 6% organic revenue growth over the next few years, with 2017 being back-end loaded. Finally, excluding any federal tax changes, we expect our tax rate next year to be approximately the same as this year, at 36.3%. In summary, for the year, our revenue was up nearly $270 million and our incremental operating margin was 92%. Without license fees, that jumps to about 96%. Our secular growth drivers continue to deliver results, our efficiency on expenses has been excellent and we are excited about the prospects ahead. With that, we would like to open up the call for your questions. Given the number of analysts who cover us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question so we can get to everyone. Please feel free to get back in the queue if you have any further questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we will pause for a second just to assemble a queue. We'll take our first question from Rich Repetto from Sandler O'Neill.
Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Yeah, good morning, Terry. Good morning, John.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good morning. I guess since we just have one question, a broader question then. Terry, as you look at the potential regulatory rollbacks  and I know it's unclear what they exactly are. But I'm just trying to get your assessment on the net impact, whether it's positive or negative. And how you look at, say, if the banks do get more active in proprietary trading, because I know you've done well in also getting the firms that have been spun out of the big banks as well.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Right. So, Rich, let me take that in a couple of different ways. First on the regulatory rollbacks, if there's going to be any rollbacks at all. I actually believe that the market in general has shown that there already is rollbacks by doing nothing. And I say that for a couple reasons. When you look at the existing law that was passed in 2010, the Dodd-Frank law, roughly 80% of the rules were passed at the CFTC and something just shy of that at the SEC. So I believe some of the rules that have yet to be proposed or written may never even happen. And then you have other laws at the Fed, banking laws and things of that nature, that are yet to still come out of some of the legislation. So I think that's almost a little bit of deregulation by doing nothing at all. And I think that's what the market is seeing. I also think the market is seeing that we're not going to get a bunch of new laws. You've got to look at today's compliance for regulatory matters is roughly $2 trillion. I mean, that's up significantly over the last 20 years. So I think we're getting to a point where the market finally sees some clarity that we have a lot of rules and laws on the books. And no one's saying it is bad to have rules and laws, but I think that, in other words, a rollback or not is yet to be seen in what it would be. As far as the banks' proprietary trading goes, I'll talk about the Volcker a little bit on that. One of the things that I think is a great opportunity right now. As you recall, the banks were able to proprietary trade in cash treasuries. But for some reason, they omitted the futures contracts. I think that's one of the things that they'll be able to  we're hopeful they will be able to participate in that market to create liquidity. Liquidity is critically important for everybody. It makes markets more efficient. The more participants, the better the marketplace is. So that would kind of be my theme of what I think is going to happen as far as the regs go. That answer your questions?
Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Yes. Yes. Thank you. And then the rules  go ahead.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: And then, Rich, just on the energy also, I didn't touch on that, but I will because it's a big part of our asset classes. And if Derek wants to jump in, that's fine. But on the regulatory side of things, one of the things that we were seeing out of the past administration was position limits coming down and we didn't know what that was going to look like. I think now, that's not off the table, but I would think that any kind of position limits that are going to come out of the new administration will be at a point we're making sure business can grow, commercials can grow and other participants will be able to grow. So I think that's also a net positive for our energy complex. And I don't know if you want to touch on that, Derek, or you want to wait until there's other questions about the product itself.
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah. I'll very quickly follow up on the participation side. Yeah, I think when you look at what happened over the last four years or so, Rich, you saw a lot of the banks step out of the physical commodities markets, mostly in fact on the energy side. Now we've filled that void. You see that we've focused on bringing commercial customers in over the last two and a half years, and we're delivering not only record open interest, but record levels of large open interest holders. So the point that Terry made, if there is a means by which the banks can reenter the principal business in the physical commodities market, their coming back into a market that's much more diversified and broader already. So we think that would be nothing but upside to the business.
Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. Thank you. Very helpful. I'll get back in the queue.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Rich.
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Roger Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks a lot, guys.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Hi.
Michael Roger Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: John, just maybe two clarifications. Just one on the market data growth outlook, just wanted to get a sense on maybe what's driving that. And is that an annual growth rate? I know you said 2017 is more back-half weighted, but just wanted to get some longer-term perspective. And then just on the cash, I don't know if you can give us an updated cash level post-distribution and with the sale of BVM&F. But just wanted to get a sense of where that stood.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sure. Thanks, Mike. Yeah, in terms of the market data, after we've done an in-depth review of our strategy, we believe we have a plan that through investing in derived data sales, additional services, including our cloud-based services, and a more robust audit function, that we can deliver 5% to 6% annual growth in this business. And 5% to 6% for 2017 will be obviously ramped towards the back end of the year. So that's 5% to 6% annually over the next few years. With regard to the cash, we had about $1.1 billion in annual variable dividend. That left us about  when you look at the end of the year balance sheet, left is about $850 million in cash on hand, which is slightly higher than the $700 million that we had targeted, but we had a very tremendous fourth quarter. In terms of BVM&F, we did complete the sale of our stake in BVM&F. That netted us in the month of January about $240 million in cash.
Michael Roger Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks a lot.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: All right. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. John, if you could just touch on the expense guidance. Obviously the cost control continues to be very good here. If you're not willing to give the volume assumptions under that, at least if I can propose something like, let's say, if we had a 15% increase in ADV in 2017, would you still be able to keep that expense growth at around 1%? And then maybe, Terry, if you could just comment on the volatility backdrop, your view of what volatility in general may be for interest rates, in particular in 2017, given the new administration and what you've seen versus past years. Thanks.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sure. Brian. I'll touch on the expense side. We have done a tremendous job across the whole organization. The entire team is focused on really driving our business as efficiently as we possibly can. So our guidance is 1% excluding license fees. License fees tend to be tied to equity trading volume. That's the biggest impact driving license fees. It tends to  so when you look at the ratio of license fees to our equity volumes, that's probably a good mechanic to use going forward in terms of your assumptions around volumes in our equity complex. If we tend to have a really tremendous year this year, the area that would flex the most, excluding license fees, would be obviously the bonus. The bonus would go higher relative to our performance. We would attempt to offset that through other mechanisms if it was necessary. In fact, when you look at Q4, you can see that our bonus was higher as a result of the activity. And we still met our guidance for the quarter.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Brian, I'll touch a little bit on the volatility. But as you know, it's very difficult to predict, and volatility is just one of the components that people use our markets for to manage risk. There's a whole host of issues why the markets go up and down, obviously. But when I look at what's coming at us in 2017 which could create some volatility, I always like to look at prices of certain asset classes. So I'm looking at the equity markets, which are obviously on historic highs, so something could give either way. So if, in fact, the administration does get the corporate tax cut it has been proposing, then maybe the market could potentially look cheap because of what that could mean for corporations to their bottom line. And, if not, maybe it looks a little lumpy. So that could create some volatility. When you look at our other complexes, the energy complex is also interesting because of the potential conversation around putting a tariff on imported products, what that could mean for the price of energy, and Derek can touch on it as well. But that also could create some volatility between the TI and Brent spreads that could be quite interesting for the energy complex. I also think what's interesting for 2017 is something we saw here in our own country this year, which is some of the European elections that we're going to see in 2017. As you know, we get a tremendous amount of revenue coming out of Europe. And that is something that, with the elections coming up I believe in Germany and France this year both, it could be another volatile situation. I'm not saying it's going to be the same as when President Trump was elected, but that's something that we could look at. So I think geopolitical volatility could be definitely in the mix and that'll also affect our foreign exchange complex as well once you get that volatility moving. So, Derek, if you want to add to the energy component, but that's where I see the volatility.
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, I think that's right. I think our early read of what that border tax might look like is it'd certainly be a boost to domestic production in the U.S., meaning that's a WTI oversupply story. So that's what our customers have been using our products for over the last two and a half years showing outperformance. So one indicator of where we see people starting to take positions is we've got options on the Brent WTI spread. And we've seen that product kind of languish in the sub 100 to 500 a day contract volume. We're up to 5% contracts (21:38) a day. So to Terry's point, we're out in front of customer needs, providing solutions for them. As these evolve, we see this basically being a boost to WTI and this is where people hedge their energy risk through TI.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Does that answer your question, Brian?
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Maybe just a quick comment on rates given what we've seen in November and all the repositioning...
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: So let me kick that over to Sean Tully and he can give his comments on the rates.
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Sure. Great. Thanks very much, Terry. Thanks for the question. As we know, the Fed's current range for the fed funds rate is between 50 basis points and 75 basis points. If you look at the expectations for the marketplace, there's an expectation of a tightening in June and then a second one in December. So if you look at our fed funds futures, and actually our FedWatch Tool is really the barometer that the marketplace uses in order to look at what the Fed is going to do. We're currently expecting around end-of-year between 1% and 1.25% fed funds rate. On the other hand, if you look at the Fed expectation, so the most recent survey by the FOMC itself, their expectations are between 0.9% and 2.1%. So the Federal Reserve has a very large range, more than 1 percentage point, of their expectations for the Fed rate at the end of the year. So there is a lot of opportunity for volatility. We did have a tightening in December. The other thing I guess I would mention is the Federal Reserve likewise in their survey of themselves, the FOMC, they expect PCE to be between 1.7% and 2% at the end of the year, and the unemployment rate between 4.4% and 4.7%. Those are down to their targets. So they have a target of 2% inflation and 4.5% to 5% unemployment rate. So they are already at, or they will be at by year end, kind of their expectations for long-term equilibrium. So there is the opportunity  it depends on what happens with the economy, but it is an environment where you should see more Fed activity.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: I think just just to add to that. And I would see Sean as the expert, but when I look at some of the growth that we're seeing in this country, if you ever got some inflation because of the policies either set by administration or other folks that got a little bit over their skis on the buying power that they have the ability to do today, you could almost see the Fed getting over-reactive at the same point. So we haven't talked a lot about inflation over the last couple of years because it just hasn't happened with the price of energy going down to $26 a barrel. But now that we see some of those changes, the inflation number might spark the Fed a little bit. I don't know, but that's one of the things I'm looking at.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. That's great color. Thanks so much.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: We will take our next question from Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Really just around corporate tax reform. If the U.S. does lower the corporate tax rate, just wondering if you could provide some more color as to what you're going to do with any tax savings, if that would be all passed through to shareholders or maybe if you want to reinvest some of those savings in certain areas of your business?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Hi, Kyle. This is John. Thanks for the question. It's still early in the process to understand the full impact, but based on the plans that have been discussed, we believe we'll be able to keep about 80% to 90% of any tax rate reductions. When we look at the net income that will drop to the bottom line, that goes into our cash pool that we can either use for further investment in the business or for our dividend. So it becomes part of the conversation as we look at our overall capital structure and investment policy. So it's available. We haven't specified where we would utilize that. But our view on our capital structure won't change relative to that.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay, Thanks, John.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you, Kyle.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Dan.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Just a quick question here on the industry and M&A. I think in the long run, there's expectations for continued industry consolidation. But with the current environment and the rise of populism, do you see cross headwinds at this point for cross-border M&A? Or how should we be thinking about the opportunity over the near-term versus the long-term at this point?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: I'll start on that and I'll let John make a comment and if Bryan wants to comment as well what he's seeing. On the cross-border M&A, it's very difficult to predict what's going to go on. I think when we're looking at the LSE/DB transaction, everybody's focused on that at the moment. So I don't know how the environment is going to be for M&A. But I will say that if there's opportunities, obviously we're going to be looking at things if they make sense for our shareholders. If they're not, then we just won't be pursuing them. So I'm not certain that the new administration or the folks in Europe are going to change the equation as far as where it's at today as far as M&A activity goes being improved or not improved. And I'm not sure if I'm answering your question correctly, Dan, if you're looking for probabilities about M&A, or if you're looking for opportunities in M&A. So I took your question as probabilities.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: I mean, it's a combination just in the sense that I think there are expectations for potentially continued industry consolidation or maybe some opportunities. I think you're kind of touching  it's not so much near-term it's more about the longer-term picture. But I think we're kind of getting in that area. So...
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, I think just to be clear. I think we look at M&A, our view is always, are we going to be able to create long-term shareholder value and how does it fit with our strategy. So we pay attention to the marketplace and are constantly looking at opportunities. And when we see something that is long-term value enhancing, we'll act on it. I think Terry's right. I think the environment is challenging cross-border, but we are always investigating and looking at opportunities.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: That's helpful. I'll get back into queue. Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo.
Chris M. Harris - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Hey, guys. Wanted to ask another question on tax. You guys know, there was an accounting change in and around the treatment of equity grants. And for some firms, it's serving to lower corporate tax rates. And looking at your guidance, it looks like obviously that's not the case. So just wondering if you guys could expand on perhaps why that is.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, sure. This is John. I'd be happy to take that. When you look at the change in the accounting rules around equity grants, for us, it represents a two-tenths to three-tenths of a percent impact to our effective tax rate. And that's been included in our guidance. Now, as you know, that this rule change, the impact on the taxes relative to the rule change is a function of the aggregate cost of the equity grants relative to our total income. So our equity grant expense is a smaller proportion of our income than some of our peers. So the impact to us is less than others because of the size of our income relative to our equity grant expense. Now, just to be clear, this is a non-cash item. So from a cash flow perspective, it has minimal impact. So just keep that in mind as you're looking at the impacts.
Chris M. Harris - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Alex.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Also a bigger picture question for Terry. Obviously, as you noted, you've been involved in the company for quite some time, but I think this is your first call as the CEO. So just wondering in terms of strategic priorities for you, any things that you would point out that you might change or would take a different view. Obviously there's been a lot going on in the industry. But what do you think you will really focus on here? And what you think the company might head in a little bit of a different direction than previously? And I know somebody has asked about M&A already, been curious if you think your views on M&A are any different than from maybe the prior leadership team?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: So let me take that in a couple pieces. First of all, my focus I don't think is any different than the leadership that's been around this organization for a long time because the focus has really been around the clients. And I said that earlier. And I think that's the most important part of what we do is service our client. What I'm looking at is looking for more ways to create capital efficiencies for our clients in order to bring them in here so they can obviously trade more and then, in turn, if we can do that, we think the shareholders will be rewarded. We also have to continue to be innovative. Sometimes we rely very heavily on the asset classes we have and we get derivatives of a derivative. So we're always looking at new things that the world doesn't even know it needs yet today for tomorrow. That's one of the things that we're looking at. But what my focus is is really doing things that drop to the bottom line and being decisive about them. I think we have to be very decisive. And one example of that is to liquidate the BM&F position. It wasn't because the relationship was not good or anything of that nature because the relationship was great. We did it because the commercial arrangements were basically done and we did not need to invest your money in that. If you want to buy BM&F stock, the shareholders can do that themselves. So we acted very decisively on that and we exited that position. The other thing is discipline as far as new proposals go. If they don't work, we're going to be very disciplined on the expense side of it and also on the timing of how we're going to let some of these things hang out there. I'm not sure if that completely answered your question. And then on the M&A stuff, I think you asked a question on M&A also, Alex? Do I think any differently on M&A?
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. Just curious, I guess just curious if you think your views are different than the prior leadership team. And since you just talked about the initiatives, does that include things like the European business? Can you be any more specific around anything that might be on the chopping block that wasn't before? And I'll leave it at that.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, I'm not going to comment on that because we're always analyzing our investments that we have, whether in London or other places. So we'll continue to analyze that. There's been no decisions made either way on some of these investments in Europe. But as far as M&A goes, I'm not looking at it any different than what John said earlier, I believe to Chris or to Dan, and that is we're going to look for things that make sense for us. And if we can get to that point, I'm going to be very supportive of it. I'm not a big fan of one-off smaller-type acquisitions that are in the pipeline that people believe that anything could add value. I think that you have to really  you can't throw everything against the wall and expect it to work. So we're going to very focused and targeted on what we think can add value to our clients. And that's where we're going with this. And sometimes I'm a little bit more direct than my predecessors, but I'm going to be more direct because I think it's important for you and for our shareholders to hear that from me.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Excellent. Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Yep.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Allen with Buckingham Capital.
Chris Allen - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Morning, guys. I may have missed this and I apologize if I did. Just on the market data guidance, does this build in any price increases at all?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Hi, Chris. This is John. Relative to market data, no, we have not announced any pricing actions for 2017.
Chris Allen - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And the forward guidance does not bake that into your thinking or is that just more driven around sales, new products?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, what we're really focused on in addition to our real-time data offering is investing in derived data sales, offering additional services, including our cloud-based services, for our customers so they can get more types of data easily more accessible and building out a robust auto function. Bryan can comment. It's his area.
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: Just one more point, Chris, is we're being far more targeted and focused in how we go about segmenting our customers and our consumers of data. We're able to do so with greater level of granularity and we really view that that opens up opportunities for us to drive more business and revenues in that regard.
Chris Allen - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Got it. And then just a real quick one. The software sale, $6.4 million, is that just a one-time kind of event?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, the software sale is an unusually large item. So we wanted to highlight it for you. It was approximately $5 million.
Chris Allen - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Got it. Thanks, guys.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vincent Hung with Autonomous.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP: Hi. Good morning.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Vincent.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP: Can you provide us with an update on the retail trading push you decided to make it the end of last year?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sure. It's retail.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Retail.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Retail push. Yeah.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: So the retail push is an interesting one, Vincent. Right now we are new at the game of retail, for lack of a better term, what we'd call retail. Retail is basically participants that are already active in the marketplaces in all different types of securities, including trading derivatives. So we have a very small part of that. But the revenue is starting to grow significantly. When you look at it, I believe we have roughly 4% of the retail trade that we deem as retail of the 14 million active accounts that are retail, so there's another 13.5 million roughly accounts out there that could potentially be using our products. So we are getting more and more aggressive at targeting these folks who are already participating. And I think what's important here is we're not targeting people that have never traded before or participated in the marketplace. These are professionals that are already in the marketplace. A lot of them are trading ETFs, a lot of them are trading equity options. And, obviously, they have the ability to trade futures. If you saw what I believe our friends at TD Ameritrade made some comments during their call that they had a lot of participants picking up their activity in trading from there. So those are the type of participants we're looking at. And it's been quite a successful campaign. But it's one of those ones that it takes some time. And when you look at the products that they are looking to participate in, energy, FX and gold seems to be the three things that they like to participate in. These are very household every day products that we talk about. And so that has been one of the big upticks we've seen from the retail in those three asset classes. So, Bryan, you want to comment further?
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Terry. We're also seeing excellent growth coming out of the international time zones. So to put it in perspective, about 50% of our retail activity's coming out of the U.S., greater than 30% now is coming out of international. And within those product scopes that Terry outlined, we just see it as a tremendous opportunity to further penetrate those regions with the diversity of the products. And also what's interesting is options. You're seeing a really nice uptake with options. In the past, it would be one in every 15 trades would be done by a retail participant in options. And now they're becoming more and more sophisticated, a lot of it through our educational efforts and partnering with our channel partners. It's about one in five now.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP: Great. Thank you.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Vincent.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rob Rutschow with CLSA.
Rob Rutschow - CLSA Americas LLC: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Rob.
Rob Rutschow - CLSA Americas LLC: So you've done a very good job of holding the line on expenses, helped by a move to close floors and move people overseas and consolidate real estate, et cetera. You obviously guided expense growth to 1% in 2017, which is also good. I guess looking ahead it would be helpful to know how much in savings you think those actions provided in 2016 and what the impact might be for 2017. And I guess what I'm trying to get at is, what do you view your organic growth rate in expenses to be? And additionally, do you see any moves that you can take going forward that might help mitigate that organic growth rate?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sure. Thanks, Rob. The entire team here has I think done a fantastic job of really looking at our infrastructure, making sure that we're spending every dollar as effectively as we possibly can. And this includes a lot of benefits for our customers, in fact. When we reduced management layers, it made us more agile, made us more responsive. We've got staff overseas so we can also be able to handle client business better 24 hours a day and develop all the liquidity that we have on our systems 24 hours a day and service those customers 24 hours a day. So some of the actions we've taken, although have been cost-effective, but they've also been customer-effective. Now going forward into this year, a lot of the work that we've done in 2016 is carrying over into 2017. So things like, we'll continue to sublet excess office space. We're closing the trading floor in New York this month. We have done that. And then we'll continue to benefit from the technology work we've done in terms of utilizing more Software-as-a-Service. As well as we've consolidated our data center and are working with our partner at CyrusOne, which is making us more effective in terms of costs relative to our data center usage. So I think when you look past 2017, excluding license fees, I would say that a low-single digit expense growth is what I would see going past 2017.
Rob Rutschow - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: All right. Thanks, Rob.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. Hey, guys. Just a quick follow-up for John primarily here. First off, on the investment income line, how should we be thinking about that going forward now that the BM&FBOVESPA is out? Maybe remind us what else is in there. And considering that some of that is now driving by the margin-driven income, I guess, with the Fed just doing the hike in December, is there another tick up? How are you thinking that line is going to come in for 2017?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Alex. We've been really focused on driving as much income as we can. In fact, when you look at that other income and expense area, from 2014 it's gone from an expense of $400,000 to $31 million in 2016 for the full year. So it is something that is very meaningful. When you look at the components that are in there, one is our S&P Dow Jones joint venture. And for the quarter it was about $28 million. And this has had a CAGR of about 13% since 2013. We've got our interest expense. And then we've got investment income. And we look at the investment income, you can think of it in kind of four components. The first is the investment we do on behalf of our clients. And that's generated about $21.1 million in income for the quarter. And then a couple lines down, you can see that we rebate a large portion of that back to our clients. And that's on the other expense line. And that was about $12.7 million. So that gives us a net of $8.4 million for the quarter, up from last quarter of $7.3 million. Then we invest our corporate cash and we've got other investment gains. And that was about $2.8 million for the quarter. And the last component is the dividend income that we received from BVM&F this quarter. And that was $3.7 million. Obviously since we sold off our stake, we're not going to have that going forward. So with regard to the Fed, yes, the Fed was available for house accounts. It was open and operating in the fourth quarter. We had average daily balances of about $2.3 billion for the quarter and that was about $6.5 billion at year end. We capture about 15 basis points net for house funds that are put up at the Fed. Our house participants receive about 60 basis points. Now, the non-house customers currently don't have Fed access, although we are working with the Fed to attempt to make that happen. So going forward, until we have some clarity around access for the non-house accounts, we've been in approximately the $7 million to $10 million range for that investment income.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: All right. That's helpful. And then maybe secondly real quick, just coming back to market data, you said back-end loaded. So if you think about the next couple quarters, I guess the core business before some of these initiatives take hold, maybe you mentioned this before, but should this trickle down further? Or do you see stability right now in your core subscription base?
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: We see a stable trajectory with the core business. A number of these things are going to be implemented over the course of the next couple of quarters. So we'll be able to say more at the next one.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Sounds good. Thanks again.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: All right. Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Dan Fannon of Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Good morning, guys. Just as a follow up, you've given some really good color around expense growth and how you're thinking about expenses, but what about perhaps the opposite side of that coin? And so what I mean is that is there perhaps since the business is doing so well at this point, is there perhaps an opportunity to maybe have incremental investment that maybe just take a few more chances or roll the dice on a few more things that maybe you might not during if times were a little bit leaner? Wouldn't now be the time to do that? Or how should we be thinking about these other opportunities that maybe you guys are foregoing at this point?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: John will comment and then I will, too. But I will say that dice rolling is not in our business plan.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you, Terry. Yes. I think when we look at our spend, we are very disciplined with how we approach expenses. But our focus really has been to optimize our infrastructure so we can free up dollars to spend on growth initiatives. So when you take a look at what we've done over the last several years, we have had an unprecedented number of new product offerings that are meaningful and additive to our bottom line. So you look at things like our Ultra 10-Year, you look at things like the weekly equity options. Those are meaningful products that we've launched that are helping to drive our bottom line. And that all has been done through being able to optimize our infrastructure, free up the dollars so we can do this kind of launches. Repo is another example of something that we've been investing in for the last couple of years towards new products. Now, that all said, we'll not forego spending if we believe we have an opportunity in front of us. So there's not a point where we say we're not going to do something when we think there's going to be an opportunity ahead of us. So a couple examples, and maybe Sean could comment on it. On the OTC side of the business, we've had several really important launches that are unique to us that we've been able to launch that have been additive.
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Yes, so thank you, John. In interest rate swap clearing, for example, we had huge traction last year in Latin American currencies. We now offer more currencies for clearing interest rate swaps than any other platform globally. If you look at growth last year, for example, in Brazilian reai and Mexican peso interest rate swaps, we had enormous growth. We actually, in the month of January, we had a record day where we cleared in a single day over MXN1 trillion worth of Mexican interest rate swaps, or $47 billion. We're going to leverage that in the coming months and years. This summer we are expecting to add additional currencies. In particular, we're focused there on Asian currencies. So we do hope to launch two additional currencies there later this year. In February, we are looking to launch hopefully by the end of February additional monthly foreign-exchange futures. So the innovation continues. As John mentioned, the Ultra 10, which we launched in January of last year trades approximately 100,000 contracts a day today. The Wednesday Weekly options in the S&P 500 trades approximately 50,000 contracts a day. So we will continue to innovate, continue to grow, continue to take advantage of, as Terry mentioned, the opportunities to provide much greater capital and margin efficiencies for our clients in order to grow both our core as well as into the adjacent market.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: So, Dan, just to comment of the dice throwing comment, which I couldn't help myself but to say that.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Just as a clarification, I guess part of the question was just how loose are the purse strings now versus maybe if the times were tighter?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Well, here, let me say it this way and differently. So one of the things that we have done and we're continuing to do is to put a discipline in place so we can continually be in the good position that you just outlined a moment ago when times are good. And then times can always change, you don't know what's going to happen. But opportunity that I've always seen in my career happens when times are uncertain. So when you look at what's going on throughout the European community, and I'll use that as an example, don't think we're going that way, but this is an example. With Brexit, that could be two to three years before there's any clarity on what's going to happen over there. So in my mind that creates uncertainty which creates opportunity. But you cannot take advantage of the opportunity if you're not being disciplined with the way you're handling your business today. So, yes, we can look at different things going forward, new products, new opportunities and maybe take a, we'll use your phrase, roll a dice or two. But it will be very calculated and it will be in a position of strength, not a position of weakness, no matter what the market conditions are.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, and I think just the final point on it, and Terry mentioned at the start. We're very customer-oriented, very customer-focused. So a lot of the new product come from dealing closer with our customers, which allows us to be very responsive, allows us to make change right away as we hear new products or services that they want. And it also allows us to be in a position of strength when we offer the products. We don't have to do a lot of incenting because it's something that they want, it's something that they value. So it drives our revenue for the bottom line right away because it's value add for them and value add for us.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Very helpful. And then just one really quick short question here. A couple of years ago, there was a little bit of elevated discussion around the Omani Crude Oil Contract. Any additional color or update there?
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, this is Derek. Actually that's a good growth story. It's a market where it's really split between what that East versus West (51:46) benchmark looks like. We've got Omani Sour Crude listed on DME. We're a majority owner of that. That is a business that's acquired about 35% market share of that market. It's about a 20,000 contract a day business. That's a business that's breakeven for us, so we're very pleased with the growth there. In fact, we just hit in January on DME all-time open interest record and delivery record. It's a physical contract, which is what the market asked us to deliver out there. So we're very pleased with the growth. And we're seeing increased uptake in the product, primarily from commercial, which has been our focal point out there. So we're seeing that in world which is both globalizing and regionalizing an opportunity to provide a physical product in market in businesses that are breakeven for us we think are opportunities to build clients and extend our product footprint.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Very good. That's it for me, guys, Thank you so much.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions in queue. Now I'll turn the call back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: I want to thank everyone for participating this morning. I know many of you I've had the opportunity to spend some time with. For those of you I have not, I look forward to it. And again I thank you very much. And have a wonderful day.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John C. Peschier - CME Group, Inc. Phupinder S. Gill - CME Group, Inc. John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc. Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc. Kimberly S. Taylor - CME Group, Inc. Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc. Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc. Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.
Analysts: Michael Roger Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC Chris Allen - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP Rob Rutschow - CLSA Americas LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the CME Group third quarter 2016 earnings call. I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John C. Peschier - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Gill and John will spend a few minutes discussing the results, and then we'll open up the call for your questions. Terry, Bryan, Derek, Sean, and Kim are on the call as well and may participate in the Q&A session. Before they begin, I will read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and involve risks uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, which are on our website. Also on the last page of our earnings release, you will find a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures. With that I'd like to turn the call over to Gill.
Phupinder S. Gill - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you, Mr. Peschier, and thank you all for joining us. We have consistently talked about our focus on globalizing our business, growing our industry-leading options and futures franchise, and solving challenges our customers face through a number of innovative product extensions. We made progress across all of these areas during the third quarter. Year-to-date, our volume is up 8%, as is our transaction revenue while earnings per share is up more than 10%. This morning, I will start with our secular drivers then I will shift to a few product highlights. We have expanded our global footprint in spite of the challenging macro environment over the last five years. This quarter, we saw volume from Europe and Asia grow in the low single digits while the US activity was flat. Energy, in particular, stood out in Asia, Latin America, and Europe. We also saw noticeable outperformance in FX during third quarter out of Europe, which is great to see. In addition to the country of origin information that we share with you, we also track electronic volume throughout the 24-hour trading day. In Q3, our volume during European trading hours increased by 20%, while activity during Asian hours was up 7%. The US trading hours volume is down 1%, because of tough comps vis-a-vis August of last year. Turning to our efforts in our options franchise. We remain the leader relative to other global exchanges in terms of total options volume traded. During the third quarter, options reached the highest percentage on Globex to date, with more than 57%, and September exceeded 60%. A critical focal point has been our continued investment in our functionality and technology to enable increase adoption of Globex execution for complex option spreads. We are pleased to confirm that we hit a record of 50% of all option spreads traded electronically in September, up from less than 20% in 2012. We continue to launch a number of exciting new product extensions. Our Ultra 10-Year Treasury contract reached 73 contracts per day, compared to 61,000 in Q2. Open-interest continues to build and the bid offer spread is getting tighter. Building on the success of our weekly equity options that expire Friday each week, we launched weekly equity options with Wednesday expirations about a month ago. Those are averaging 23,000 per day, and on one day, we traded 45,000. In continuing to tailor contracts to meet specific client needs, we launched S&P 500 Total Return Index futures and those have begun to trade in October. The other areas of focus related to the initial implementation of the uncleared margin requirements include some cleared FX products like NDS and options, and potential new futures contracts primarily in interest rates, equity, and FX. Moving on to our commodities portfolio, we had another strong quarter led by metals and energy. up 22%, and 17% respectively year-over-year. In addition to strong volume growth, we continued to expand and diversify our global customer base across all of our commodities' asset classes. We reached an all-time high this month in the number of large open interest holders in energy, while ags and metals large open interest holders have grown in the mid-single digits and remain near peak levels. This reaffirms that global customers continue to manage their commodities market risk exposure here at CME Group. Our metals business has been our fastest growing segment this year, with volumes up 29% to date. Our precious metals business has performed extremely well despite a relatively flat volatility curve over the last year. With 74% of our metal options now trading electronically, we have been able to expand our global customer base by delivering futures and options liquidity all the way through the Asian and European trading days. And in our industrial metals area, we continue to build on our success with our copper business, up 17% year-to-date compared to LME's copper business which is down 7%. We also continue to grow our copper open interest with September month-end open interest up 17% year-on-year. We are particularly proud to have expanded our metal business with Asian clients by 45%, proving that we can effectively build business despite a challenging volatility environment. Energy was particularly strong in Q3, average daily volume of 2.3 million contracts, which is up 17%. In Q3, crude was up 20%, natural gas rose 23%, and refined products increased 13%. Our natural gas options business has been a particular area of success, with September volumes increasing 40%, driven by the significant growth in electronic volume. Within natural gas options during the third quarter, we set records for monthly ADV, a single day volume record, as well as record levels of options trading on Globex at 44% for August, up from just 15% a year ago. We believe that there are structural shifts taking place in both the crude and natural gas markets, driven by the US now becoming the swing producer in these markets, and we are well positioned to benefit from this shift. We have seen natural gas prices around the world begin to connect, which we believe bodes well for our physically settled Henry Hub contract over the long term. We see confirmation of global adoption of CME's benchmark energy products in our global customer growth, with energy business in Asia up 104% in September. Turning to financial products and starting with interest rates. Average daily volume in Q3 was up 2%, and year-to-date we are up 5%. At the end of the quarter, our large open interest holders were very close to an all-time high. Our total open interest in rates at the end of September, of about 55 million contracts, was up 15%, with Eurodollars up 17%, and treasuries up 10%. Clearly, there is an increased focus on the front end of the yield curve and our Fed-watch tool is currently projecting a greater than 75% probability of a December move. Open-interest in the first four quarterly Eurodollar futures contract reached 5.3 million contracts, which is a four-year high. Also, it is nice to see that our year-to-date Fed Funds futures average daily volume is up 70%, to 134,000 contracts per day. Within treasuries, we have increased our cash treasury penetration market share metric to the highest level to date, and have increased by more than 2 percentage points since the beginning of the year, to more than 80%. Over the counter swaps revenues approached $17 million in total during Q3, up from $13 million in Q2. We reached all-time volume records in our Latin America interest rate swaps in September, with $10 billion per day in Mexican peso, and $5 billion per day in Brazilian real. In addition, we have begun to charge for interest rate swap compression services and have compressed over $2.2 trillion since the fees have been implemented. Turning to equities, compared to the same quarter a year ago, S&P 500 volatility dropped substantially with a more normal summer quarter. Our volume was down 12% but compared favorably to the majority of the other equity-related volumes traded elsewhere. For example, we tracked the notional value of the E-mini S&P futures that we trade compared to the SPDR ETF. Last year, in the third quarter, the notional amount traded in our S&P futures was seven times that of the SPDR. This year, in Q3, that ratio jumped to more than 10 times higher. When you think about the all-in cost to trade based on a tight bid offer spread and deep liquidity, we are considerably less expensive. Lastly, within FX, we have seen decent year-over-year growth in volume in September and October, and we have outperformed other FX venues. Most importantly, within FX, we are pleased to see a new record number of large open interest holders in the most recent report in advance of the widely anticipated Fed meeting in December. In summary, through the hard work of our staff, we continue to expand our global footprint and product offerings to create opportunities for our clients and our shareholders. With that, I'm going to turn the call over to John to discuss the financials. Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you, Gill, and good morning, everyone. Our team has been intensely focused on driving global revenue growth, operating our business as efficiently as possible, and returning excess capital to our shareholders. Despite volatility in many asset classes being down significantly from Q3 last year, which included a particularly volatile August in 2015, we were able to come in basically flat in terms of revenue and EPS during the quarter. Volatility by definition does not come in smoothly when comparing periods, and I am pleased to say that our adjusted EPS through three quarters has grown 10% to $3.39 per share. Our adjusted operating expenses excluding license fees were down 1% compared to the third quarter of last year. Our adjusted operating margin expanded slightly from a year ago to almost 66%. Our rate per contract for the quarter was $0.75, down from the prior quarter. This was primarily due to a member/ non-member shift in some of the asset classes that saw lower volatility, like equities. Also, within energy, we had a surge in our lower priced natural gas options which created a negative venue shift. Moving to expenses, excluding license fees and adjustments, our total expense dropped 1% from the prior year to $257 million, and it was down 5% sequentially. Compensation-related expense dropped 2% compared to the last year, and the compensation ratio in Q3 was 15.2%, down slightly from a year ago. Our non-compensation-related expenses were down less than 1% compared to the third quarter of last year. Looking at the non-operating income and expense line, our ownership in the S&P Dow Jones joint venture drove $28.4 million in net earnings from unconsolidated subsidiaries, which was the highest level we have ever achieved. Turning to investment income, we received $2.7 million in dividends from BM&FBovespa. In addition, our investment returns generated through the reinvestment of cash performance bonds and guaranteed fund contributions increased sequentially to $7.3 million from $5.2 million in Q2. This is a result of a higher average net return compared to the prior quarter. For Q3 this year, we had an average net return of 13 basis points. Taxes for the quarter ended at an adjusted 36.6%, which is slightly above where we guided. And now to the balance sheet. At the end of the third quarter, we had almost $1.6 billion in cash, restricted cash and marketable securities, up approximately $260 million from the prior quarter. Earlier this month, we sold down our BM&FBovespa stake to approximately 2.4% and raised approximately $150 million. The brokerage costs were minimal, so the vast majority of that will be included in our cash balance and available when we determine the annual variable dividend. We believe the steady return of capital has differentiated us from our peers, and we believe we are well positioned to continue to supplement our earnings growth with a healthy dividend for years to come. During the quarter, capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances were $23 million. The level of capital expenditures is impacted as we continued to leverage more software and infrastructure as a service, which is included in expense. I now expect CapEx to come in a bit below $100 million for the year, driven by the shedding of our real estate assets and the recent sale of our data center. Last quarter I mentioned the subscription program that we made available for our members. We continue to work with our membership as they weigh the benefits of taking advantage of the program. The take up so far has been relatively small. We've booked about $170,000 in Q3, and with recent conversions, we are approaching a run rate of $3 million per year of new revenue. We recently announced our 2017 pricing schedule. In a targeted fashion, we adjusted the volume discount tiers, incentive plans and the base rates. If volume comes in exactly as it has this year, we would expect transaction fees resulting from the change to increase by 2%. We take a very long term view on pricing changes. Our goal is to increase volumes, which reduces the overall cost to trade on our markets, as we bring in more participants and enhance liquidity. With record volumes in open interest and expanding number of global participants, the value to our customers from transacting in our markets has never been greater. We remain focused on being as efficient as possible. We have been reducing the core operating costs to free up expense dollars to deploy on growth initiatives. We are currently working on our 2017 budget and will report out on our plans next quarter. Last quarter, we adjusted our expense guidance excluding license fees for the second half of 2016 down to $548 million. The guidance remains unchanged, as we have a normal ramp in the fourth quarter for marketing events. We anticipate launching a new retail advertising campaign that will likely impact us in Q4, and we are expecting higher pro fees based on some growth oriented projects that are underway. The guidance translates to less than 1% expense growth in 2016 on this basis. In summary, so far this year, revenue is up $169 million, and our incremental operating margin is 94%. Without license fees, that jumps to about 100%. Our secular growth drivers continued to deliver results with or without volatility. Our efficiency on expenses has been excellent, and since the first of the year, we have returned $1.6 billion in dividends. With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Given the number of analysts who cover us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question so we can get to everyone. Please feel free to get back in the queue if you have any further questions. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our first question from Michael Carrier with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Roger Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right, thanks, guys. Hey, John, maybe first one just on expenses, so, obviously good in the quarter, and when we look at the full year guidance, it looks like the fourth quarter  I know there's seasonality, but there's a decent ramp, I think even relative to maybe last year  a bit higher. So I just wanted to get a sense on what's kind of already in the run rate, meaning that you expect, versus what would be, like, volume based. And I know going into 2017, it's early, but when we think about what you guys have said, kind of longer term in like the low single digit expense growth, just any color that you can give on how much of that is, like, volume oriented, and so if revenues are strong, you'll be at the top end of the range versus the bottom. And I know it's still early, but any color there.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sure, Mike. Thank you. When you take a look at the increase in expenses from Q3 to Q4, really, it's coming in primarily into three categories. One is compensation, which, similar to this quarter last year, included our annual adjustments to the estimates associated with stock-based compensation, which will cause an increase quarter over quarter  or, I'm sorry, quarterly sequentially, an increase in the fourth quarter. There's some timing related to professional fees related to organic growth initiatives between the third and fourth quarter. And the other line, which, similar to prior years, is seasonally higher in the fourth quarter and includes costs associated with marketing and customer-facing events. So to put this into context, we anticipate only a 1% annual increase in organic expenses this year, and we decided not to adjust our guidance. When you take a look at next year, we will update everybody in the fourth quarter's conference call, but we did say that we'd be between the low and mid-single digits, with the higher end of the mid-single digits being due to higher revenue achievement. So the entire team here is extremely focused on expense discipline, and we're carrying that forward into 2017.
Michael Roger Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks a lot.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: And we'll take our next question could from Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Phupinder S. Gill - CME Group, Inc.: Hey, Dan.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: I guess, John, you kind of highlighted your commitment to the dividends, but just want to talk about M&A with, obviously, industry M&A still happening. Can you talk about how you are thinking about maybe transactional versus kind of non-transactional revenue in terms of that context? Or is it really just a focus organically for you guys going forward?
Phupinder S. Gill - CME Group, Inc.: Go ahead.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sure, Dan, thank you. So there really is no change to our view on M&A. We look at M&A with an eye on creating long-term shareholder value. So we definitely pay attention to the marketplace and are constantly looking at opportunities, and when we see something that is long term value enhancing, we'll act on it. With regard to whether or not it is transactional versus non-transactional in nature, really, we look at it more from a point of view on creating long-term shareholder value. So if something does create value and we see that it fits in our business strategically, that's something that we will act on.
Phupinder S. Gill - CME Group, Inc.: Dan, just to add to what John said, I think given the nature of the business we have, vis-a-vis other exchanges, we have six asset classes, we have benchmarks within those asset classes and when you put the focus on client needs, I think it's entirely appropriate for us to  in line with what John said, look at adjacencies that might make sense to our clients. So our length is across the ecosystems of the asset classes that we are engaged in with a view to bring more value to our client base.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you.
Phupinder S. Gill - CME Group, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Allen with Buckingham. Please go ahead.
Chris Allen - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Morning, everyone. I just wanted to ask a question, I guess this is probably for Terry, there's been a bunch of headlines out of the EU with regards to a transaction tax and there's clearly some worries in the US with the potential for the Democrats to gain more control about a transaction tax. So any type of updated thoughts on that and what you guys are hearing maybe out of D.C., and how you are thinking about it moving forward.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks, Chris. I think that this is one of those topics that I have heard forever since I have been here, in the last 35 years, 36 years. You know, people have said  and I have actually read a few reports that if, in fact, Secretary Clinton is to prevail in the presidency and they also prevail in the Senate and the House and control all three branches of the government, that it would be easier to pass a transaction tax. Well, I would say what happened in 2008 when that was the scenario, when President Barack Obama became elected and the Senate and the House both went Democrat, they didn't do anything. We work very hard on working both sides of the aisle to educate people about how they would be putting a very, very large tax on a very small universe of people that provide liquidity for farmers to transfer risk, people to do mortgage hedging, people to do all different hedging in all the asset classes that Mr. Gill just referenced, and if those spreads widened, I have testified many times how you put forth a transaction tax of a couple hundred million dollars, let me show you how it'll cost the consumer several billion dollars by doing so. So, I think as long as we act professional and continue to make the arguments, I'm confident that we won't see such a nonsensical tax, but at the same time, taxes are going to probably continue to go up in some way, shape or form. I don't see it in the size of a transaction tax. You have to remember that around the rest of the world, there are transaction taxes, but not on pure futures. And the ones that do have it are so de minimis, are losing business. So most of the transaction taxes are in securities-based products, which people hold for a period of a lot longer and they have a much larger universe of participants. When you look at our participants, and whatever the number is, I guarantee you, as we get to the bigger participants, that number is much, much smaller. So you would have a huge onus on a very small group of people, as I said earlier, and I just can't see even how our government would look at that, and that's one of the arguments that we have made historically, and I think it resonates. Listen, we've got to feed 9 billion people by 2050 with the same amount of acreage we have today. And if in fact the cost of food goes up significantly because people can't manage risk, that's going be a bad thing for the American people, and I think even the Democratic side of the aisle understands that.
Chris Allen - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thanks, guys.
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Yes, good morning. I just  one comment. Well, I still don't understand the expense increase from 3Q to 4Q, John. I mean this isn't just a little ramp, this is almost double. If you look at the last three-year average from 3Q to 4Q, it's $18 million. You are guiding to a $34 million increase here, this year. What makes this year different than the last three?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Well it's, first off, the increase from  when you take out license fees, the increase from Q4 last year to Q4 this year is a $10 million increase. We did have timing related, some growth oriented projects that shifted between Q3 and Q4. We also, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've got an advertising program that we're expecting to  that we're expecting to launch in the fourth quarter. So that's impacting as well. So as you have seen from what Gill had mentioned, we've got an unprecedented number of new product launches and that's  and part of doing that requires some organic spend. So in total, we decided not to adjust our guidance, and as I mentioned, it's really a 1% annual increase in expenses, and, in fact, if you look at the last two quarters of 2014, and compare that to the last two quarters of 2016, we're flat.
Richard Henry Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Thanks.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. Maybe for Kim. Want to see where CME was in the process of setting up the account with the Fed for the investment of non-house cash? I think a few months ago, you thought it might be completed by now. So where does it stand? And if it is completed or were completed, at this point in time, how much non-house cash could be deposited if the account were, in fact, open?
Kimberly S. Taylor - CME Group, Inc.: I think we have been talking more about house cash.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yep.
Kimberly S. Taylor - CME Group, Inc.: And I think that total, the total house cash that we hold is kind of on the order of $20 billion, fluctuates from day to day. We have our accounts open for the house cash with the Fed, and we're going through the last stages of the testing to make sure that everything will flow appropriately. And then we're still working with the CFTC and the Fed on the non-house cash or what we would call the customer cash, as well.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Any timeline on the non-customer  non-house cash side?
Kimberly S. Taylor - CME Group, Inc.: On the customer cash side, the non-house, that timing is really in the hands of the Federal Reserve and it's not something that is very easy to handicap.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question come from Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Yes, good morning, everyone. Probably for Gill, but maybe for some of the others too. You mentioned, Gill, the uncleared margin rules that came in in September, can you elaborate a little bit in terms of the discussions and what you have seen from clients in terms of, you know, I hear you on NDS, but I think historically you've also talked about uncleared margin rules would drive more uptick in futures. And then, just lastly, who is shifting so far? What kind of customers? Because I think the bigger group of clients coming on in March, so just curious, if you think that's going to be a bigger bump and more dramatic change when those rules come in. Thanks.
Sean Tully - CME Group, Inc.: Sure, Alex, this is Sean jumping in. On the uncleared margin rules, September 1st was the date U.S., Japan, Canada implemented them. The CFTC had a no action relief until October 3rd. The biggest impact, according to the BIS reports, are in rates and foreign exchange. In terms of rates, the biggest new offering that we have out there, that we think could help to relieve some of the challenges that the market faces are swaptions clearing. On swaptions clearings we currently have seven clearing members who have been approved by the risk committee, two new clearing members in the last couple of months, and we are excited that that's a great place to relieve a lot of the uncleared margin requirements in the rates area. Then if you look at the FX market, as you said, the NDF market, we have an NDF marked offering out there. We also clear cash settled forwards. But in addition to that, we've begun working very hard on OTC FX options clearing, and we believe that the combination of all of those products together will be very attractive to market participants. We are working very closely with a set of mark participants on that. In terms of equities, equities according to the BIS reports, is kind of third after those other two asset classes in terms of the impact on the marketplace. We launched on August, late August, a Total Return S&P 500 futures that would nearly replicate the economics of a total return swap. So the OTC equity swaps market. With the no-action relief until October 3rd, we didn't see any trades in that until the week of October 3rd, but that week immediately, we had several participants trade in that first week, about 3,500 contracts. So you are talking about $3.5 billion approximately. And they traded in blocks of about 500 million each. So you had very large participants testing the pipes relative to the equity futures, the equity total returns future. In terms of the next four years, it's only the top 20 or 21 institutions in the world that are affected today. Over the next four years, the expectation is that will become over 2,000 firms. So we do expect it, relative to our focus on it, relative to the new products and services that we are offering that there will be a lot of pain out there that we can help relieve with the new cleared products as well as with futures products
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Morning. So the dealers keep bringing up the topic of the ""skin in the game"" in the clearinghouses and how much capital that CME puts up in terms of the waterfall. What are your current views in terms of maybe additional money that you will need to put in the clearinghouses? And what sort of leverage do the dealers have to try to impact your behavior there?
Phupinder S. Gill - CME Group, Inc.: I'm not sure, and I will ask Kim to join in. I'm not sure about the leverage that the dealers would actually have, but we are actually focused on the "skin in the game" issue itself. As you may or may not know, we pioneered the concept in the late '60s and we are comfortable with "skin in the game", we think it's necessary to have, but we also are very much in tune with respect to the moral hazard issue here. And if you look at our "skin in the game" and what the amount is, there are tons of views out there of the ad hoc views with respect to what that amount should actually be. From our perspective, at the $500 million or so level that we have across the board, it's about the average contribution of each of those firms. All right? And we have affirmatively said that we strongly believe that those that bring risk should be the ones that fund the guarantee fund. We manage the risk that they bring, and we are ultra-comfortable with the levels that we have. Anything to add, Kim?
Kimberly S. Taylor - CME Group, Inc.: I would just expand a little built on the moral hazard point. I mean, I agree with Gill, that we are very big believers in "skin in the game" from the clearinghouse, the clearinghouse needs the alignment of incentives with the clearing member. But the clearing members are very important participants in any kind of default management situation and the mutualization of risk across clearing mechanisms is part of the reason why clearinghouse mechanisms work so effectively. And turning too much of that to the contribution of the CCP up front, could change the dynamics of the risk mechanisms that support a good default management. So the moral hazard is very real and shows up in multiple ways in the process.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great, thanks for the color.
Operator: And we'll take our next question with Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, guys, good morning.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning, Alex.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So just thinking through the dividend policy, and I guess the tradeoff between increasing the variable  increasing the recurring dividend versus a bigger special as we are thinking out over the next year or so. Just curious to get your update on that.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: We feel very strongly that we've got a very good dividend policy between the regular dividend and the annual variable dividend. As you saw this year, we adjusted our regular dividend up 20% to create more of a balance between the annual variable and the regular dividend. So, we are very committed to the policy, and as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, there will be some positive increases in terms of the amount of cash going into the fourth quarter related to our sale down of our stake in BM&F, so that freed up about $150 million in cash that can be used when determining the annual variable dividend.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Sure, I was just thinking, that you know, is the increase in the quarterly something we should expect every year from you guys, or was the event this year kind of one time?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: It's really  it's a board decision, but if you take a look at our past, we've had a policy of consistently increasing our regular dividend, but it's really a board decision, and it's something that we'll be analyzing in the fourth quarter along with the annual variable dividend level.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kyle Voigt with KBW. Please go ahead.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Morning, Kyle.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Just on the energy slide, comparing your WTI versus ICE Brent contract, I think if we look at futures open interest specifically, we aren't seeing necessarily the same shift. So can you help us understand the variance there between open interest and ADV? And I guess, what is driving the increased volume and activity rates in your WTI contract? Thank you.
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah. Hey, Kyle, it's Derek. Thanks for your question. We are actually very excited about the growth rates that we've been able to unlock in our energy complex, and it's a number of factors both that we are controlling for in terms of our ability to both roll out product, acquire new customers, position our benchmark products in what is a market that is shifting structurally in favor of our benchmark products that, whether you look at the lifting of the export ban in crude back in December of 2015, creating a waterborne product that is WTI  we now have a product that the market is increasingly adopting as a global benchmark. As Gill referenced in his earlier comments at the top of the call, our growth in Asia, particularly in our energies franchise, is up in excess of 100%. So adoption and participation in our markets globally is increasing as we are leveraging Bryan's teams on the ground in Europe and in Asia to go access and bring new customers on board. And when we actually think about the energies complex as a whole we're thinking about well beyond just the crude story. We're talking about nat gas as well. So as we talk about the overall franchise on slide nine of the deck that we sent you guys, in the same structural shifts we talked about that are beneficial to our crude business favoring WTI over Brent, we're also seeing some reconnecting of the global nat gas market. On slide nine on the right-hand side, we've got a graph of what we're showing as a reconnecting of the prices of U.S. nat gas, really driven by our physical Henry Hub products, between the prices both in Asia and Germany. And when you look at the market share that we've grown to, we are now 76% market share of the global Henry Hub futures market. That's up from 73% in 2015 and 68% in 2014. So we're excited about as markets converge, the role that the Henry Hub futures complex, the physical part that we launched, will play as a benchmark product pricing in the global nat gas market as those prices disconnect from the crude market and reconnect globally. Also, the open interest levels over the course of this year, we've reached not only record levels of open interest in nat gas, but we're hovering right at all-time highs in our large open interest holders on the futures side. And on the options, as we talked about previously, record levels of electronification in nat gas options and continued growth, our nat gas options business is up over 30% this year.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks. Just staying on the energy theme, can you comment, Derek, about NASDAQ's NFX effort, whether that's actually enhancing your volumes, given the arbitrage between markets? And if that program is expanded over time, is that a net benefit for you, or do you see that actually eventually being sort of a headwind on the incumbent's market shares?
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: When I look at the progress that we've made relative to the business that we've developed, we've got a nice problem. We've got a market that's up over 30% in September volume-wise. As I mentioned, the market share increasing up 70% on the futures side, and our market share relative of the nat gas options is still around 64%, 65%. But what we've really done is we've focused on electronifying the nat gas options business. When you look at what the other offerings are out there, this is a market that's typically been brokered, and we're the ones that have gone from less than 10% electronic in nat gas options to a record of over 40%, as Gill mentioned at the top of the call. And as you've seen us do across products over time, when you focus on functionality and electronic access to your options market, bringing people into the transparent central and order book, we tend to see the velocity of transactions increase, and more important, we can access a global customer base. That's really hard to do in a block market. So we're excited about the progress we've made. The large open interest holder record levels that we're touching on is really a reflection of the increased global adoption of our product set. So we're excited about the multiple records we've hit in nat gas options  ADV, single day record, large open interest holders, as well as the deferred bump (39:49) liquidity that we have built and focused on over the last 12 months as well. Our open interest in months 6 through 12 is up 36%, as we are focusing on the commercial end user customers to bring them into our market, and those are the physical users that are using our product.
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: I would just add to that, particularly out of Asia, which has been a bit of a struggle in the past in terms of the adoption of our energy products, the leader in terms of growth throughout greater China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, as well as within Korea, has unquestionably been in the energy. Those that had traditionally favored the alternative to our WTI have been increasingly adopting our crude, and they've been very noticeably active in the natural gas, and very pleased to see the greater transparency associated with that. So we are going to continue driving that progress within those regions. Same holds true for within greater Europe.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks for the color.
Unknown Speaker: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Vincent Hung with Autonomous. Please go ahead.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP: Hi.
Phupinder S. Gill - CME Group, Inc.: Hi, Vincent.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP: I just wanted to get your take on the FSB paper on CCPs and what global regulators are doing in respect to the systemic risk of CCPs. So where do you expect regulation to go, if anywhere at all?
Phupinder S. Gill - CME Group, Inc.: This is Gill, I'll answer that, and I'll ask Kim to add if she has anything to add. I think the FSB, like all the other regulators, are concerned about CCP resiliency, just as Chan and Massad at the CFTC is, and I think the authorities such as the CFTC are familiar with TCPs, familiar with the risk that TCPs bring, and they are comfortable, I think, with the framework that they have been overseeing for decades. I think the FSB, which includes some of the central banks of the world, that don't necessarily  have not necessarily overseen CCPs are coming to grips to what those mean. They're looking at various and sundry scenarios. And this is all part and parcel of the knock-on effects of the crisis of 2008. On our part, we're working very hard to educate to the extent that we can, and also contribute to the debate, to the extent that we are allowed to.
Kimberly S. Taylor - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, I would just add a couple of things. Gill mentioned the kind of varying perspectives of different regulators, and one of the things  part of our advocacy is to help educate regulators that are newer to the regulation of clearinghouses or CCPs. Because although the G20 and the regulation have pushed products into clearing mechanisms because clearing mechanisms worked in the crisis, the interesting thing is that now they are thinking about slightly changing the way clearing mechanisms need to work. So we want to make sure that clearing mechanisms maintain their effectiveness, and our advocacy is in that regard with respect to flexibility and crisis management, and the ability to have strong risk management programs.
Vincent Hung - Autonomous Research US LP: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Rob Rutschow with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Rob Rutschow - CLSA Americas LLC: Hi, good morning.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Good morning.
Phupinder S. Gill - CME Group, Inc.: Morning.
Rob Rutschow - CLSA Americas LLC: Just a question on RPC. You mentioned in the press release a negative mix shift in equities and energy. Is that purely just mix in terms of customers, or are you seeing end customers take actions to try to reduce their RPCs? And in addition, the advertising you mentioned in the fourth quarter, is that geared towards trying to drive more non-member activity?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sure, this is John. I'll take it, and I will ask Derek to comment specifically on the energy side. So within equities, we had a higher proportion of member trading. And in energy, we had two factors. One is we had a larger proportion of member trading than last quarter, with member volumes up 19% and non-members up 15%. We also saw a large increase in the use of our electronic natural gas options, which are lower priced than ClearPort. And Derek, if you want to comment on what you're seeing in terms of options trading, that would be great. But before we do that, I will just mention, in terms of the advertising campaign, yes, it's geared towards more retail and non-members. So with that, I will hand it over to Derek on the options.
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, on the nat gas side, as John mentioned, there's two things going on. Number one, you have seen us build into sustainable growth and options markets by making sure that we can build those marks electronically. So we can market that liquidity globally. We've faced a market structure in nat gas options a year ago that was 95% brokered, less than 5% traded on screen. So every time we shifted businesses from a brokered market onto the screen we have done that because our experience has shown that you create a sticky ecosystem of user participants by bringing them into the central of an order book. The downside of that is you end up giving up our block surcharge, when we charge people an excess amount for dealing outside of the central of an order book. So it's been a very disciplined approach to move that business on screen. So we are finding a great deal of success moving from less than 10% electronic, to a record of 44% electronic earlier this year, I think in August and September. So it's a shift that we have anticipated, a shift we've undertaken in other markets as we've globalized and electronified them, and with the business up 31%, typically you also start to move through volume tiers as well. So we consider this a first world problem relative to volumes growth and a disciplined move on to a central order book.
Rob Rutschow - CLSA Americas LLC: Great, thank you.
Derek L. Sammann - CME Group, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator:  And we have a follow-up question from Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Yes, hey, hello, again. I guess a couple of follow-ups. I will start on market data. I don't think you have mentioned it, but I think you've given some guidance in the past there, it was down sequentially. Any updated views of how that should be trending in the next quarter, maybe even 2017, as people trade in their memberships, and things like that? Or their screens rather.
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: Hi, it's Bryan. First of all, just to give you a little color since the elimination of the electronic fee waiver has been effect for almost a year, wherein all of our professional users are paying the full market data subscribers fee, our revenues and our subscribers remain stable. Now as we continue to advance our market data and IP growth opportunities, we have been performing a holistic assessment of our current program, and our assessment indicates that there are opportunities to extract additional value and revenues from our assets. So, for example, in 2017, we expect that the manner in which we charge for our core market data services will be modified to tailor our fees in a more targeted fashion. Our approach to charging trading and non-trading participants will be modified to address the global nature of this business, and the various subscriber profiles that are consuming our data. So we believe our current pricing schema does not fully capture the value Alex described to these different user segments. And just to give you a recent example of our targeted approach, I think I referenced at the last call, that we are increasingly commercializing our derived and historical market data offerings. So with respect to derived data, there are increasing opportunities and there's a significant pipeline of demand for our data IP, as the demand for the development of external product continues to increase. Now, this clearly has been an area of revenue opportunity for us that we plan to drive greater growth, and it's been typically referenced in the past as core market data. So we will be separating that out increasingly, and going after those opportunities on a derived basis. I think you also may be aware of our recent announcement of our new historical market data platform, which we just recently introduced in conjunction with TickSmith. To the usable, data needs to be instantly accessible and we have done that with our recent introduction of TickVault. Data users now can browse a data catalog, subscribe to the content needed and access it via the web interfaces and APIs almost instantaneously. So this is making data access easy, and it's responsive to the global demand that we've been hearing. So we see more opportunities to extract more value in that regard. So that just gives you a taste of how we are relooking at the assets from the market data and IP perspective.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: Sorry, go ahead.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sorry. Just one more point on that. When I'd look at the fourth quarter, I think market data will be in the neighborhood of $100 million.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: All right great. That was more color than expected, so thanks for that. I guess just moving on, since we are in follow-up mode here. On the membership, new membership opportunity, I think you said it's a little bit disappointing relative to what you expected. So can you just talk about the feedback that you have gotten? Is it basically people saying your stock is a good value, we like the dividends, we'll keep it? Or any other reasons why maybe the take up has not been as high as you expected?
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Sure. I wouldn't say it wasn't as high as we expected. I think we're right now at about a $3 million run rate per year in terms of  in terms of the amount that we had anticipated  that we gave out in terms of take up. So although it's only 173  $170,000 for the quarter, we are at a $3 million run rate. So, it does take times for firms to make these decisions, as you indicated. They are weighing the annual variable dividend that they get in the fourth quarter by  or into the first quarter as  for holding our shares, so they take a look at that. Also, we think it's beneficial for new members coming in, especially those from overseas, that were holding CME stock and having that amount of capital is prohibitive. So, that takes time to work through the system. So, in terms of the overall opportunity being about $40 million, we're at roughly 10% of that and it's only been out for just a couple of months. So, for us, this is really nothing but upside for us.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: And then, just one last one. Apologies in advance. But, you mentioned the retail advertising. Any particular reason why you are so focused on retail right now? I mean, can you just remind us how big retail is for you? Is this a global campaign? Is this just a US campaign and why now? Why do you think there's an opportunity in retail?
Bryan T. Durkin - CME Group, Inc.: Definitely a global campaign. And we have been working towards this for the past several years cultivating opportunity and growth from this retail segment. And to give more focus on it this past year, we actually separated it out as a distinct client segment line, headed up by a gentleman that's been leading it for a number of years on our behalf, Mark Omens. Now, as we see the growth happening across our asset classes, it's representing a very significant revenue stream for us, looking at it from the non-member perspective as well. And we see that across all of our asset classes. It's one of the fastest growing segments that we've seen. Terry?
Terrence A. Duffy - CME Group, Inc.: Yeah, no, I agree with that. I think that when you look at a revenue coming out of our traditional retail, the way we measured it basically next to nothing, and then putting in roughly a couple hundred million dollars I think last year alone and coming from the retail side of the business the upside is just extraordinary. We have I think somewhere in the neighborhood of 4% of the retail trade globally, and if we could just double that, you can imagine what the revenue could do for this company. So, we are taking a strong look at that. I think what's important is here we are not targeting the mom and pops on the street. When we call retail, we are talking about participants that are in the market today, trading anywhere from 10 contracts to 20 contracts a day already. And we are trying to harness that into the business. What I think is also fascinating is when you look at some of these discount retail equity brokers traditionally, they are starting to merge together, the ones that offer futures. So that only bodes well for us to concentrate just more among people that are already offering these products.
Alex Kramm - UBS Securities LLC: All right, thanks. I was here plenty of time, thanks.
John W. Pietrowicz - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And it appears we have no further questions so I would like to turn the conference over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
John C. Peschier - CME Group, Inc.: Thank you very much. And for some closing remarks, the entire team at CME is focused on maximizing our secular drivers and taking advantage of the structural changes in our markets. We are operating the business as efficiently as possible. Let me illustrate that for you. When you compare the first three quarters of 2014 with the first three quarters of 2016, we have grown the top line over $400 million and our adjusted expenses are down $23 million, while continuing to innovate and launch many successful new products. So thank you very much for joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at any time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Peschier - Managing Director, IR Phupinder Gill - CEO John Pietrowicz - CFO Sean Tully - Senior Managing Director, Financial and OTC Products Kim Taylor - President, Global Operations, Technology and Risk Derek Sammann - Senior Managing Director, Commodities and Options products Bryan Durkin - Chief Commercial Officer
Analysts: Ken Worthington - JP Morgan Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill Chris Allen - Buckingham Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Warren Gardiner - Evercore Kyle Voigt - KBW Rob Rutschow - CLSA Andrew Bond - RBG Capital Markets Alex Kramm - UBS
Operator: Good day and welcome to the CME Group Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier: Thank you for joining us this morning. Gill and John will spend a few minutes discussing the results and then we will open up the call for your questions. Terry, Bryan, Derek, and Sean are on the call as well and will participate in the Q&A session. Before they begin, I will read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, which are available on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Gill.
Phupinder Gill: Thank you, Mr. Peschier, and thank you all for joining us. It was another solid quarter for us, average daily volume in Q2 rose by 13%, the same close rate as our record first quarter. We had double-digit growth again from each of our bankside client groups, including asset managers, hedge funds, proprietary trading firms, corporate and retail. Despite the recent slowdown in volatility post-Brexit as measured by the VIX, we are trading up 10% compared to last year. We were pleased to set an open interest record in the second quarter of over 115 million contracts, and we are near peak in our large open interest holding data in several product areas.  This morning, I will start with our secular drivers and then I will shift to a few product highlights. We have consistently expanded our global participation in spite of the challenging macro environment. We saw robust electronic trading activity outside the U.S., with Asia up-trending 1% versus Q2 last year. Latin America rose 16% and Europe rose 12%. Following the Brexit announcement, we had significant activity from outside the U.S., with 5.3 million contracts traded in Europe, and 1.9 million contracts traded from Asia the day after. In Q2, the electronic volume from outside of the U.S. was 24%. In July, that had jumped to 27%, and the day after Brexit 29% of the activity was outside of the U.S. In Europe, volumes in five of our product areas grew by more than 20%, with the strongest growth in energy and equities, and the year-to-date ABV up 38% and 35%, respectively. In Asia, Q2 ABV and energy rose by more than 140% and metals volumes jumped more than 80%. Latin America growth was also led by energy. In addition to the country of origin information that we share with you, we also track electronic volume for our 24-hour trading day. In Q2, volume during the Asian rounds grew by almost 40%, from 260,000 contracts per day last year to 360,000 this quarter. During European rounds, from 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM Central Time, volume grew from 750,000 per day to 1.1 million per day, up almost 45%.  Turing to our efforts in options, we remain the leader relative to other global exchanges, with Q2 options rising 15% and electronic options average daily volume rising 23%, to 1.7 million contracts. In Q2, the percentage of options that traded on Globex reached an all-time high, of 57%, up from 51% in Q1. We saw the highest electronic percentage to date in interest rates, energy, and metals. Electronic options reached a record quarterly AVB of 345,000, up 26% from the prior year. Lastly, in June, we are at the highest month ever in total VP options products, with 495,000 contracts per day, up 57%. Moving on to our commodities portfolio, we had a very aggressive quarter, with energy, eggs and metals each up more than 20% in revenue. We also set new records for large open interest holders in metals and eggs, reaffirming that global customers continue to manage their commodities market risk exposures at CME Group. We track substitute products very closely, and we have out-performed peers in crude futures, crude options, natural gas futures, natural gas options, gold and copper so far in 2016. Energy was particularly strong, with Q2 average yearly volume of 2.3 million contracts, and July has continued to be robust, with volumes up 20%. In Q2, crude was up 38%, natural gas rose 17%, and refined products increased 18%. The European and Asian activity in energy mentioned earlier highlights our extremely focused attention on our customers globally and the growing relevance of our product set. Growth in energy options has been meaningful, WPI options volume rose more than 20% to more than 180,000 contracts per day, while natural gas options were up almost 20% as well. Within energy options, we have grown from 49% electronic in Q1 to 53% in Q2, and after 57% so far this month, energy ABV in the second quarter was the second highest quarter ever, behind the record first quarter this year. Our metals business during the quarter was phenomenal. Volume was up 41% and transactional revenues rose 35%. Our precious metals average daily volume was up 43% while copper rose 33% versus a year ago. Options activity was strong, up 32% compared to last year. Metals had the second best quarter ever, and we have outperformed substitute products at other exchanges by a significant amount. We were also able to achieve multiple all-time open interest records in copper, as well as set the all-time record for large open interest orders in both gold and silver in July. Last but not least, our agricultural business had its highest volume quarter in our history. Ag options rose 26% and futures were 22%. Soybeans led the way, up 49%, while corn soybean meal, and hard-grain winter wheat, each grew more than 20%. It is worth nothing that there are increasing expectations of the likelihood of La Nia. We would expect that to impact both agricultural volumes as well as benefiting our natural gas markets. Turning to financial products and starting with interest rates, average daily volume in Q2 was up 3% and year-to-date, we are up 7%. Within Europe, our options volume increased 28% during the second quarter. Recently, we have had progress developing liquidity and trading on the screen, with electronic percentage increasing from 23% to 25% from Q1 to Q2. Also, the electronic volume during the U.S. hours when the pits are open continues to increase significantly. Tech front futures continue to be robust as we have seen that expectations move around -- during and after the Brexit vote. Tech front futures averaged more than 142,000 contracts per day in Q2, up almost 140%. In addition, we spoke about the successful launch of the Ultra ten-year product last quarter, and volume has jumped from 35,000 contracts per day to over 60,000, and July is tracking at that same level. We've launched Swaptions clearing in the second quarter, with five approved clearing members now cleared dealer to dealer and cut from the trades. In addition to Swaptions, our recently launched Brazilian real clearing offering began clearing in June and we are now at 24 participants who have cleared their product thus far. We continue to out-perform other related markets, indicating the proportion of activity shifting to our interest rate futures and options. For example, while we are up 7% year-to-date in interest rate volumes global dealer to client swap of clearing volumes were down 10% in the dollar fixed to floating market. We continue to capture market share in treasuries, which we talked about before, as cash treasuries are down 5%, while our treasury futures are flat. Our open interest rates continues to hit record elevated levels, with up to 50 million contracts in March and June, while rate-related open interest at most of the exchanges peaked several years ago. Turning to equities, AVB was up 25% in Q2 to almost three million contracts. And as I mentioned, we are seeing great participation from clients around the world. We had solid activity in equity options, which drew 24% during the quarter. We were particularly pleased with the record of more than 440,000 equity options that traded post-Brexit before the U.S. market even opened. In addition, last week we announced the launch of S&P 500 total return index futures and the S&P 500 carry-adjusted total return index futures. These innovative products are intended to mimic the economics of total returns swap in futures form, allowing swap dealers and their clients to avoid higher costs as a result of new swap margin rules that are expected on September 1. This is another example of CME Group's ongoing commitment to meet the changing needs of our clients in an evolving global marketplace. The S&P 500 total return index futures will be available to trade by BTIC which is dated trade index opposing, and will further expand the U.S. major index BTIC offering, which traded a record $32 billion in Valley [ph] during Q2. Lastly, our FX business was down 7% in Q2, as the trading environment was challenging due to Brexit. So far this year, we have outperformed the two largest FX platforms in terms of trading activity versus last year. Our FX markets performed very well during the post-Brexit day, but the markets were active and we had record British-spun activity, with more than 500,000 contracts traded that day.  Speaking of Brexit, we were very busy after the results came in, particularly before the U.S. hours. We had a record 350 million messages to process and as the slide in our previous presentation shows, we handled it without any issues. This is a tribute to our hard working colleagues, who were ready to handle strong activity when volatility spiked. We have had a tremendous opportunity during the last few months to deeply engage with our global clients as market rules continue to evolve, with uncertainty post-Brexit, and also the upcoming implementation of margin for uncleared swaps. We have been talking to folks about the great regulatory uncertainty and the U.S. regulations and, based on the results of this quarter, it is clear customers on every continent are comfortable with the U.S. regime. This was further solidified by the recognition and permanent QCCP status in Europe that we received in June. The next potential catalyst for increased exchange trading and swaps clearing is in about five weeks, when the first phase begins to the market requiring daily initial margin and variation margin to the exchange of the bilateral non-centrally cleared portfolios in the U.S. There will be a 10-week margin of risk that will be put in place for uncleared swaps and there will be less netting available, compared to the five-day period for cleared swaps and generally one to two days for futures and options. Based on many client discussions, we are accelerating internal product development to try to create a solution that can provide relief for participants, including intermediaries and end clients. I mentioned the S&P 500 total return index futures launch prior to September 1. Within our interest rate of FX areas, we are examining multiple new product ideas and looking at product construction. Within FX opportunities we are working on include clearing for OTC FX options and nondeliverable forwards. In addition, within rates, we believe this could be a catalyst for our Swaptions business and we're getting inbound calls from customers about ideas. Lastly, I mentioned Repo clearing last quarter and we continue to make significant progress on the operational side in terms of technology and clearing and we're working closely with large banks, asset managers and hedge funds. In addition, we are planning to be operationally prepared to launch very soon after regulatory approval. In summary, we continue to expand our global footprint and product offerings to create opportunities for our clients and our shareholders. We have worked hard to position the Company for success in a world that needs transparent, clear solutions for risk management now more than ever.  With that, I'm going to turn the call over to John to discuss the financials. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thank you, Gill, and good morning, everyone. Our team has been intensely focused on driving global revenue growth, operating our business as efficiently as possible, and returning excess capital to our shareholders in a consistent manner. As Gill mentioned, we had another excellent quarter. Total revenue was up 11% compared to a very strong quarter in Q2 last year, with four of our six product areas delivering more than 20% revenue growth. Our adjusted expenses, excluding license fees, were flat with the second quarter of last year so almost all of the incremental revenue drop to the operating income line. Our adjusted operating margin extended by 3 percentage points from a year ago, and adjusted EPS was up more than 15% for the second quarter in a row.  This quarter we removed amortization from our adjusted results, and we provided a summary of the impact on prior quarters, both in our earnings, presentation deck, as well as in the income statement print file we post on our website. This change puts the reporting of our adjusted results in line with our U.S. exchange peers.  Our rate per contract for the second quarter was $0.782, up from $0.756 in Q1, due primarily to a positive shift in product mix, which was slightly offset by the member/non-member mix. Market data revenue was $103 million, up slightly from the prior quarter. Moving to expenses, excluding license fees and adjustments, our total expense was $270 million, exactly where we were in Q2 2015, which I am pleased to report, along with a solid topline growth. For the first half of the year, on this basis, we were at $534 million, up about one-half of one percent. For the second half, I would expect expenses to be about $548 million. The increase from the first half is based on our heavier spend on customer-related activity in Q4 and the acceleration of product development, which Gill alluded to. We will be lower than our initial guidance at the beginning of the year, which included amortization and excluded license fees by $4 million. Instead of being up 1%, we are guiding to a half percent increase on that basis. We are ending the quarter with approximately 2,640 employees, up 40 from last quarter, driven primarily by entry level hires and hires in lower-cost locations. Our compensation ratio for Q2 came in at 14.5%, and is down from 17% in Q2 of last year. Looking at the non-operating income and expense line; our ownership in the S&P-Dow Jones joint venture drove more than $27 million in net earnings from unconsolidated subsidiaries, up slightly from Q1. Turning to investment income, we received $2.6 million in dividends from BVMF [ph]. In addition, our investment returns rated through reinvestment of cash performance bonds and guaranty fund contributions during Q2 decreased sequentially, to $5.2 million, from $7 million in Q1. This is a result of lower average daily investment balances from the prior quarter and our net return during Q2 was 9 basis points. While we have been approved to establish an account with the Fed for house cash, it is not live yet and we continue to work through the operational details.  Turning to taxes. For the quarter, we ended at an adjusted 36.5%, which is where we guided. And now to the balance sheet. At the end of the second quarter, we had $1.34 billion in cash, restricted cash and marketable securities.  During the second quarter, capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances were $20 million, as we continue to leverage more software and infrastructure as a service, which is included in expense. We originally guided to $115 million to $120 million for the year. I'm going to reduce that by $15 million, to $100 million to $105 million based on efficiency efforts and timing. One final item I want to outline today is the new program we have available for equity members. These firms are required to hold shares in CME Group Class A common stock in addition to seats to receive equity membership privileges. Under the terms of the program, participants may substitute the assignment of their required shares by paying us a monthly subscription. Currently, there are 370 institutions that are required to hold CME Group Class A common shares as part of their equity membership. A typical equity member's required to hold 20,000 shares per exchange in addition to seats. For most of the equity members, the subscription rate will be $7,500 per month per exchange. This will provide choice for the firms and potentially allow them to free up capital to deploy in other ways. Each of the 370 firms will have full discretion on whether or not to participate in the program. The timing on their evaluation and decision to participate is expected to lead to an orderly share lease over time and should be easily absorbed by the market. As it is unclear on the participation level, we will update you next quarter on the uptake. At a 50% participation level, we would generate an estimated $20 million of incremental annual revenue and up to $40 million if all equity members switched to the monthly subscription. In summary, I'm very pleased with the hard work this quarter across the entire business. Our secular growth drivers continue to deliver results, with or without volatility, our efficiency on expenses has been excellent, and since the first of the year, we have returned $1.4 billion in dividends.  With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Given the number of analysts who cover us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question, so we can get to everyone. Please feel free to get back into the queue if you have any further questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ken Worthington from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning, thank you for taking my question. I'm still very interested in this account for house cash concept. So can you share maybe some of the operational details that you're working through? I can't really tell if they'll be interesting or not, but thinking they may be. And then when would you expect that to go live? This year? Next year? How quickly does that go fully operational?
Kim Taylor: Hi Ken, it's Kim. The operational details are not very interesting, actually. What we're working with the Fed on the setup for the account. I think we would anticipate that we would have the account active before the end of this year, probably in like a two- to three-month time frame. And right now it's available for house accounts only, and so that would be the amount of cash that we would have available to invest in it potentially.
Ken Worthington: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Rich Repetto from Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Rich Repetto: Yes, good morning, Gill. Good morning, John. Thanks, Gill, for the -- you know, you did an extensive product volume and even geographic review of how you're doing, how well you're doing. I guess my question is, do you guys target or -- what new products can actually impact your volume or your revenue, in a year's time frame if you assume -- I know this isn't reality, but if you assume a similar environment, what do you try to expect to get from these new products as a company, as an exchange? And then I guess the follow-up would be -- which are the big ones, which products are most impactful for that?
Phupinder Gill: Rich, I'll start and then ask Derek and Shawn to comment if they want to. I think when you talk about product innovation here, you are always facing the uncertainty if it will be successful or not, but what we have started doing, particularly in the last six to seven years, and they've had a comprehensive plan, and part of that plan is talking to clients on a very broad basis. So in previous calls, we've spoken to you about the number of folks that tune into spend seminars that we put on, and that's an indication to us. And one example is the Ultra 10 ten-year bond that we launched and enthusiasm behind the bond and the corresponding volume that we got since launch has been great. And so we've got a pipeline on both the commodities side and the financial side, and our guys are pretty excited about some of the prospects there, so, I'll tell you, though, if Sean could comment on some of those things and then Mr. Sammann can talk about others.
Sean Tully: Sure. In terms of the bottom line -- Gill on that since we were doing 60,000 contracts a day. So you can look at our rates, our PC, which will be available, and see that we're running at currently as several million dollars a year in terms of revenues, in terms of the run rate. If you look at Mexican pesos, so in our interest rate swaps clearing business, we now offer 19 currencies relative to the large competitor offering 17 currencies, so we've got two now unique value propositions in terms of currencies, both the Mexican peso and the Brazilian real. In terms of the Mexican peso, we have 1.5 million a month, is our current run rate. So while it is a small-time fee, it's actually having a significant impact on that business. If you look at the Brazilian real, as Gill mentioned on the call, we're hitting critical mass in the month of June. To put it into perspective, a launch takes time for the new products to gain traction relative to building a critical mass of participants. In the month of June, we had a $5 billion equivalent total volume cleared. In the month of July -- sorry, that was in the month of May: $5 billion in the month of May. In the month of June, we had $35 billion. The Brazilian real, again, is a unique value proposition relative to our large competitor, it's a larger currency than the Mexican peso, so we do expect eventually to make more on the Brazilian real than we are currently making on the Mexican peso. We've had big success in our equity products that we launched in November of last year. The dividend futures, which we've spoken about, are running about 1,000 a day; the bigger and more exciting thing there relative to future growth is we've got over 50,000 contracts in open interest. In terms of BTIC, we're trading this on the S&P 500; in particular, we're trading over 5,000 contracts a day. If you look at new products, we hope that they drive to 3% or so of our topline growth. We have other new products that we're launching with Swaption; as I've said, it takes a while to build critical mass; with the Brazilian real, it took us from August of last year until June of this year to start getting at critical mass. We do expect with U.S. dollar Swaptions to hit critical mass hopefully in fourth quarter and begin to see significant growth starting then. So we see strong growth across each of our product areas with topline of 3% plus. Derek, do you want to jump in?
Derek Sammann: Yes, I think it's -- from a product launch perspective, you know, Rich, we try to look at this in terms of either client need, market structure shift, and what is changing in the environment that provides an opportunity for us to provide a service that is not offered by someone out there. Another thing about product development opportunities is where there are global benchmarks that might be in disrepair or broken benchmarks, the client's not able to manage the risk the way they could. Those are market entry opportunities for us.  For example, our move into aluminum 18 months ago was a result of customers not being able to access their structural aluminum, get it out of their warehouses. So the growth in market share and revenue generation in our copper business has been largely helped by our entry in the aluminum market. In fact, Miller Coors announced just last month that they're going to be shifting their price benchmark from their North American aluminum procurement to the CME-based product that we launched 18 months ago. Looking forward, another area of product opportunity in development is where we can add products to our overall portfolio. So as Gill mentioned, we expect record revenue generation in our agricultural products business. We announced last month that we will be launching European wheat contracts this year, and that's filled out what is already a globally utilized contract with a product that addresses any shortcomings in the current product. So great opportunities there getting into our product portfolio services, making it easier from a capital perspective or a corporation operational aspect perspective for our customers to manage all their risks, that's been our focal point for product development.
Rich Repetto: Okay, thanks for that 3% time, Sean. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Chris Allen from Buckingham. Please go ahead.
Chris Allen: Good morning, guys. I'm just kind of curious. I see some great strength in agriculture and metals this quarter, and I think, Gill, you alluded to some of them driven by weather. I was trying to also kind of think about moving forward: where the growth is likely to come from here? Does it come from here, from current levels, and there's been some articles about Chinese retail investors getting involved in metals future trading and agricultural future trading. I just wonder -- is there any sense for what is sustainable moving forward, or what's been cyclical, and what gives you confidence maybe to grow from current levels?
Phupinder Gill: Chris, as you pointed out, there's a regional growth starts story here, particularly outside of the U.S. and on the commodities front, it's been particularly strong coming from Asia, in both the energy and metals front.
John Pietrowicz: Yes, I think we're particularly excited about the numbers we've been sharing with you guys about the commodities still current that we're growing in Asia. If you look at the energy revenues regenerated year-to-date, energy revenues is now representing almost 35% of the total revenues we're generating out of China and greater China as a whole. Our business in greater China being Hong Kong, China and Taiwan is up 227%. The metals, that specifically is our second biggest revenue source in the same region, and that's up 61%. So the opportunities that we've got when we own the -- on the metals side, our ability to position ourselves as a global benchmark in region with the sales efforts Brian and his team have been putting forth in region to make sure that we're attracting a customer base with global liquidity by time zone as well. That's how we see the opportunity continues to build international community. I'll also add that if you look at the importance of the commercial customers to the commodities complex as a whole, we continue to focus on them being a primary driver of our access, because as you address those end user customer needs, that brings the other market participants across the bank, the others don't want to be where the end user customers are. So whether you look at the revenue growth of the franchise as a whole, the record level of large open interest versus the record level of the open interest as well, layered on top of the China growth, it tells a story of globalizing participation in our markets and globalizing access to those global participant bases on the commercial side.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Michael Carrier from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Michael Carrier: Just a question on the cash. So if we look at it unsequentially, it seems like -- as much. I know that dividends increase in a year or two. I just wanted to get a sense if there's anything from a timing standpoint, or maybe from the CAPEX standpoint. It just seemed a little bit less than expected.
John Pietrowicz: Sure, Mike. It's not unusual for our cash balance to grow slower in Q2. The primary reason is that we have two tax payments in this quarter, and for this quarter, it was $416 million. And we also have our regular dividend of $202 million that happened this quarter, so it's not unusual for Q2 to be slower on quarter in terms of cash bill. So we have tremendous leverage in our business model and we've been able to return $1.4 billion in dividends year-to-date, so obviously that is a cash impact.
Michael Carrier: Okay, that makes sense. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Bedell: All right, thanks. Just anything you can cover about market data in terms of what the prospect is for some more pricing increases in that for 2017 and then other programs -- and then also the program that you talked about, John: is that revenue included -- would that revenue fall into the market data declines?
Brian Durkin: Hi, I'll take the market data; this is Brian. First of all, we've been monitoring closely our subscriber base since we implemented the full fare back in January and we're pleased to see we're not seeing any substitute reductions or consolidations in that regard. With that in mind, we've really been focused on developing new opportunities for revenue. One of the areas that we have increased emphasis on is our development of dry data and it's representing a very nice revenue stream for us. So you can expect to see more activities on that end. While we haven't announced any time of price increase in 2017, we will be expecting an increase that will impact certain segments and offerings associated with our market data.
John Pietrowicz: So Brian, in terms of the new subscription plan, the purpose of the program is to provide our members flexibility. So the members either can hold our shares or they can free up those shares and pay us a subscription fee, so this gives our members a choice on how to deploy their capital and ultimately may make it easier for potential new members, especially those international members who may find holding CME shares prohibitive. So it's good for our current members, it's good for our potential new members, and it's good for CME because we will be generating recurring revenue from that payment and it's likely going to show up in our Other revenue line, not necessarily in the Market Data line. And obviously this is all incremental to our bottom line.
Brian Bedell: And the range is $20 million to $40 million, based on your estimate.
John Pietrowicz: Yes, is about a 50% take-up. It's about $20 million, and if all members chose to do this program it would be $40 million. We don't have a clear line of sight in terms of what uptake will be, so we'll be able to update you next quarter, or as it rolls out.
Brian Bedell: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Warren Gardiner of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Warren Gardiner: Great, thanks. Just going back to the last question on market data; derived data. I was just curious how interested you guys are, or to what extent you kind of explored adding to that business and, organically, just additional analytics or other clues that some of your peers have? Just maybe broaden and maybe improve your overall value added to that offering?
Brian Durkin: We're certainly open to any opportunities that can augment or enhance the strong and robust business that we have with respect to market data. As I've indicated, there are tools that we have at our disposal right now as we're developing new products internally that we really haven't leveraged to the degree that we believe that we can. Part of that is in the derived data space and developing new products as a result of that. So we're certainly happy to look at any opportunity to map the great robust business that we have today.
John Pietrowicz: Just to add to that, one thing to remember is we do have a data investment in RJV with S&P. So that's an area that is also looking to grow and we're looking at nonorganic opportunities as well. So we're not only participating directly through, as Brian indicated, our data business here, but we'll also be participating with our S&P partners with the joint venture.
Warren Gardiner: All right, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Kyle Voigt from KBW. Please go ahead.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just have a question on pricing. So it looks like you began charging for brand trading in July for non-market makers. Can you give us more color on why you thought it was the right time to make this move? Whether or not you see any material difference in client trading activity since you made the change? And lastly whether there are any plans to end the incentives for market makers in the future? Thank you.
Brian Durkin: Hi Kyle. I think we've been building our market share in Branson [ph], really building our global participation in Branson. When you build markets you enter where the companies are, already present, you need to answer by providing incentives to make it easier to access and make it not too economically painful. So what we've done over the last probably 24 months or so: we've looked at the traction we've gotten, 10%, 12%, 13%. We now actually wrote out our brand options market as well last quarter. And we're at a point now where we said we think we've got a sustainable participation level across the pie chart as a whole.  Energy's up 25%, we've always said breadth [ph] is an important part of the story. The market is telling us it wants to trade on UTI. And we look at the differential fortunes between what's happening between what happens on the WTI side of the fence where our business is up about 45% to 48% and now breadth is up about 19%. The market's telling you it wants to trade on the WTI side of the ledger. So we've been successful in the commercial side of participation, and we believe at this point we're happy to be able to start to scale back some of those incentives, that liquidity itself is sufficient to maintain participation in the market. So any time market incentives are in place, they're always by nature temporary. If you have a successful value proposition that will hold, once you remove the incentives. And I think the overall performance of franchise speaks to the success and value we're bringing to the commercial participants.
Kyle Voigt: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Rob Rutschow from CLSA. Please go ahead.
Rob Rutschow: Hi, good morning. I believe the other exchanges in the excluded amortization of purchased intangibles argue that they're acquisitive and doing acquisitions as part of their business model. So I'm wondering if the change in the disclosure for you guys is a reflection of the change in your outlook on doing deals, or if it's just a change -- or just a belief that the market's not appropriately accepting the earnings. And if it's the latter, I believe the former CEO said that large deals are very unlikely. I don't believe we've heard Gill say that, so is large scale still very unlikely or are you looking to do some more acquisitions moving forward?
John Pietrowicz: Hi Rob, this is John. Our view on M&A hasn't changed. We will be looking at all potential M&As to create shareholder value and grow in our strategic point of view, so we'll evaluate all opportunities. With regard to why we changed PI amortization, all our other U.S. exchange peers have taken amortization out of their earnings. Bath[ph 39;55] came out last quarter, excluding it, TIVO removed it from their results. We thought it was important to exclude it so the investing community can have an apples-to-apples comparison with the other exchanges.
Rob Rutschow: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Andrew Bond from RBG Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Andrew Bond: Thanks, good morning. So when we look at your energy business, there is obviously a lot of positive takeaway that is fundamental and innovation on your part. The gross income that you're now seeing in competition from hedge pack and effect will continues to grow with interest rate lower priced. I'm wondering if you can give us your take on the factor as well from what you're hearing from customers, do you believe they're more likely to becoming more significant direct volumes or pricing generally?
Derek Sammann: Hi Andrew, it's Derek. I'll take that. I think if you start to look at the franchise as a whole, energy's business up 25%, we're seeing significant growth uptake on the WTI side. You're also seeing significant growth on the electronics side of our business. So when you're coupling that with the huge growth we're seeing in the core franchise we're seeing large open interest order, record levels, were seeing commercial participation and revenues generation from the commercial participants at record levels. We actually find that our business as a whole is beyond just any singular particular product slice. But when we talk about individual views on natgas itself, our natgas franchise year-to-date is up 12% and revenue is actually down 4% to natgas and we'll go to a pre-natgas launch, we are about 65% of the natgas auctions market natgas is about 35. If you look at the rolling 60-day average, we've actually increased our market share since FX was launched, with 68% isis and 20%, and FX is about 12%. So when you actually look at in our two-man race, we were 65% of the market and in the three-man race, we're 67% of the market; that's a bigger market. So when you talk to our customer, what's important to them is a full range of products and services inside the asset class. So when you think about it at 76% market share, we have in the natgas futures the growing percentage of market share, which we're getting paid by our customers to deliver, on top of this fact that our overall franchise and TI -- I mean, if you talk about the footprint we're generating in China right now: that's what our customers want access to. They want access to global prices, they want access to a promised rate of global participation from the commercial side and the international footprint side, and we're in a process of electronifying the natgas options business because that's what makes you sticky. I want to remind everybody that when you look at the natgas value prop, they said, we're going to do a terrific rate and we're going to do it on a block basis. But you've heard us build markets for 15 years by electronifying them. So we take our natgas options from 5% in electronics to 25% electronically over the past 18 months. That's why you're seeing this grow outside the market share in revenue generating products like natgas options, and you'll see us continue to push that, with the overall revenue story as well. So our revenue growth is up 21% in energy as a whole, isis revenue growth is up 14% in energy, and natgas is either flat or negative based on the incentives they're paying out.
Andrew Bond: Thanks, Derek.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take a follow-up question from Rich Repetto from Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Richard Repetto: This is for John. In your CAPEX guidance, I guess $105 million, you've only done $36 million in the first half, so this definitely implies a big ramp in the second half. I just wanted to see where -- what that's targeted at and -- I know there's the treasury refill platform etc., is that a significant component, can we get some more detail on it?
John Pietrowicz: There's just a couple of things to point out as it relates to CAPEX. On a year-over-year basis, CAPEX is down but that's primarily driven by our New York City staff's space buildout after the sale of the ninemax [ph] building. So if you exclude all the real estate, our technology expense for the first quarter is slightly at or higher than the second quarter last year, and about $4 million higher than the first half of last year. So we're continuing to invest in our technology footprint and I think the second half, we are making investments and continue to make investments in our technology platform through guidance we may refer to things like Repo, things like improving our capacity. So if you take a look at our slide -- Slide 8 in our deck, you see that the day after the Brexit vote, we had the highest message traffic in our history and it was -- it did not impact our speed whatsoever. So I think keeping our platform robust and keeping our platform improving with technology and improving its functionality, so that guidance that we'll be investing in in the second half of the year as we continue the trend.
Richard Repetto: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Alex Kramm from UBS. Please go ahead.
Alex Kramm: Good morning, everyone. I came on late so I apologize if this was answered already, but I wanted to just touch base on Brexit for a minute but, not so much in terms of the risk here, but wondering if you're thinking about any opportunities coming out of it. I guess the way I would think about it is, you currently are the best house in the neighborhood right now with regulatory certainty in the U.S. whereas in Europe, there might be as lot of changes down the line. So is there an opportunity for you to engage with clients, say like listen, we are launching some new products here, you know exactly what you're going to get, for two, three, five, ten years. You could do more business with us or, is that not really the way to focus this?
Phupinder Gill: Alex, there is opportunity. As you know, Europe is a very large part of our French and global basis. Yes they are, and yes we need -- there are opportunities and we are in full engagement mode with our client base regarding deeper participation into our marketplace and some of the opportunities that can market themselves fit very nicely in what we are seeing to be shifts or evolving client demands and client needs. And so one of the things we refer to in the earnings call and my former remarks was the opportunity that lays ahead of us. So Derek, Sean, Brian and their respective staffs are talking very intently to our clients to understand what their needs are. As you point out, the certainty of the U.S. regulation is a very large driver there, too.
Alex Kramm: Excellent. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And it appears we have no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back to our speaker for any closing remarks.
Phupinder Gill: Thank you for joining us today. The entire team at CME is focused on driving the topline for the future and operating the business as efficiently as possible. Let me illustrate that for you. When you compare the first half of 2014 to the first half of 2016, we have organically grown the topline by $332 million. At the same time, our expenses, including license fees and amortization, is down $14 million. So thank you very much for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our program. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Peschier - Managing Director, IR Phupinder Gill - CEO John Pietrowicz - CFO Sean Tully - Senior Managing Director, Financial and OTC Products Kim Taylor - President, Global Operations, Technology and Risk Derek Sammann - Senior Managing Director, Commodities and Options products Bryan Durkin - Chief Commercial Officer
Analysts: Dan Fannon - Jefferies Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Sameer Murukutla - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alex Kramm - UBS Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Chris Harris - Wells Fargo Ken Hill - Barclays Kyle Voigt - KBW Rob Rutschow - CLSA Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James
Operator: Good day and welcome to the CME Group First Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier: Thank you for joining us this morning. Gill and John will spend a few minutes discussing the results and then we will open up the call for your questions. Terry, Bryan, Derek, Sean, and Kim are on the call as well and will participate in the Q&A session. Before they begin, I will read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, which are available on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Gill.
Phupinder Gill: Thank you, Mr. Peschier, and thank you all for joining us. It was an exceptional start to the year, with record quarterly average daily volume, which was up 13% compared with an already strong first quarter last year. We had very balanced growth in both financial and commodity products, each up double-digits. We track customer segment activity closely, and in Q1 we had more than 10% growth from asset managers, hedge funds, corporates, proprietary trading firms and retail clients during the quarter. Volume from banks was up 1%, which is strong relative to their decrease in their overall trading businesses over each of the last few years. More recently, April activity has been fairly strong compared to last year, and is up more than 20% in total. It is encouraging to see relatively good volumes, as April has been our slowest month over the last two years. Open interest remains elevated and is up significantly since the beginning of the year. This morning, I will start with our secular drivers and then I will shift to a few product highlights. We have consistently expanded our global participation in spite of the challenging macro environment. We are very pleased with the tremendous results from outside of the U.S. during the first quarter. We had record quarterly non-U.S. volume by far, as well as the highest proportion of the business from outside of the U.S. since we started tracking the information, with more than 25% in first quarter, compared to 23% in the first quarter of last year. In Europe, we had a very strong first quarter activity, with volume increasing 28% form 2.3 million contracts per day last year to more than 2.9 million per day this year. The increase was led by equities, which jumped 70% and energy was up almost 50%. In Asia, energy was up 75% and equities grew by about 70%, with metals rising more than 30%. Focusing on Asia for a moment. We have been discussing the opportunity to expand our user base to include Chinese firms and entities for many years. Our focus started primarily with intermediaries and we are now engaging directly with asset managers, hedge funds and other entities there. We generally look at our trading data in terms of what we see through mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. In Q1, we reached approximately 200,000 contracts per day combined, which is up from 100,000 contracts per day in Q1 of 2014 and 125,000 contracts last year. Our most notable recent success is in our energy franchise where we have seen mainland China average daily volume increase from less than 10,000 contracts in the middle of last year to more than 30,000 contracts in Q1. A highlight from Hong Kong activity is in our equity business, with average daily volume there more than doubling to almost 25,000 contracts per day in Q1. The surge in volume is great to see and we are very fortunate to have highly appealing products to offer these clients. Based on the challenges in China over the last year, we believe many of these firms are comfortable trading in our regulated markets and benefitting from the significant liquidity we have around the clock. Speaking of that, in addition to the country of origin information we share with you, we also track electronic volume throughout the 24-hour trading day. In Q1, volume during Asian hours grew by almost 30%, while activity during European hours rose 60%. Liquidity begets liquidity, and we are displaying deeper electronic markets in both futures and more recently options around the clock. Turing to our efforts in options, we remain a strong leader compared to other global exchanges, with Q1 Options volume hitting a record 3.5 million contracts per day, which is up 22% with electronic options average daily volume rising 26% to a record 1.8 million contracts. The continued electronification of our options franchise has enabled us to further globalize participation in our Options markets, with our European Options volume up 36% and Asian Options volume up 25% in Q1. Our continued investment in systems enhancement, new products, and client education are driving significantly increased usage of our Options products from end-users, with volumes from hedge funds and asset managers up 34% and up 29%, respectively. A couple of quick points on our financial and commodity products, starting with interest rates. Volume rose 9% to more than 8 million contracts a day, and revenue increased by 14%, with Eurodollars leading the way. We hit record levels of open interest in Q1 in our rates business, driven by Eurodollar options and Treasury futures, which hit all-time highs. We also had very strong options activity with the highest quarterly volume ever, and reached a record percentage of the options trading on Globex in March, with 71% electronic in treasuries and 25% electronic in Eurodollars. So far in April, the electronic percentage in Eurodollar options has grown to 27%. On the product development front, we mentioned our launch of the Ultra 10-year contract on our last earnings call. This product has continued to gain momentum, and has attracted attention with several articles written over the last month related to this innovative new product. In addition, we are pleased that we cleared our first Swaptions trade earlier this month, and we think this is yet another example of innovating and the interest of market with a customer-led solution. We held a Swaptions Customer Webinar that attracted over 500 participants with significant follow-up discussions and we had a number of productive client events related to the product. Our dollar rate swaps market share reached the highest level in March that we have seen over the last six months, and we had a 15% pickup in revenue capture in swaps clearing versus Q4 last year. Lastly, we are actively involved with a working group of intermediaries and customers on a potential Repo clearing offering. As that develops over the next quarters, we will share additional information. Turing to equities. We are pleased with the start of the year, with Q1 volume up 28% and April up more than 30%. We have had solid activity in equity options, which grew 20% during the quarter. In Q1, our S&P 500 Options market share versus CBOE expanded to 29.4% from 27.8% last year. Open interest in equity options rose 13% compared to the prior year and our new BTIC order type continues to perform well and traded 20,000 contracts for the first time on March 31st. Moving on to our commodities portfolio. These business lines, overall, were up 13%. Energy has been particularly strong, with record Q1 average daily volume of 2.5 million contracts. And April has continued to be robust, with volumes up almost 40%. WTI futures had a record quarter, averaging about 1.2 million contracts per day and gasoline futures activity was also at a record level. I mentioned the options earlier. And within energy, we had record WTI Options volume over 200,000 contracts per day and more than 145,000 contracts per day on Globex. Our natural gas options were up 38% during the quarter, and we had a record percentage of volume traded electronically there. Additionally, we set a record number of large open interest holders in our energy futures in Q1. Our metals business was also a standout in the first quarter, with volumes up 23%. Our precious metals average daily volume was up 26%, led by options, which rose 36% in Q1. As many of you know, we have made significant inroads into base and ferrous metals businesses, and we continue to expand our presence in these key growth areas. Our copper business is up 11% and we hit a new open interest record during Q1. We continue to outperform our primary competitor in this market, where we have posted faster growth in copper in each of the last five quarters. In aluminum, we continue to expand our suite of aluminum offerings, achieving record volumes and increasing our open interest five-fold in the last 12 months. And in iron ore, leveraging our customer value proposition of global electronic trading of futures and options and customer anonymity, we have had growing open interest and a record trading day of almost 13,000 contracts. We have now achieved iron ore market share of 10% in Q1, up from just 3% in 2015, as we continue to successfully expand and diversify our global suite of metals products. Finally, agricultural products have been particularly strong in April and are tracking toward a monthly average daily volume record for the month after a slow start to there. Trading has taken off based on production uncertainty in South America, where wet conditions in Argentina and dry conditions in Brazil are causing concerns. We had two consecutive record trading days last week in the overall complex, with almost 3 million contracts, including record soybean product volume above 1.5 million contracts on one of those days. Electronic ag options are surging up from near 130,000 in April last year to more than 250,000 daily so far this April. Importantly, open interest in soybean and corn futures are up 16% and 8%, respectively, from last year. Finally, last week, we reached an all-time high in a large open interest holders in agricultural products. In summary, we continue to work with our customers on bringing innovative risk management solutions through the market place and our product diversity is unparalleled. John will touch on our progress to continue to streamline our infrastructure costs, to reallocate our expenses to growth initiatives and to further innovate in our businesses. With that, Im going to turn the call over to John to discuss the financials. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thank you, Gill, and good morning everyone. Our team has been intensely focused on three things: driving global revenue growth, operating our business as efficiently as we can, and returning excess capital to our shareholders in a consistent way. As Gill mentioned, we had a tremendous start to the year, with strong and balanced revenue growth. Total revenue was up 11% compared to a very strong quarter last year, while total adjusted expense rose just 3%. Our adjusted operating margin expanded to 65% and adjusted EPS of $1.15 was up 17%. Our rate per contract for the first quarter was $0.756, down 4% from $0.789 in Q4, as our overall ADV rose 29% sequentially. The biggest impacts were members versus non-member mix and volume discount tiers this quarter due to the large increase in activity. Compared to the fourth quarter, our members volume grew 30% and non-members jumped 23%. In addition, we had higher volume discounts in Q1 relative to Q4, as a result of significant growth in certain products. Market data revenue was up 4.5% compared to Q1 last year, and in line with our guidance. We continue to monitor this line carefully as we are seeing some rationalization as we bring all customers in line with the full priced offering, and we are seeing some screen declines due to recent bank staff reductions. Adjusted operating expenses for the quarter totaled $327 million, up 3%, driven primarily by an $8 million increase in licensing and other fee agreements. Excluding license fees, our total expense year-over-year was approximately flat. And as a reminder, our annual guidance was a 1% increase on that basis. We ended the quarter with approximately 2,600 employees, with the majority of the hiring done in India and Belfast, which is part of our plan to reduce technology expense while improving service by staffing in those lower cost locations and reducing contractors. Our compensation ratio for Q1 came in at 14.1%, compared to 16.1% for the full-year of 2015. Looking at the non-operating income and expense line; our ownership in the S&P-Dow Jones joint venture drove more than $26 million in net earnings from unconsolidated subsidiaries, which was up 13% from the prior year. We are pleased with the investment we made in the index business, while also assuring we continue to offer the worlds leading index futures products on CME. Now, turning to investment income. We had a meaningful increase in investment income, driven almost entirely by the returns generated through reinvestment of cash performance bonds and guaranty fund contributions. The rise in short-term rates at the end of the year resulted in an increase in investment income of $17 million. During Q1, we had returned approximately $10 million of that to clearing firms, which is displayed on the income statement under other non-operating expense. This amount is anticipated to increase as our investment returns grow. We recently received approval to establish an account directly at the fed. At this point, the account will only be for clearing firm house positions held in cash. We are currently in the process of operationalizing the accounts with the fed. When effective, we expect to pass a higher rate to clearing members for their house positions than we do today. Cash held in segregated customer accounts will continue to be invested through commercial banks and the U.S. treasury securities as they are now. We expect that the house accounts will be operational in the next month or so. As in the past, we plan to continue to pass through the majority of the earnings back to the clearing members. Turning to taxes. For the quarter, we ended at 36.3%, slightly below our guidance. And now to the balance sheet. During Q1, we paid almost $1.2 billion in dividends to shareholders, including our variable dividend and the first regular dividend. At the end of the first quarter, we had $1.33 billion in cash, restricted cash and marketable securities. We added $130 million during the quarter, driven by the sale leaseback transaction of our data center with Cyrus One. During the first quarter, capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances were $16 million, as we continue to leverage more software and infrastructure as a service, which is included in expense. We continue our intense focus on efficiency with the sale of our office buildings over the last few years, and more recently our data center. We are taking an asset-light approach, which will allow us to focus on running our core business. In 2015, we delayered the management structure, closed futures pits, reduced marketing costs, and focused on data center consolidation. So far this year, we have completed the sale of our data center, sublet excess office space in Chicago, announced the closure of our trading floors in New York at year-end, and have begun to offshore some positions, reducing compensation and consulting costs. With the sale and leaseback of our data center, we will continue to operate our trading and clearing functions, as well as our co-location business, and we will continue to receive the corresponding co-location revenue. From an earnings perspective, this transaction is approximately neutral. In terms of expenses, we will see a net reduction in total quarterly expense of about $1 million primarily in depreciation and we expect a corresponding increase under interest expense. Turning to the New York floor. We will save approximately $5 million of expense annually beginning in 2017, and possibly another $3 million per year if we can successfully sublease the space. In summary, Im very pleased with the hard work this quarter across the entire business. As you know, operating leverage in our business is significant, and this was clearly evidenced by the margin on incremental revenue of approximately 90%. We have outlined many positives going forward, including building liquidity around the clock and from around the world, innovating new products, getting access to the fed accounts which should benefit both our intermediaries and our shareholders, and continuing to focus on our efficiency strategy. With that, wed like to open up the call for your questions. Given the number of analysts who cover us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question, so we can get to everyone. Please feel free to get back into the queue if you have any further questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well go first to Dan Fannon with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Dan Fannon: Thanks. Good morning.
Phupinder Gill: Hi, Dan.
John Pietrowicz: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Fannon: Since your last call, theres been a lot of headlines around M&A, your potential M&A in your industry. And I guess, Gill, if you could update us on your thoughts around - your views around M&A like both large scale, as well as strategic; and then John, also maybe talk about the financial aspects as you guys think about returning thresholds around potential acquisitions?
Phupinder Gill: Yeah. Dan, I think the story is consistent in what we have spoken to you about in the past, we will continue our focus on our globalization, on the options growth, and I talked a little bit about a short while ago, and as well as what we are now calling capital efficiencies which is a combination of a bunch of things, which is essentially the - whether we are talking about clearing a OTC trade, the futurization of the market place with brand - brand new clients are the cross-margining in the compression and services that we offer And with that focus that we have, we continue to remain opportunistic with respect to any kind of opportunities that we might see that makes sense, for both ourselves, our shareholders, as well as our clients.
John Pietrowicz: Hi, Dan. This is John jumping in. We look at both organic and inorganic growth opportunities all the time. And really its about creating shareholder value in the best way possible. So we look at acquisitions in particular, we look at it from obviously multiple valuation metrics, as accretive over time to earnings, does it create a value by looking at cash flow models. So, we look at kind of return thresholds. We usually use about 9% to 10% is kind of the threshold that we look at. But I think for us its, are we creating shareholder value, how is the best way to get from a strategic perspective to where we want to be, is it growing the business organically, investing the business organically, or is it purchasing good services or another company from somebody else. So, thats what we look at.
Dan Fannon: Great. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: And our next question comes from Richard Repetto with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Richard Repetto: Yeah, good morning, guys.
Phupinder Gill: Hey.
Richard Repetto: So my question - good morning, Gill. Good morning, John. My question is on expenses. Youre running significantly below the full-year guidance like we can come out with 1.15 and the guidance, I believe, is 1.18. And this is post - this was a high revenue quarter, and you get high payroll taxes. The other thing that go along with that, youre running significantly below on CapEx as well, the full-year run rate. So Im just trying to see what the expense, guys, whether its maintained, and if it is maintained, what could we be spend the stuff on, in the back three quarters?
John Pietrowicz: Sure. Thanks, Rich. Our expense control and running our business as efficiently as possible is a very big focus of the entire management team and its really become part of our DNA. When we look at the expenses, the first quarter tends to be a slower quarter in terms of expenses as we build up and projects get launched in the second and third quarters. But if you look at slide 14, you can see the results of our focus on expenses. You can see that over time, weve had expanding operating margins and weve got incremental margins last year of 112% and 90% incremental margins this quarter, and operating margins around 65%. So its been a large focus of ours. In terms of the guidance, we are - we have guided to a very modest 1% increase in expenses ex license fees, thats - and were not adjusting guidance at this time. But we are intensely focused on the business and running the business as efficiently as efficiently as possible. And what this does is, this allows us to free up cost for growth initiatives and some of the growth initiatives Gill outlined in his prepared remarks. And, for example, Swaptions is something that well be launching that maybe - Derek or Sean can comment on, as an example of what were working on.
Sean Tully: Yeah, sure. In terms of our OTC clearing, which Gill talked about in terms of offering capital and margin efficiencies to the market place, we actually - we recently launched a BRL, interest rate swap clearing, which is a unique value proposition relative to our largest competitor. Mexican peso we launched a little over a year ago is doing extremely well. We did our first Swaptions trade very recently and were very excited about how that will develop over the coming two quarters. And in addition to that, were working very closely with the market place on Repo clearing, as Gill mentioned in his remarks. So were talking to and working closely with the same set of folks that we worked with in order to launch our successful interest rate swap clearing initiative, and were looking at replicating that with solving lot of the market places issues in the Repo, in particular in the treasury Repo market similarly.
John Pietrowicz: So, Rich, I mean, we are focused on expense management, we are focused on reducing infrastructure cost and freeing up those costs, invest in new initiatives like Sean just mentioned.
Operator: And well take our next question from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good morning.
John Pietrowicz: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Worthington: In terms of your use of the fed for house positions, how money can get placed with the fed under kind of the existing structure that you just got set up with the approval? And to what extent can you move beyond this for just house positions in the future? And then you mentioned the passing of the majority income back to clients. To what extend this just gives CME an opportunity to keep more as well? And Im sure you wont answer, but Ill ask it anyway. If so, how much?
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Ken. Weve been very focused on driving our investment income line. In fact, if you take a look, since 2012, in the first quarter of 2012, we actually had an $18 million expense in non-operating income and now weve driven that to a $5 million income on that line. So overall, when you look at how the earnings that we got from managing collateral, we earned approximately $7 million this quarter through investing that collateral, which is about double last quarter. It was driven primarily by the increase in interest rates. Access to the fed accounts will be for house positions held in cash, to the extent that that cash balance increase, with an opportunity for us to earn more, and well be able to provide more color on how much is about that impact next quarter when the fed accounts become operational. But to give you an idea about 20% of our $138 billion in collateral is house account related. Maybe Kim could comment on the fed account.
Phupinder Gill: The cash component of the 20% is lower and thats the part that we can - I think, Kim, its $3 billion?
Kim Taylor: Currently the cash balances on the house positions is $3 billion. Thats not a number that we control, its a number that the clearing members control with the decisions that they make about what they post for margin. But obviously the return that they get and the funds that they post with us is part of that decision.
Phupinder Gill: And its a higher return for our client base, one of the exciting things of having this fed account for us.
Kim Taylor: And then you asked about the customer accounts. Those are authorized. Our VAT process is underway between the regulators, thats not something that we can really comment on the timing up, but we know that it is still being worked on.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Carrier with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Sameer Murukutla: Hey, good morning. This is actually Sameer Murukutla on for Mike Carrier. Thanks for taking my question.
Phupinder Gill: Good morning.
John Pietrowicz: Good morning.
Sameer Murukutla: Good morning. Im going to just leverage off of Dan's question a bit. Can you provide an update on your thoughts into the level of your stake in BM&F given their current M&A that they are involved in? And any comments on the possible interest in the Indian Commodity Exchange? Thanks.
John Pietrowicz: Sure. This is John. BVM&F is one of our most important international strategic relationships, regardless of any ownership stakes. We continue to hold about 4% stake in BVM&F, the value of which has increased over $150 million since the end of 2015, and well continue to work with them as we have, historically. In terms of the India Exchange, were not going to comment on any of the -
Phupinder Gill: Rumors.
John Pietrowicz: Rumors or our M&A activity there.
Sameer Murukutla: Okay. Thanks for taking my question.
John Pietrowicz: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alex Kramm: Yeah. Hey, good morning.
John Pietrowicz: Good morning, Alex.
Alex Kramm: Good morning. Wanted to just touch on the energy business for a second here. Clearly one of the more impressive areas in terms of growth, but one of the things that always span or that has been spanning out, is that you are outperforming at least in terms of ADV, your primary competitor. So would love you to talk a little bit about whats going on there. And obviously, you all have different product mix. So maybe if you can drill a little bit deeper, not just about brands, but also about WTI, natural gas, gas oil, other areas where you are competing more or less directly, where youre winning and why youre winning, if youre winning? Thanks.
Derek Sammann: Yeah. Derek here. I want to say were absolutely pleased but not fully satisfied with the growth that we continue to impact here on the energies business. I mean, we have - not only have we grown sort of record levels in Q1, weve increased our large open interest orders, and its been pretty strong for us. We talked last quarter about the benefits of the overall broad market adoption increasingly towards WTI, with the result of the lifting of the export ban in the U.S., and thats actually significantly increased participation in our markets on the futures, as well as the options side, but in terms of where were going outside of that options, it has been a significant area of growth for us inside the energies business and Id actually also direct you to some of the comments that Gill made in his prepared remarks around where and how were globalizing our footprint right now. If you look at where the growth of our business is coming from, our EMEA business for energy business up about 40%, thats outperforming the business as a whole. Whats really exciting is the investments that weve made in boots on the ground sales campaigns and product sales in Asia for us is bearing significant fruit. Our Asian energy business is up 82% year-on-year and that is significant growth in almost every major trading center. I was in Shanghai and Singapore last week, meeting with a lot of our clients and we continue to be able to attract them with our functionality, both on the futures as well as the options side and the broad base of participation in our markets. So we tell a lot of the WTI story. There is a nat gas story. There is a gasoline story. We set an all-time record in our gasoline futures as well. So its broad based growth, its global growth and its across our asset class in the presence of building OI and large open interest holders.
John Pietrowicz: I would just add to that specifically on the international side within Asia for example, were seeing growth coming from each of our client segments in the energy quadrant. Props are up 31%. Banks interestingly enough were up 104%, hedge funds 96%. Corporate firms coming in 88%, retail 85%. Were seeing similar activities coming out of Europe. So for example, on the hedge fund and in the asset management community, 26% growth specifically in the energy quadrant. So it goes to our sales penetration and efforts in that regard in terms of how were targeting our focus and our campaigns in these areas.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alex Blostein: Thanks. Hi, guys. Good morning. Just a quick follow-up on market data, I don't think it was asked yet, but the 4% to 5% guidance for the year that you guys provided on the last earnings call, does that still hold or just kind of given some of the headwinds that you highlighted on the headcount reductions, should we think about a slower number, a lower number for the year?
John Pietrowicz: Thanks, Alex. When we provided guidance last year, we provided a range because its very difficult to predict. We had given guidance at 4% to 5% growth rates. We came in this quarter, up 4.5% from Q1 last year, which is in line with our guidance. We are seeing pressure as customers move to our full priced offering as well as the decline in screen counts, as banks lay off staff as youve probably heard from the banks earnings calls. So were very focused and working hard on our data business, but were seeing some headwinds as you indicated.
Operator: And well go next to Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brian Bedell: Hi. Good morning, folks. Just to pile on the Asia question, thanks for all the disclosure on that. That was a good discussion you just had about some of the progress there. But I guess if you can think about or try to highlight how big you think this market can eventually be for CME in terms of penetration rates? Obviously the growth recently has been especially strong. But do you see this as just from an, say, ADV perspective being able to become as large as Europe let's say in the next two or three years? Can you talk about some of that penetration opportunity? And then also related to, John, I think you cited more projects in growth initiative spend later in the year. Is part of that included in that spending plan?
Phupinder Gill: Sure. Brian, this is Gill. Im going to start and Im going to ask Brian to basically expand more as to where hes seen growth specifically. If you look at the product opportunity set, if you look at the opportunity in terms of the products that we have, across all the asset classes that we have, we have highly relevant products for all of our clients in all places around the world. Within Asia specifically, weve been focused over the last few years on China, but what weve not talked about is the sales effort that Brian will go a little bit into other parts of Asia which I would say have more developed in terms of the education side of things, Korea comes to mind. China, we have given you some numbers this quarter, specific to China, these are based on China, but they might be trading, they probably will be trading from outside of China. As China continues to expand its policies for access, you would see that number grow. The timing behind that remains to be seen, but as we sit here now, China is allowing and has allowed their intermediaries as well as their direct accounts such as the hedge funds, the prop shops and the commercial entities to establish operations outside of China and thats the flow that were seeing. India is an uncapped opportunity at this time. There are very significant changes afoot in India that will also lend themselves and translate into opportunities for us. So with that broad view about China, and I am only talking about areas in which you will see the highest impact. I am going to turn it over to Brian to talk about some of the volume flows that we are seeing that are driving the high rate of growth there.
Bryan Durkin: With the respect to the efforts in Greater China and Hong Kong, and specifically, we are seeing revenues that are up about 51%, 56% growth in our volume thats been driven by energy, equities as well as some of our interest rate products. Within the segments, the growth is really coming crops, a growing number of private hedge funds and asset managers have also evolved. We are working very closely with our intermediaries to help bring that business into our markets. We are seeing some good traction in terms of liberalization of central state owned enterprises. For example, SOEs were permissioned up until about two years ago, 31, now its about 112 or in that areas, so we are seeing that as additional opportunity. Sovereign wealth funds and asset managers are increasingly growing their business with us and again, we are focusing in that area and really building on opportunities to work with corporates, particularly insurance companies. We see more Chinese banks that are enquiring about trading our products and also looking to build their efforts enquiring about OTC clearing with us, which is a very good sign. Within Taiwan, year-to-date volume and revenue was up about 40% and 36% respectively. The main drivers in those areas were equities, FX energy and interest rates. The main participants are banks, asset managers and again, we are seeing good opportunities with insurance companies. There has been some progress within Taiwan in terms of allowing securities firms to offer global futures that we are working very closely with our intermediaries to bring that business into our group. Within Japan, we have seen a consistent growth of about 7%, revenues are up about 32%. You got to keep in mind, Japan is the second biggest holder of US debt, so there is great opportunities there. Main drivers have been from banks and we are seeing some nice growth coming from asset managers. Gill alluded to Korea, we continue to see very nice growth coming out of Korea. It was two years ago that there were no Korean FCMs that had an average monthly volume of about 100,000 contracts. Today, we are happy to say that we have eight firms that are providing at least 100,000 sites per month which is great progress. And the drivers in that area are equities, rates, foreign currency and energy. Singapore is up about 18%. Coming out of that region, we are seeing some nice growth coming from the banks in particular as well as proprietary firms and corporates and commercials. Another area that we are very excited about is Australia, we really havent mentioned. Our volume this year in Australia was up 12% and our revenues are up I think approximately 50% if I my memory serves me correctly. The top three products are interest rates, ags, equities. Ags are up about 27%, foreign currencies are up about 39%. Our main focus in working with Australia again is within the asset management community, hedge funds and the banks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris Harris: Thanks. Hey guys. A question on your margins. I mean a great margin quarter, 65%, I mean I think thats one of the best results you guys have ever had. If we think kind of bigger picture and you guys keep delivering double-digit volume growth and 90% incremental margin, your margin is going to move up fast in a hurry. So just wondering is there a limit where you guys are really comfortable about taking the margin to before we start seeing a fairly sizable increase in the expenses or is that really nothing for us to be focused on at this point in time?
John Pietrowicz: Thanks. This is John. Yes, we are limited by 100% is our limit. But in all seriousness, we are - we continue to run the business as efficiently as possible. As you can see from the amount of volume we have been able to handle without any issues, we have been able to handle that this quarter without any incidents. So I think for us we do have natural increases to our cost and over time and that will be inflationary things, salaries, wages and the like. But we are - we provide a tremendous amount of value to our clients and so as more liquidity comes into the marketplace, there is more trading that occurs, which is tremendous benefit to our business and the amount of volume that we are able to handle, we have been proven out to be able to handle that. Other things that kind of impact the margin is also license we pay on equity contracts primarily. So there is some share that impacts kind of our margin level. But there is nothing artificial out there that prevents that from going higher.
Phupinder Gill: Chris, this is Gill, Id like to just add to what John said, John is spot on with respect to the current operating structure that we have and product as we continue to innovate across the asset classes. But as we roll out new and innovative products or services in response to what our client needs are and in conjunction with the capital efficiency goal that we have for our clients, the repo clearing service is one such thing and thats a separate infrastructure from what we currently have. John has fine-tuned the current infrastructure to hum like you're seeing it now and within that construct the operating margin can absolutely grow. But as we introduced more things for our client base you may see a slight reduction depending upon the success of the products and services that we rollout.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Hill with Barclays. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Ken Hill: Good morning, everyone. I just wanted to follow up on the market data specifically those customers who are rationalizing their behavior and I guess choosing to turn that service off. Are those guys who may be didn't need it to begin with and just realized that were paying for it or did this actually just get to be too high a price for them to pay? And I guess if it is that latter part, is there any flexibility within the service to really tailor market data for what a customer needs over time? Potentially could you be rolling out new products that might meet some of these people's need to have gone away recently?
Phupinder Gill: This is Gill, I think as John alluded to in his remark and in response to one of the questions, a large chunk of that is coming from the layout at that we see the banks are undergoing with respect to pricing pressure being too high. If you compare our market data fees to the exchanges that we compete against, youll see that we are lacking behind them in terms of price but terminal and price, so we don't think that the issue we think is firms rationalizing their needs all the time. Bryan, you might want to add?
Bryan Durkin: No, I mean you certainly hit it, as the full fair came into play we did expect that there might be some drop off from individuals that may be using a particular screen and not really utilize for trading quite frankly but observing the markets. Those level of users have been pretty small, I mean the biggest impact as Gill had referenced is the rationalization that were seeing from firms that have been consolidating their operations and making those decisions with the respect of reduction in staffing and layoffs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kyle Voigt with KBW. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Kyle Voigt: Thanks for taking my question. So I was just wondering if you could comment on competitor energy platform, NFX. It looks like they will begin charging for some fee for trading with the phase in period starting next month. Do you believe the momentum that they have had in building open interest to market share is sustainable after they begin to charge for trading? Are you hearing any feedback or pressure from your clients regarding them being unhappy with trading fees or other services? Thanks.
Derek Sammann: Hey this is Derek. Thanks for your question. Now I think you see when we look at the status of where our natural gas business is, if you look at the six months prior to FX launches, or we were averaging in natural gas options where theyre making the hard push right now. That 70,000 contract today, if you look at the last six months, our ADV is close to 100,000 contracts. So weve grown that business 40% over the course of time that NFX has come into the market and to the extent that weve got the fastest growing part of the natural gas options business for us is electronic nature of that business, a record 25% of our natural business is trading electronically, theyre driving that 40% growth. If you look at what NFX is putting up, its a block business its not electronic and is only on the financially settled side. So, given the fact that weve added 30,000 contracts ADV since pre-launch of NFX, the post-launch and they are doing 12,000 to 15,000. Were not seeing any real feedback from customers asking us to do anything different other than continue to scale infrastructure electronically and grow the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Rutschow with CLSA. Please go ahead your line is open.
Rob Rutschow: Good morning. Just one more follow-up on the market data question. Are you able to size the bank industry in terms of the overall screen count? Does it look similar to the contribution to trading volumes? And then separately, does opening an account at the Fed give you any sort of long-term growth opportunities aside from just picking up the extra spread that that provides? Thanks.
Bryan Durkin: It's Bryan, on the market data side, yes we are able to size across the user base, the profile of user and while we saw a down trend this past quarter with specifically within the bank sector, I can't comment whether or not we're going to see it continue trend going in that direction. What I can say is that we are closely monitoring our performance and have every expectation to continue making a good progress we have with market data.
Phupinder Gill: The opening of the Fed account also give both our customers as well as us additional opportunity.
John Pietrowicz: On the Fed counts in particular for our customers it does allow us to offer them a significantly increased return on their cash. So it should make us a more valuable proposition for them.
Operator: And your next question comes from Richard Repetto with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Richard Repetto: Yeah, thanks for the follow-up. Gill, on the presentation you talked about these - and this is page 16, the secular drivers of growth and it being the potential for more futures and options volumes due to capital efficiencies. And I was wondering can you give us an update on cross margining? I figure it was $3 billion or so? And I guess what your expectations here and not having the dealer volume in over the counter interest-rate swaps, what do you think about the potential there of cross margining?
Phupinder Gill: I will start and ask Kim to add here. The capital efficiency title has at least two or three things beneath that that might be helpful for your think about I would say in terms of the opportunities being efficient for client base futurization at the top of that list, so developing products in-house that our customers can use on the more capital efficient basis is one of the things that we have been doing and we will continue to actually do. If you look at the compressions services that we implemented not too long ago up to this point in time weve had $21 trillion in notional value that have been compressed over time and then if you look at the performance of the OTC market itself, it has taken an uptick from the fourth quarter of last year. Now this value proposition, this group of value propositions that I just described no one else can provide that. The compression in conjunction with the cross margining and in conjunction with the futurization are opportunity. So I think from that perspective we are quite excited as the interest rate environment continues to shift.
Kim Taylor: And then I would just add I think this is not something that is exclusive to CME, but CME is working with the industry to try and get better recognition for customer margin in the treatment of capital at the bank level, that will be a very significant element in reducing the cost of doing business.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alex Kramm: Hey, hello, again for a follow up I guess. Want to go to your equities business for a minute on that slide that you had on equities I think it is page 10. You mentioned that on the S&P 500 options I guess options on futures you now have - your market share increased relative to CBOE. I don't think you have talked about that business on a competitive basis in the past or in those terms. So just wondering if this is an active focus of yours to kind of look at that market and compete more aggressively and maybe quote away the user base from the securities based options to the futures market. So any color there will be interesting. Thanks.
John Pietrowicz: So we are always focused on the clients and the value that we add to clients and therefore we are also always focused on market share. So in each and every one of our businesses, we are continuously focused on our direct competitors, but also substitute products and making sure that we add the most value. So while we may not have talked about this as actively before, this is certainly something that we look at very closely. In particular, if you look at that business, we are very focused on the ability to cross margin obviously the underlying futures against the options as most efficient platform possible. We are continuously focused on TCA or total cost analysis. We've talked about this across each of our different business lines. If you recall at the beginning of last year, Greenwich Associates did a big study that looked at our interest rate futures as always being the lowest cost relative to the interest rate swaps industry in terms of representing risk. Similarly we have come out last year with something called the big picture and then we did an update this year again with the big picture. But we are showing that as an example, our equity futures far more efficient for investors for giving exposure to the equity market than ETFs. So we are continuing to look at the substitute products both from a customer client value proposition, but also from a market share perspective.
Operator: And our next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: So speaking of portfolio margining, wondering if you can comment on the LSE Deutsche Boerse planned merger and whether some of the capital efficiencies that they are proposing would impact you guys competitively I think specifically with regard to your rate clearing business, your rate swap clearing business?
Phupinder Gill: Patrick, this is Gill. I think on the first part of your question you should ask them, willing to talk about the opportunities. On the second part of the question I had to go back to what Sean had said before. The whole focus on the competitive dynamics of what we all do to here and so we believe and as I said we are the best value proposition for our client base and we intend to grow upon that.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the program back to management for closing remarks.
Phupinder Gill: Thank you so much for joining us this morning and we look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. Bye-bye.
Operator: And that does conclude today's program. You may disconnect at this time. Thank you and have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John C. Peschier - Managing Director-Investor Relations Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer & Director John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer Sean Tully - Senior Managing Director-Financial & OTC Products Kimberly S. Taylor - President-Global Operations, Technology & Risk Derek L. Sammann - Senior MD-Commodity & Options Products Bryan T. Durkin - Chief Commercial Officer Terrence A. Duffy - Executive Chairman & President
Analysts: Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC Sameer Murukutla - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kenneth W. Hill - Barclays Capital, Inc. Brian B. Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Christopher M. Harris - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Rob Rutschow - CLSA Americas LLC Jonathan Edward Casteleyn - Hedgeye Risk Management LLC (Research) Andrew Bond - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Please stand by. We are about to begin. Good day and welcome to the CME Group Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John C. Peschier - Managing Director-Investor Relations: Thank you for joining us this morning. Gill and John will spend a few minutes discussing the results and then we will open up the call for your questions. Terry, Bryan, Derek, Sean and Kim are on the call as well and will participate in the Q&A session. Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC which are available on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Gill.
Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mr. Peschier, and thank you all for joining us. I'm proud of our colleagues' hard work and the resulting performance during a challenging year for the financial services space. In 2015, we delivered product and technology innovation in multiple ways, and we also reduced costs by driving efficiency throughout the organization, while improving our agility. We set multiple volume and revenue records last year, with particular strength in Energy and Agricultural Products. In terms of volumes, we captured market share during the year across multiple products. In our non-transaction-related business, we had double-digit growth within both market data and our portion of the S&P Dow Index business. Those two line items make up approximately 25% of our pre-tax income. We have consistently expanded our global participation and we had a record level of non-U.S. volume and revenue during the year. During Q4, non-U.S. trading volume growth outperformed the U.S., which has been a consistent trend. Electronic trading volume from outside the U.S. increased by 7% in 2015. The electronification of our options has been an important part of our success as well. In 2015, our electronic options volume jumped by 15%, to more than 1.4 million contracts a day. Our revenue from electronic options has grown by more than 90% from 2012 to $223 million this past year. During this time, we have invested in system enhancements, new products, and client education, which are driving significant usage of our diverse suite of option products. A couple of quick points on our financial and commodity products, starting with rates. I'm pleased to say that we were able to expand our total Interest Rate futures, options and swaps revenue to more than $900 million this year, up slightly from the past year. That compares to approximately $600 million in 2012, prior to the swaps clearing mandate. Within fixed income markets, I would be surprised to find others that saw that same upward trend. For example, as many of you know, FICC activity is down fairly significantly during the last three years. We remain actively engaged with our customers, discussing the advantages of liquidity and capital efficiency that we are uniquely positioned to provide. One recent area of significant success is the launch of our Ultra 10-year Treasury Note futures and options contract this past month. This contract provides hedging and spreading opportunities at the true 10-year point of the Treasury yield curve. This is the exact sweet spot where a lot of activity is clustered. I'm happy to say that this launch has been the most successful start of a new contract in our long history of innovation despite an uncertain and volatile trading environment, which is usually a difficult time for a new product to garner any attention. With more than 140 market participants providing consistent liquidity across all regions, the Ultra 10-year Treasury Note futures has been trading more than 20,000 contracts a day over the last few weeks. Open interest has increased steadily since the launch and stands at more than 50,000 contracts, demonstrating this contract's relevance to our client base. Open interest in our actively traded 10-year Treasury Note futures has grown by more than 10% since the Ultra 10-year Treasury Note launch, to almost 3 million contracts, thereby expanding the entire Interest Rate complex. The world's largest and most complex options market is our Eurodollar Options, and total volume there was up 12% to almost 1 million contracts a day in 2015. The percentage of the volume on Globex increased each quarter during the year, from 14% in Q1, up to 22% in Q4. Our Eurodollar Options average daily volume grew to more than 2.1 million contracts per day in January, and record electronic Eurodollar Options averaged more than 450,000 contracts per day, tripling the volume from a year ago. Turning to Equities, a couple of items stand out. Within options we saw a 7% volume increase during the year. Also in 2015, we were very pleased to secure long-term rights to the FTSE Russell indexes as a result of our partnership with the LSE. On January 25, we launched the FTSE Emerging Markets and Europe Developed Markets products and we are looking forward to 2017 when the Russell 2000 launches on CME, and we think there's an opportunity to increase volumes meaningfully. Finally, last quarter, I mentioned we had launched Basis Trade at Index Close functionality for equity futures and S&P 500 Dividend futures. Since the expansion of this so-called B tick (06:15) to the U.S. major indices in November last year, over 132,000 contracts have been traded. This is the business that has historically been done in a bilateral way of exchange. In Commodities, we saw record volume in Energy and Agricultural Products. The impact of El Nio and the potential for La Nia, along with the normal dynamics, has resulted in increased usage of our products. We are particularly pleased with our results in Energy. Our total Energy revenue grew by 15% during the year, more than twice as fast as our closest competitor. We have taken share in crude oil futures and options, natural gas futures and options and within coal. During Q4, we were pleased to see the lifting of the 40-year ban on exporting crude outside the U.S. We think this bodes well for the long-term position of our Energy complex and also within the Metals complex, we achieved record levels of large open interest holders and we picked up volume in market share from competing exchanges in gold, copper, and iron ore. Within our earnings presentation, you'll find a summary slide which highlights many of the initiatives we launched during 2015 to pave the way for continued growth on a global basis. I've gone through some of these on prior calls, so I won't go into any detail this morning. Turning to 2016, our business has been quite active, as volatility has picked up. We've had a great start to the year, with a new record monthly ADV of 18.2 million in January, and record Energy volume. In addition, total options including electronic options were well above previous levels. Related to options, there are many firms utilizing more complex trading strategies, as the markets have become electronified. We are seeing enhanced liquidity within different strikes and expirations in many products, as many market participants have more data and better tools to manage heightened levels of risk. There was an insightful report recently from the TAP group (08:33) on this very topic. Exchanges that have invested in meaningful options activity should benefit on a going-forward basis. One more point on January, the volume of outside the U.S. was 26% of the total volume, up from the 24% we averaged during 2015. It is very nice to see the global participation and increased activity throughout the entire day. It is also worth noting that our open interest grew by 16.5 million contracts or 18% during the month of January, compared to the year-end, and all products have seen higher open interest. This is by far the largest open interest increase we have seen from the prior month. In January, energy volume from outside of the U.S. grew by more than 80% versus the prior year, while equity volume rose more than 65%. While we don't provide guidance on our volume, we do know our product diversity is unmatched and has been very helpful over the years in different environments. We have had a large number of repeat clients who utilize our markets every day and an expanding number of new clients that we are pursuing with multiple sales campaigns. Clearly, there are diverging opinions related to volatility, global risk and political uncertainty. We don't control these things. Our work is centered on growing the number of tools available to our clients, to help them manage their risk. With that, I'm going to turn the call over to John to discuss the financials. Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Gill. And good morning, everyone. CME had a solid fourth quarter in an excellent year. The full year revenue increased by 7% while total adjusted expense was down by 1%. During the year, we adjusted operating margins from 58% to 61%. Our adjusted EPS and net income year-over-year growth were both above 14% in 2015. In Q4 last year, we had the second-highest volume in our history, which made for a tough comparison. I'll start with some revenue details for the fourth quarter. The rate per contract for the fourth quarter was $0.789, up 4% from $0.759 in Q3. Overall, we had an increased proportion of volume from higher-paying non-members during the quarter and also had strong Energy volume, which is one of our higher RPC products. The Energy RPC rebounded to $1.23 per contract, up $0.035 from the prior quarter, due to positive mix shifts within the Energy product line from lower priced Power to higher priced Natural Gas contracts and Energy swaps on ClearPort. Non-member activity in Energy was also significant during the quarter. Adjusted operating expenses for the fourth quarter were $337 million, exactly where we guided. In terms of head count, we ended the year with 2,530 employees, basically flat relative to the end of the third quarter. Our compensation ratio for the year came in at 16.1%, compared to 17% in 2014. Looking at the non-operating income and expense line, our ownership in the S&P Dow Jones joint venture drove $25 million in net earnings from unconsolidated subsidiaries, which is up 13% from the prior year. We remain pleased with the investment we made in the index business, while also ensuring that we continue to offer the world's leading index futures products on CME. Turning to taxes, for the full year, we ended at 36.4%, slightly below the 36.6% range we expected. As a result, the effective tax rate for the quarter was 35.9%. And now to the balance sheet. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had $1.87 billion in cash, restricted cash, and marketable securities. In January, we returned almost $1 billion to shareholders in our variable dividend. Earlier this week, we announced a 20% increase in our regular dividend from $0.50 per share to $0.60. Our dividend yield over the last four years has been more than 5%, and we plan to continue to return excess capital to our shareholders. During the fourth quarter, capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances were $28 million, and for the full year, we came in at $113 million. Our buildout of our New York office space has been completed. We have also made reductions in our data center footprint and we continue to examine opportunities for efficiency there. Looking ahead to guidance for 2016, let me start with operating expenses. We will continue to be as efficient as possible as we execute on our strategy, with an eye to free up dollars to spend on growth initiatives. Going into 2016, we are providing guidance for total expense, excluding our licensing and other fee agreements. In 2015, our non-license fee-related expenses totaled $1.171 billion. Based on our current plans and business mix, I expect that to increase by a modest 1% to approximately $1.185 billion. As many of you know, the forecasted license fees are driven by your assumptions on Equities, Energy, and other Cleared Swaps volumes. In terms of revenue, as a reminder, we implemented the 2016 transaction fee increase across all six product areas beginning in January. And we expect the transaction fee revenue to increase approximately 2%, assuming the same volume levels and product mix. In addition, our Market Data clients who previously received a fee waiver are moving from $42.50 per month per screen, to $85 per month per screen, which is the same level our other customers currently pay. We expect our market data revenue to increase by 4% to 5% in 2016. A couple of additional items. For modeling purposes, at this point, I expect taxes to be at a similar level to 2015, at 36.5%. I expect CapEx to come in between $115 million and $120 million in 2016. In terms of capital expenditures, we continue to execute our Efficiency Program that we started last year to reduce operating expenses to pay for new growth initiatives, reduce the unit cost of critical systems by keeping costs flat while increasing capacity, and by leveraging more Software and Infrastructure as a Service, which tends to flow through expenses rather than capital expenditures. In summary, I'm very pleased with the hard work this year throughout the company. As you know, operating leverage in our business is significant, and that was clearly evidenced this year. We plan to continue to grow our top line and drive as much revenue to our bottom line as possible and into our healthy, growing dividends stream. With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Given the number of analysts who cover us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question so we can get to everyone. Please feel free to get back into the queue if you have any further questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Ken Worthington of JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC: First, could you talk about the  well, I guess, could you talk about the ongoing transition from swaps to futures in the Rate complex? Maybe where you're seeing evidence of progress, and from here, maybe drivers and catalysts and included in the response, can you talk about portfolio margining? I know Gill mentioned that conversations are still taking place, but are you getting uptake on the portfolio margining side and is that a catalyst? And then also the slide in OTC Clearing revenue. That seems to continue as well. So, swaps to futures. Thanks.
Sean Tully - Senior Managing Director-Financial & OTC Products: Yeah, hi, this is Sean Tully jumping in. Thanks for the question. It's been very exciting over the last few years in terms of what we've seen in terms of clients transitioning from swaps over to futures. If you recall early last year, Greenwich Associates published a study looking at our Interest Rate futures on a total cost analysis basis, relative to the swaps marketplace and saw that our Treasury futures, our Eurodollar Futures, our Deliverable Swap Futures, on a consistent basis offer you the same risk profile or a similar risk profile to interest rate swaps at a far lower cost. So, we have seen since 2012 when the mandate to clearance rate swaps got kicked in, a big increase, for example, in our penetration of the cash Treasury bond market. So Treasury futures back in 2012 traded 66% of the average daily volume of the cash government bond market. Last year, if you look at it, we were at 75%. So very significant increase in terms of our market share, relative to the rest of the marketplace. In fact, last year, because of the jump in the gap, right, relative to the bond future, if you adjust for that duration jump, our equivalent penetration now of the cash Treasury market is about 78%. So we continue to see progress. We continue to see migration into our Interest Rate marketplace. If you look actually this morning, we are at over 62 million open interest in our Interest Rate futures complex, Interest Rate futures and options, a near-record. So, very exciting from that standpoint. On the Interest Rate swap side, continued innovation. Continued innovation in that marketplace. There were challenges last year, relative to the CME basis, relative to LCH, but our continued innovation is allowing us to continue to get traction. So last year we saw a huge growth in our Mexican Peso Interest Rate swap clearing and we are now clearing approximately half of that marketplace. And then in December, we had our first trades in Brazilian Reais cleared interest rate swaps. If you get the Mexican Peso, since we are unique in offering that relative to the global marketplace, we are now clearing about half of the global Mexican Peso Interest Rate swap market and it's our third most important currency. Other exciting developments we're seeing is the TN future. So relative to the increases in regulation, the increases in costs relative to capital requirements, on banks in particular, our TN future, a very exciting new launch, where we're seeing a migration into an exciting new product. So our TN future's the single most successful, actually, launch after the first few weeks in CME (19:01) history relative to ADV, open interest and number of large open interest holders. So already after three weeks, we're seeing 58,000 open interest this morning. We're seeing around 25,000 ADV recently and over 140 participants. So very, very exciting. The increases that we're seeing in particular are coming from asset managers, hedge funds and corporates. Asset managers last year actually outperformed the rest of our market segments by about 9% in terms of  in terms of their growth in our Interest Rate complex. So we see a continued migration, and we're continuing to innovate on the swaps area. So, with the Mexican Peso and with the BRL, today we offer 19 currencies relative to our competition's 17 currencies. In addition to that, we do look to launch swaptions clearing earlier this year as another unique value proposition to the marketplace, offering unique credit and capital management tools.
Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Ken, just to sum up what Sean just walked through, if you look at the  and this is in part  part of what I said a short while ago, if you look at the income for the Interest Rate environment, the $600 million three years ago, in a very flat environment, in a continued flat environment, we grew that to $800 million...
Sean Tully - Senior Managing Director-Financial & OTC Products: $900 million. $900 million.
Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Excuse me, $900 million.
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Can I just add something there?
Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Ken, can I  let me just add something really quick here. You know, we went down a couple million dollars in revenue in swaps clearing, but as you recall, a couple of years ago, several years ago, as we started to introduce clearing of swaps, there's a lot of people that thought that we would (20:41) make anywhere between $500 million and $1 billion doing this business. We went out for it very aggressively to price this in order to build up our core business and to grow the revenue in our core business. And I think what Gill and Sean just walked you through is a couple million dollars down in swaps clearing but multiples of that in our core business. So, I think that strategy really worked to perfection.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Michael Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Sameer Murukutla - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning. This is Sameer Murukutla for Michael Carrier.
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Sameer Murukutla - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just on the expense guidance, you know, the growth of 1%, it's pretty conservative relative to your peers. Can you give us some details on what your top-line outlook is, given the 1% growth?
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Well, as you know, we don't give out guidance on volume, which is the main driver relative to clearing transaction fees, but as we look at it as a management team, we're focused really on two things, managing our expenditures and growing our top-line and expanding our margins. So, you're right. We were expecting a very modest 1% increase in expenses and I think what we're looking at is two drivers, one being our Market Data revenue, which we showed was  where we showed the increase, about 4% to 5%, and then we've also used the lever in terms of pricing in our transaction fees. We provide a tremendous amount of value to our clients. So, we have a 2% increase across the board in our transaction fees. So, when you take a look at the month of January, we've had a record volume for the month of January. We've seen large increases in our options complex. So, the things that we laid out to do, growing internationally, growing our options complex, we've taken the opportunity to adjust prices. So, our top-line is  we're hitting on all levers there. And on the expense side, just  one of the things that we're doing, like I said, is managing the expenditures very carefully, and we've really focused on efficiency, in light of  in light of security spending, regulatory spending, which we've made investments in over time. And we're continuing to look at our technological infrastructure. Also, we are looking at keeping our compensation relatively flat as well as we kind of manage the  the human capital here too.
Sameer Murukutla - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Perfect. I appreciate the detail. Thanks for taking my question.
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Rich Repetto of Sandler O'Neill.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Yeah, good morning and congrats on the operating leverage you exhibited in the model this year, over 100% incremental margins.
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Anyway, my question  Congrats. My question is on clearinghouses. Since I got one question, and so just today, there was a journal article about stress-testing clearinghouses in Europe, and Chairman Massad just talked about tests of recovering resilience here. So, I guess the question is, first, is there anything  do you have a view on what could be coming down the road? And will there be any incremental costs, or capital needed in the clearinghouse in your view? And then the second part of it is Eurex also got approved as a clearinghouse here in the U.S. You're over there in London or in Europe, do you have any plans to expand the clearing beyond just the FX? I believe it's Metals that you clear right now.
Kimberly S. Taylor - President-Global Operations, Technology & Risk: Hi, Rich, it's Kim. With respect to the stress-testing issue for clearinghouses, we invest significant effort already in various types of stress-testing in the clearinghouse that we perform on a daily basis, including stress-testing of the risk waterfall and the capital that's needed for CME to contribute to that. So, we would not anticipate any impact from minor changes in regulation there.
Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer & Director: With respect to the CME exchange in Europe, there are plans to expand beyond the Agricultural products, and the FX products that are there. And I ask Derek to make a comment there.
Derek L. Sammann - Senior MD-Commodity & Options Products: Yeah, I think we've actually been quite successful in building the European utilities business out there. So, if you look at the way  actually we just hit a recent open interest record of about 58,000 contracts, of which about 55,000 is in our European utilities slate of power, gas, and emissions. So, we're very excited we hit a new ADV record in cocoa, which is also clearing, traded on the European exchange, clearing through the European clearinghouse. So, we like the open interest build and the ADV. It's really accessing a brand-new client base for us that extends us into a footprint of users that are not traditional users of Henry Hub, or TI, or products that are part of our core record setting-franchise this year. So, good expansion and looking for more growth in 2016.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: And I guess the question is  on the first part was, I know there's no incremental costs, but I guess, you're not expecting any major changes then, I guess, in the  in the guidelines for clearinghouses then?
Kimberly S. Taylor - President-Global Operations, Technology & Risk: Correct.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Good morning, everybody.
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I have a question for you guys on the  question for you on the energy business. How do you expect the lift of the US oil export ban, I guess, to impact the business and, I guess, Gill, I heard you talk a little bit in the prepared remarks that you guys are excited about the opportunity, but maybe provide a little bit more granularity either into specific contracts, strategies, or new users you potentially could target, given this change. Thanks.
Derek L. Sammann - Senior MD-Commodity & Options Products: Yeah, it's Derek. I'll jump in here. We're actually- we've already seen a pretty significant increase in participation in the levels of activity across our entire suite of products. There was actually an article out this morning on Bloomberg talking about a product that we just launched nine months ago, the LOOP storage contract that reflects exactly the infrastructure shifts and the market dynamic shifts that are now reflective of a waterborne WTI product. So, we've got the participation levels where not only did we hit large open interest holder levels in 2015, we actually saw record levels of Chinese participation and revenue generation. In fact, the greatest revenue generator for us in China in 2015 was our Energies complex, about 82% growth year on year there. So, this is a product that the story is one of a globalizing waterborne product, the market now, I think the first shipment actually left the Gulf Coast last week and headed for Japan. So, this is something we've been positioning for, for the last 18 months or so. We put ourselves in a position with both the innovative new storage contract with LOOP launched about nine months ago, in addition to our globalizing sales efforts to make sure that wherever there is an interest in energies, we're going to make sure that we are pounding the pavement with our customers. And finally, on page 12 of the deck that we circulated, you will actually notice that 22% of our energies revenues now come from outside the U.S. That's up from just 18% last year, two years ago. So, we are seeing significant  a significant growth in the participation in January, particularly as a continuation of that trend. So, we're globalizing our footprint. We're expanding our customer base and there's  and that gas piece I'm happy to go into as well. But I think I've got my time used up on this one.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. All right. Thanks. Thanks for the color there, guys.
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ken Hill of Barclays.
Kenneth W. Hill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, good morning, everyone.
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Ken.
Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Ho.
Kenneth W. Hill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, I wanted to ask, you guys have a number of investment companies that are pretty interesting as far as portfolio companies you have on the technology side. One of them is Dwolla, which tends to get the most attention in the digital payment area. I was wondering if you could talk about the investments you're making in clearing and payment infrastructure. And then how you actually see that evolving. So I'm assuming that has a lot of implications for your customers and for you, as well, on the expense side. So, when do you think some of these kind of newer companies might bring that technology to market to impact people in a meaningful way?
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Sure, Ken. This is John. We do have a venture group, CME Ventures, that has been investing in technology companies that we see as potentially being important to us in the long run. So, we've been investing in real-time payments. We've been investing in Blockchain. We've been investing in Big Data, computing technology companies, and the like. So, it's important for us because what we're able to do is by making these investments, we can get a kind of a view of the kind of the future, if you will, and bring that kind of that innovation back into the company. And one of the things that we have a strong culture on is innovation and bringing this knowledge into the company helps us in terms of our long-term planning
Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, and just to add to what John said, if you look at some of the emerging technologies and the investments that we have made, they translate very neatly into use cases for us. And so we have a bunch of folks running a bunch of use cases across not just the payment and the settlement side but across many aspects of the operations of the firm, with the  with the intention to reduce not just our costs, but the costs of connecting into our client base. And  and in turn, reducing our client's costs.
Kenneth W. Hill - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks for taking my question.
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank.
Brian B. Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, folks. Maybe just on the international theme, John, can you talk about what type of RPC trends you see from the non-U.S. users versus the U.S. So, if you are penetrating that market faster, especially on the Energy side increasingly there and also on the Rate side, is that something that can drive material lift to the RPC over and above your forecast? And then if you could also just comment on the program to incentivize users on brand (31:51), where we stand on that right now?
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Sure. When you take a look at the  when you take a look at the RPC from outside the U.S, it tends to be higher than within the U.S., because those clients tend not to be members of the Exchange. They pay a higher rate. So outside the U.S., it's about 37% higher RPC than within the U.S., which  and also when you heard Derek, penetrating outside the U.S. in the Energy space, Energy tends to be one of our higher RPC products. So it's really  it's an important growth area for us, both from a rate per contract, but also from a volume perspective. I'll turn it over to Bryan to comment on the clients overseas.
Bryan T. Durkin - Chief Commercial Officer: Yeah, I think this demonstrates our very targeted campaign approach to selling and it's delivering results across all of our asset classes. We have seen an 81% increase in activity out of the Energy complex, the main drivers have been from Asia and some of the emerging EMEA markets and in particularly, we've seen some nice new business coming from new commercial clients. We've generated about, I think, 88 or close to 90-something commercial clients globally, and a third of that is coming out of international. So you're going to see more and more efforts in that regard in terms of our targeted approach to these clients. We've been also very heavily intensifying our efforts in our cross-selling. You've heard me talk about that in the past, and we generated new business from new firms, as a result, I think about 500 new firms and that's broken down to 121 asset managers, 88 new commercial clients, and about 300-plus hedge funds. Again, a third of that is coming out of international.
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: I'll say there, just jumping in, specifically on the Energy side, with Brent particularly we actually rolled back some of the incentives in January, so that's going to help the RPC a little bit. We're continuing to grow the business, about 140,000 ADV, maintaining about 12% market share and most pleasingly, we're actually seeing an increased market share of the Brent CI spread that are traded as a listed spread. We're up to about 40% of that market and on bigger days we're closer to 50%. So RPC help and we're getting into a more diversified client base by adding more Brent participation on the commercial side.
Brian B. Bedell - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. That's super helpful. Thanks so much.
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kyle Voigt of KBW.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Kyle.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Just a couple for John on the market data guidance. I guess we had expected a bit of a larger uptick in revenues, given the full elimination of the fee waiver this year. Can you help us understand what your assumptions are for subscriber attrition for 2016 as you move to 100% of the full monthly rate, and then do you already have insight into the customer attrition at this point in the year? And then, I guess lastly, is just can you just remind us when the last time when you adjusted monthly prices for the market data terminals and how often you typically review this pricing.
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Sure, thanks, Kyle. As I indicated in the prepared remarks, we're expecting a 4% to 5% increase in terms of overall market data revenue. As you know, we're moving  we've moved our  or grandfathered fee waivered clients from $0 to $42.50 and now up to $85, the same as our other customers. With respect to attrition and the like, we don't have that information now as we're going through the first billing cycle for customers at the $85 level. So our base core, previously the non-grandfathered clients have remained relatively stable. The grandfathered ones, I think we'll have a little bit more insight as we go into billing at the full rate. Bryan, would you like to comment on it, from what you see from a customer perspective?
Bryan T. Durkin - Chief Commercial Officer: I just feel that we've done a very good job in terms of stabilizing any reduction in the terminals and you can see that over the course of the past year-and-a-half since we put in the elimination of this waiver. We've seen consistent activity and I would say some additional take-up from those at the full rate. And in terms of those that were grandfathered, we've also seen consistent usage from that group, and we're monitoring it closely as John indicated but we're pretty confident that we went through the main consolidation since we eliminated that fee waiver. And we're really focused now on delivering new products and augmenting the data business that we have today.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: And then, sorry, also on the monthly  how often you typically adjust the monthly prices for market data terminals and how often you review that pricing  or when the last time you reviewed that?
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Yes  sorry, Kyle, this is John. We generally have increased prices every two years. And the last time we did it was two years ago.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Patrick O'Shaughnessy of Raymond James.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, good morning and welcome back to the call for Kim.
Kimberly S. Taylor - President-Global Operations, Technology & Risk: Thank you.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: So, it seems like the clearinghouse equivalence rule is kind of coming to a head. I think February 21 is the EMIR deadline in terms of determining whether U.S. clearinghouses are compliant for European banks. What do you see as the resolution of this issue?
Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Pat. I'm going to ask the chairman to answer.
Terrence A. Duffy - Executive Chairman & President: Pat, this is Terry Duffy. Thanks, Gill. You know, Pat, we've been working on the equivalence issue for quite some time now, and we've been working with Chairman Tim Massad actually since the day he's been sworn in, into the administration to take the role at the CFTC. This has been a big issue. This has been a long road, working through all the different issues. We feel very confident that we've gotten all the issues resolved. I met with the chairman along with Gill and Kim and a few other folks just a couple days ago, and I assure you that chairman Massad understands the magnitude of the potential market disruption if in fact the U.S. is not deemed equivalent prior to the February 21 frontloading date. So, that being said, it gives us some comfort, but we'd like to see it ahead of time. That being said, we have seen some recent articles, I think in Risk magazine, where a couple of banks have made comments as to what they may or may not do, come February 21, and then you've heard from some other participants saying that they feel very confident and they're not overly concerned about this. This is an issue that we are very focused on and we will stay focused on until it's granted. But, again, I think the chairman has recognized that there could be market disruptions and that would be the worst thing that could happen  not only to the U.S. market, but to the European participants as well, if equivalence is not granted to the United States. So, we feel confident that we will get this done.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Chris Harris of Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher M. Harris - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, guys. The S&P Dow Jones venture had a very strong year. I'm wondering if you can expand a little bit on what the drivers of that were. Was it just volumes, strong volumes or was something else going on there? And then anything you guys can share about the outlook would be helpful too.
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Sure, this is John. In terms of the JV, we are very pleased with our investment in the  in our joint venture with McGraw-Hill. And the general drivers for the business are assets under management, as well as license fees generated from exchanges that utilize their trademark and IP. So, it would be primarily CME and the CBOE. And, so we end up profiting from activity both from the move from active to passive investing, which is a megatrend in the investing space, as well as trading activity on both from futures and options, as well. So, we think  we were very bullish on that business. It has characteristics very similar to ours, a lot of leverage in their model. And, I think we're very optimistic in terms of the trends in investing and, the position that the JV has globally.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Rob Rutschow of CLSA Americas.
Rob Rutschow - CLSA Americas LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Rob.
Rob Rutschow - CLSA Americas LLC: You give some very helpful commentary on the non-U.S. I had a couple of small follow-ups. You have a lot of new clients, but are those the ones that are driving additional non-U.S. volume or are you seeing better penetration from older non-US clients, and those new clients are kind of a pipeline for additional growth? And then secondly, are you seeing  are you taking some share from some of the non-U.S. venues that have look-a-like contracts for  especially for some of your commodities products?
Bryan T. Durkin - Chief Commercial Officer: So this is Bryan. I'm going to break it down into three categories. One of the benefits of having the broad swath of Interest Rate products that we represent, we're able to reach the client base, particularly within London. We've brought in some new business, particularly in the shorter end of our yield curve that we just haven't tapped before and that's a strong testament to the product complex that we represent. Also, I think I alluded to earlier our intensified efforts on cross-selling. So, from existing clients, what that means is going in, working with them through strong rigorous marketing and education programs and helping existing users understand how we can complement their business, for example, with Metals, having them come in and do some activity into our Foreign Currency products to hedge their foreign currency risk. That has been very successful. So, to be able to back that up, new business from existing customers, what we have seen  existing customers now trading over, I think, it's 1,700 new products that they hadn't tried before. So, it's new business from existing customers, and then it's also new business from new customers, which I outlined  new business from new customers which I outlined earlier. Again, it's a combination of targeted sales, bringing together our marketing, our strategy and our business line units together to go out there and call that new business.
Rob Rutschow - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Jonathan Casteleyn of Hedgeye.
Jonathan Edward Casteleyn - Hedgeye Risk Management LLC (Research): Hi, good morning.
Sean Tully - Senior Managing Director-Financial & OTC Products: Good morning.
Jonathan Edward Casteleyn - Hedgeye Risk Management LLC (Research): The earnings trajectory  hi, good morning. The earnings trajectory of the exchange is going way up. The stocks multiple is coming down a little bit, though. So, I'm surmising that there's some fears about the trading community. And so I'm just curious if you can talk about the breadth of the user base. And, in 2011, you had a big step up in activity, only to be met with declines in 2012 and 2013. So curious, are there any signs that maybe it's different this time, that the activity levels are more sustainable, just from a breadth standpoint going forward?
Bryan T. Durkin - Chief Commercial Officer: This is Bryan again. I mean, if you look across the client segments, we actually for the past year, year-on-year, saw anywhere from single digit and I would say single-digit from the proprietary segment to double-digit growth, double-digit covering our hedge fund asset management community, as well as our retail. One of the things that we really haven't emphasized here is our very strong targeted focus on building up our retail client base. I think this year alone we opened up close to 50,000 additional accounts in that arena. Again, the targeted sales approach across all of these asset classes, bringing together Derek and Sean's team, has enabled us to  to penetrate those markets. An interesting one, particularly in the commercial and corporate side of things, seeing about a 8%- close to 10% year on year growth, that's a real positive for us in the context of our overall Interest Rate business
Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer & Director: This is Gill. I just want to emphasize one thing that Derek touched upon a short while ago, and this is a testament, again, to the investment that we have made over the years in growing our sales force around the world. And that is  and the people, relationships, and education campaigns that we have run in China. The past two months, as the upheaval in China has intensified, we have seen a very large number of trade, traders that are seeking opportunities outside of China and that's been driving a significant portion of the international growth that Bryan is referring to here. You're also seeing the open interest for the entire exchange growing significantly, which is another thing that you did not see in the years that you mentioned, right? So these things, together with the product development, that has been done across the board, is what I would say, differentiates us in this environment from the  from the past ones.
Terrence A. Duffy - Executive Chairman & President: And let me just give you my- this is Terry Duffy- my short take on this. Because, participants are interesting. They come and go, and they go from asset class to different asset class. But of one of the things that we've been talking a little bit about this morning, is the growth in the open interest in our options products and I really believe that when you look at options growth, that's what preserves your futures contracts. So that's what continues to attract new futures participants. So, we've done a really good job of bolstering our options products with the growth that we've seen in them, that you've got to realize they don't turn over as much as our futures but what they do is they help the Risk Management product, which is the futures contract and you need  you need to have bigger growth in your options in order to garner more participants in your futures and that's exactly what we're doing. So we expect that mix  always goes up and down, but this is something that I have never seen in my 36-year history to see the options growth outpace the futures growth and that's a great healthy sign for this company.
Jonathan Edward Casteleyn - Hedgeye Risk Management LLC (Research): Thanks so much for your thoughts.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Andrew Bond of RBC Capital Markets.
Andrew Bond - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Sean Tully - Senior Managing Director-Financial & OTC Products: Good morning. Andrew.
Andrew Bond - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi guys. I wanted to follow up on Ken's question and get your take on the basis spread with LCH. Clearing activity has been a little light to start the year off, with LCH. And I'm wondering if you think it's primarily related to the basis spread. It appears it's come in a bit over the recent weeks, but do you think CME can meaningfully grow clearing activity as the spread settles around these levels and how does it affect the Interest Rate complex as a whole and futurization, I guess?
Sean Tully - Senior Managing Director-Financial & OTC Products: Yes, this is a  excuse me, Sean jumping in again. In terms of the basis, it has been stable in January and it's really, the level of the basis is really kind of irrelevant to clients. What's much more important is the bit offer spread that they get coming in and the bit offer spread they get going out, and the level of rates they get coming in versus the level of rates coming out. So we don't see that as highly significant to the marketplace. One of the things we have seen is a very large increase in the dealer to dealer activity on CME Group, so we see the dealers hedging their positions on CME with each other. So if you look at that, actually, on recent days we've had dealer-to-dealer activity on the platform, as much as 30% of the overall volumes. One of the things I said before, again, if you look in addition to that, the migration over the futures, I slightly misspoke. In 2012, we actually had 56% penetration of the cash Treasury bond market, 66% in 2013, and then last year, 75%. So we see also a very large migration over into our futures.
Andrew Bond - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. With no further questions, I'd like to turn the conference back over for any additional or closing remarks.
Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you all for joining us on this call and we look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you
Operator: Thank  thank you for your participation. That does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Peschier - Managing Director, IR Phupinder Gill - Chief Executive Officer John Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer Terry Duffy - Executive Chairman and President Bryan Durkin - Chief Commercial Officer Derek Sammann - Senior Managing Director, Commodities and Options Products Sean Tully - Senior Managing Director, Financial and OTC Products
Analysts: Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rich Repetto - Sandler ONeill Ken Hill - Barclays Dan Fannon - Jefferies Chris Allen - Evercore Patrick OShaughnessy - Raymond James Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Kyle Voigt - KBW Amanda Yao - JP Morgan
Operator: Welcome to the CME Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. John Peschier. Please begin.
John Peschier: Thank you for joining us this morning. Gill and John will spend a few minutes discussing the third quarter and then we will open up the call for your questions. Terry, Bryan, Derek and Sean are on the call as well, will participate in the Q&A session. Before they begin I will read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC which are available on our website. With that I would like to turn the call over to Gill.
Phupinder Gill: Thank you, Mr. Peschier and thank you all for joining us today. We had an outstanding third quarter across the board. We delivered significant top-line growth in transaction fees and market data revenue which coupled with solid expense control, resulted in a 21% increase in adjusted earnings per share. We continue to benefit from revenue strength that is fairly balanced. Total transaction fee revenue growth for the third quarter was 12%. Commodity products were 14% higher and financial products were up 10%. I will go through the highlights of these two segments for the quarter and then Ill touch our growth initiatives. Starting with commodities, all three product areas were up double-digit in terms of volume. Within energy, average daily volume was up 26%, driven by more than 30% growth in our crude business, while natural gas and refine products have done well, up 9% in total. Our WTI futures and options volume was up 39% in Q3, while the other major crude offering traded at a competitor was up 7%. Recently the Goldman Sachs Commodity Index preliminary re-ratings were released. The WTI futures are now the largest component and represent 23% of the total index, which clearly reflects our clients choice in risk management tools among our crude oil liquidity pools. Additionally, our WTI options increased by 50% for the quarter. Turning to ags, we are tracking for a record volume year. During the third quarter, our ag volume was up 20% with continued strength after a record quarter in Q2. Some highlights include corn, which was up 40% year-over-year and wheat which was up 29%. Within metals, precious metals rose 12%, while the smaller base metals grew by 26%. During the quarter, we continued to rollout innovative new commodities products. We announced at South American Short-Dated Soybean options contract offering South American producers a flexible and cost effective tool manage new crop price risk. And on the back of our success in the copper business, which was up 26% in Q3, we continue to expand our base metals products suite. In addition to launching zinc futures, we are also launching a global physically delivered led contract with U.S. and European delivery points as well as new aluminum European premium futures following success with our U.S. Midwest premium futures. On a European energy side, we launch a suite of European power contracts to complement the European gas futures that we launch in January, which will be further enhanced by European emissions futures that we plan to launch in the next month. I will touch on some interesting new partnerships in a few minutes. Moving onto our financial products, we had an impressive quarter in our equity business with volume up 27%, driven by increased volatility. Equity options growth during the quarter was 32%. During the month of August, we had the two higher days ever in our equities options products with both days above 1.9 million contracts. Within interest rates and FX, we have seen some slowdown in activity as a result of the expectations over Fed move being pushed out several months. We have seen that before and the opportunity remains in front of us. We continue to innovate and believe we are well-positioned in those products. CME Fed Funds futures are tripled and open interest has doubled this year as the market has used the Fed Funds futures contracts to manage risk in relation to uncertainty of Fed rate hikes. The CMEs FedWatch too that translates Fed Funds futures prices into probability of rate moves by the FOMC, gives more than 30% chance of a rate move in December and over 50% chance of a rate move by March of 2016. From a growth perspective, a couple of important points, in early August, we were pleased to announce the licensing deal with FTSE Russell Indexes and we look forward to driving growth in these products. We have already launched futures on the Russell 1000, Russell 1000 Growth and Value, FTSE 100 Emerging Markets, and FTSE China 50 Indexes and other products. We will be rolling out the FTSE Emerging Markets, the FTSE Developed Europe in 2016 and most importantly, the Russell 2000 in 2017. In addition, on November 16, we plan to launch S&P Dividend Index Futures as well as introducing the so-called Basis Trade Index at Close or BTIC functionality to the S&P 500, NASDAQ and Dow Jones Index futures. Within interest rates, lastly we announced plans to launch the Ultra 10-year treasury note futures and options contract, which I alluded to last quarter. This contract provides hedging and spreading opportunities at the true 10-year point of the treasury yield curve. Market participants approached us in the first half of this year and suggested that we look at a futures contract that can provide deep liquidity and capital and margin efficiencies of the treasury futures complex to the highly traded 10-year point on the treasury yield curve. CME conducted an extensive market validation process of three potential contract designs. We found great enthusiasm, interest and deep held views on the design and usefulness from market participants. The design announcement for the new Ultra 10-year futures has received a significant positive feedback from our customers. Looking at our global business, we had the best quarter ever in terms of volume and percentage of total volume from outside the U.S. The total electronic average daily volume for the quarter of 3.2 million contracts was up 15% from the prior year. In addition, the total electronic volume traded from outside of the U.S. exceeded 25% for the first time and revenue from outside of the U.S. represented 32% of the total. Our interest rate business has been particularly strong outside the U.S. as electronic revenue has grown from 31% in Q3 last year to 37% this quarter. We continued to establish global partnerships, particularly in Asia over the last few months. We announced an exclusive license arrangement with Rim Intelligence, a leading provider of pricing data in Japan, to develop and clear energy derivatives based on their LNG data. Secondly, we signed an MOU with MCX, Indias leading commodity exchange related to product development, market allegation and the licensing agreement for rupee denominated oil and gas contracts based on NYMEX prices. We have made three noteworthy announcements with Chinese entities. We announced an index development and product licensing agreement with China Securities Index Company for commodity index development. Weve signed an agreement with CFETS, Chinas largest marketplace for interest rate and foreign exchange products related to joint development and innovation of offshore, renminbi and related products. As part of the agreement, CFETS will help facilitate China interbank market participants to trade CME Groups products. And finally, last week, we signed an MOU with China Construction Bank to offer offshore Chinese RMB futures contracts with physical delivery in London for the first time, which will be offered by CME Europe. We believe our cooperative efforts will continue to unlock opportunities for our shareholders as we continue to grow our customer base and volume around the world. Turning to our options business, as you know, we have invested in system enhancements, new products, and investor education, which are driving a significant usage of our diverse suite of options products. Q3 options volume reached a record level of 2.9 million contracts per day. We also saw the highest percentage of this business trading electronically which reached 55% electronic during the quarter. One of the key drivers of our continued electronic options success is on investment in enabling more complex options spread to trade on Globex. In Q3, we saw a record 45% of all option spreads trade electronically versus just 10% in 2010. And volume in the worlds largest major options contracts, our Eurodollar options traded on Globex jumped by more than 60% to a record 200,000 contracts per day in Q3 and reached 21% electronic versus 14% a year ago. In summary, we continue to deliver strong results but more importantly, we are intensely focus on running the business as efficiently as we can while laying the foundation for future growth in the years to come. Im going to turn the call over to John to discuss the financials. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thank you, Gill; and good morning, everyone. CME had a strong quarter, another great job by the team on both the revenue and expense side, with revenue up 12% and expenses basically flat. Our adjusted operating margin of 62.7% was the highest level weve seen since 2011. Finally, our adjusted EPS grew 21% during the quarter, compared to the prior year, driven by organic growth. Ill start with some revenue details. The rate per contract for the third quarter was $0.759, down from $0.777 last quarter, driven primarily by a product shift from ags to equities, volume discounts, and a drop in the energy RPC as a result of the contract mix. In September, within energy, we saw a significant increase in our small size power contracts, which accounted for 8% of the energy volume for that month, or 161,000 contracts per day. During the second quarter, the power contracts accounted for less than one-half of 1% of the volume, and for Q3 that jumped up to 5% at an average of $0.06 for contract. Cleared swaps revenue totaled $16.3 million for the quarter. We captured a $166 per IRS-cleared trade, higher than weve seen in prior quarters due to our customer mix. We cleared approximately 1,370 trades per day in Q3. Market data revenue of $99.5 million was up 13% versus Q3 last year, driven primarily by the elimination of our fee waiver program which we have discussed the last few quarters. This came in slightly below our guidance and we would expect it to dip slightly in Q4. Adjusted operating expenses for the third quarter were $317 million, down from last year. We remain extremely focused on driving efficiency throughout the organization and eliminating redundancy to continue to improve agility, and customer and market responsiveness. At the end of quarter, we had 2,525 employees, down 5% from three months ago, driven by our futures pit closures in July and staff reductions in August. Our headcount is down 11% from the same quarter last year. Stock-based compensation cost came in below our normal run-rate primarily due to higher forfeiture on expenses we previously recognized. After some variability in our stock-based compensation last two quarters, we expect to revert to a run-rate of approximately $50 million per quarter. Modest fluctuations may result in future periods due to some changes in expectations regarding achievement of performance share targets. Our composition ratio year-to-date is running at an industry leading 16.1%, down from 17.1% 2014 and 17.4% in 2013. During the quarter, it came in at 15.4%. Looking at the non-operating income and expense line, our ownership in the S&P, Dow Jones joint venture drove the $26.6 million in net earnings from unconsolidated subsidiaries, which was up 33% from the prior year. We remain pleased with the investment we made in the index business, while also assuring, we continue to offer the worlds leading index futures products on CME. Turning taxes, the effective rate for the quarter was 36.3%. I expect the fourth quarter to be approximately 37% or a full year tax rate of 36.6%. And now to the balance sheet: At the end of the third quarter, we had $1.61 billion in cash, restricted cash, and marketable securities. That is approximately $910 million above our $700 million minimum cash target. During the third quarter, capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances was $30 million. And year-to-date CapEx has totaled $85 million. We expect full year 2015 CapEx to be backend loaded in Q4 and should come in lower than we expected at approximately $125 million. For the full year expenses, we initially guided to $1.31 billion which we reduced by $10 million last quarter, and I am going to reduce that by another $5 million to $1.295 billion. This includes absorbing a $12 million increase in license fees so far this year, based on volume growth. The guidance would result in a 2% expense reduction in Q4 compared to the prior year on an adjusted basis. As we mention at this time every year, we have a large amount of marketing and customer related spend in the fourth quarter that will drive the sequential increase from Q3. Finally, we communicated and adjusted 2016 transaction fee schedule across all six product areas to our customers last week. We expect the transaction fee revenue to increase approximately 2%, assuming the same volume levels and product mix next year. In summary, the third quarter of 2015 once again demonstrated the power of CME Groups business model. Broad-based volume growth from our divers product set and our disciplined expense management drove adjusted EPS up more than 20%, continuing our growth in the first half of the year. We also continue to generate a significant amount of excess cash which we plan to return to our shareholders. With that, we would like to open up the call for your questions. Given the number of analysts who cover us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question, so we can get to everyone. Please feel free to get back into the queue if you have any further questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michael Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead sir.
Michael Carrier: Thanks guys. John, maybe just on some of the guidance, just on the market data, you mentioned in the fourth quarter, a little moderation. Just wanted to get a sense, given what you guys have done on like the waivers, what we should be expecting as you head into 2016? And then same thing on the expenses, obviously this year expenses have been well-controlled. Just wanted to think, next year whats the expense outlook, particularly what you mentioned just on like the equity compensation normalized?
John Pietrowicz: Thanks Mike, again this is John. In terms of the market data, as you can imagine, forecasting attrition is not an exact science. And revenue came in slightly lower than we had guided to. And we would anticipate it being slightly lower again in the fourth quarter. We are keeping a strong eye on it as we go into next year. As you know those that were grandfathered will now be paying the full freight amount which is approximately double what they are paying today. We dont have any guidance on that as yet. We are working with our clients to make sure that we keep that -- any attrition down to as low as possible. In terms of expenses, we are going through the budgeting process now. As you can imagine, we are focused strongly on expenses and will be giving guidance in the -- during the first quarter or -- I am sorry, end of the year conference call in January. In terms of expenses we are down about 2% based on our guidance in the fourth quarter. Again, we are focused on expenses going into next year. And we will be making sure that were optimizing the entire expense base during the budgeting process. As it relates to stock-based compensation, what you saw this quarter was an adjustment because the grant date and the vesting date for the stock awards occurs annually in September and that the forfeiture rates are updated at this time, and because of the actions weve taken over the last few years, we had adjusted to reflect the reduced number of employees. We are anticipating going back to approximately a $15 million run-rate on stock-based compensation but there will be some variability in it going into next year because of the proportion of performance related stock awards will cause some fluctuation because they adjust, both based on our performance as well as performance of the S&P 500 or a group of peer companies.
Michael Carrier: And just the stock base is 11 and youre saying its just going to 15. So, I just want to make sure I had that number right.
John Pietrowicz: Yes, its been trending about 15. We had an adjustment last quarter because performance and in this year because of the reduced number of employees. So, it will go back to approximately $15 million run rate.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Rich Repetto of Sandler ONeill. Please go ahead.
Rich Repetto: I guess my question is going to be broader; its going to be on the topic of market data. And Im just trying to get your views as you see your peer or your competitor make a sizeable acquisition and with the strategy -- that there is going to be a lot more value placed on market data going forward. So I guess, I was just trying to see what your view on that was. Your market data has been performing nicely because of price increases, but just trying to see whether there is an expansion opportunity or what you think about that?
Phupinder Gill: Hi Rich, this is Gill. Ill start and Ill ask Bryan to address some of the specifics of our market data businesses. If you look at the market data business with CME, I think we pioneered the acquisition of IP, which we had the opportunity then to actually grow with respect to new products and indexes that the S&P, Down Jones joint venture has. And as part of the business of CME its 25% before taxes and growing, as John pointed out in his remarks. Ill ask Bryan to add a little bit here.
Bryan Durkin: Weve really worked it consolidating our efforts in terms of our sales effectiveness with market data. And its enabled us to position ourselves well on a global basis as part of our new client acquisitions or our core products across CME Group; market data is a big part of that element. So as we get new clients coming in, certainly part of that is recognized in terms of our market data. So, you can expect focus on direct new client, direct sales efforts from that perspective, development and commercialization of data analytics initiatives that we have underway, further growth in terms of our benchmarking services, and then further development of our S&P joint venture. So as Gill alluded to, were intensifying our efforts from that strong relationship.
Phupinder Gill: Rich, you may also have seen that over the course of the last few years, as a result of CME Groups beginning to credit swaps, we have introduced a lot of analytical tools for our clients with respect to understanding what the impact of margin really; requirements are going to be as they combine their futures and their swaps portfolios. And so this all requires a lot of tool kits that we have passed onto our client base. And so that forms part and parcel, even though we dont charge for it. Its becoming a very important element of what our clients need and this has been a trend that has been the case for over the past several years.
Rich Repetto:
Operator: Thank you. Your next question, Ken Hill of Barclays. Your line is open.
Ken Hill: So, Ive noticed in some of your marketing a lot more pointed advertising around the Eurodollar, particularly as it compares to products like Euribor futures, like deeper liquidities and good forward visibility and trading hours as someone overlap with London there. Has that generated much interest there from participants in the market? Its historically traded products like your Euribor. And are there any changes you guys might look to make to the sales force there to potentially I guess flush out that opportunity a little bit more and maybe use Eurodollar as a substitute product?
Sean Tully: So, this is Sean jumping in. So, in terms of our Eurodollar futures and Eurodollar options, absolutely, weve seen an increased interest. Weve actually seen a very nice jump in the open interest in our Eurodollar options and particularly this year. The big thing to point that is 4 of our 10 largest market makers in 2015, are new. So they were not market makers in our Eurodollar options last year, number one; and number two, they are large market makers in the Euribor complex. So, we are definitely penetrating European marketplace in a very substantial way this year in way. In addition to that one thing I might update folks on in terms of Fed Funds. We did see as of yesterday that meeting, the probability of Fed tightening in December well over 40% and the probability according to our Fed Funds futures of tightening by March now well over 65%.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is Dan Fannon of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dan Fannon: My question is for Gill and its around kind of your views on M&A and how that might evolve if -- you just stay with some of the Fed Funds futures outlook. But is that if were kind of in a scenario where things dont move that much next year, does that make you think about M&A more aggressively or just more tactically? And just kind of update us on your thoughts at this point?
Phupinder Gill: We are always looking at all opportunities as they exist there. And anything that will drive shareholder value for us or makes sense to our business, we will always explore. So, it doesnt have to be an exchange necessarily, it has to be a service or a growth initiative around what the client base needs. And so a lot of the analytical tools that we have been providing the marketplace over the last few years as a result of swap clearing, you can expect us to continue to work in that direction as we start seeing our market and the products that we are rolling out, grow. I talked a little bit about the 10year contract a short while ago. I think if there are any opportunities surrounding those types of things, either in the commodity space or in the financial space, we will explore them. Currently as you might know, we have CME venture group that has placed small bets on what I call, emerging trends in the marketplace that might lead to commercial arrangement that we might find with these firms, such as the one that we introduced with DOLAT [ph] couple of days ago. So, these types of things are always on our radar with a very clear view to what the future might hold for CME Group in this space.
Operator: Thank you our next question is Chris Allen of Evercore. Your line is open.
Chris Allen: You guys have done a very good job in the expense side, reducing the headcount. I am just wondering, do you see further opportunities moving forward? I mean potentially closing the pits option and for electronic [ph] is the obvious one but the other areas that you guys are focused on improving efficiencies? Where you think margins could get to in a very choppy environment over the course of the year?
John Peschier: Thanks Chris, this John. Were going through the budging and planning process now, and I think the entire team has a focus on running the engine as efficiently as possible. So, we are looking at -- or constantly looking at how we can optimize our expense base without impacting future growth. And youve hit on one of them which is as we go electronic and if the market takes the option complex electronic, that has a potential to offer some cost savings. We also are looking at things like consolidating our data centers and continuing that process, optimizing our real estate footprints to make sure that we have the optimal space for our employees. We are also looking at utilizing contract services from outside the United States where we can provision them more cost effectively. As you take look at our headcount, I would imagine over time, you will see more headcount growing internationally because as Gill still indicated, thats where our growth is -- there is a large amount of our growth coming from overseas. So, in terms of our overall margins, weve got the highest margin right row since 2011 with incremental margins above 90%. So, I think there is no artificial limit in terms of how higher margin can go. In fact weve hit a high of over 65% in the not so distant pat. So I think we dont look at it from the perspective of how high we can grow our margin, we look at it in terms of how efficiently were running our expenses, what levers we have to pull to grow the top line and investing for growth. So thats the way were thinking about it. And as I mentioned, we are going to be reviewing with our board, our 2016 plan in the coming weeks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Patrick OShaughnessy of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Patrick OShaughnessy: So, I was hoping you could help me kind of characterize the competitive landscape right now in energy trading. Certainly you guys have very robust competition with ICE for a number of years and now you have NASDAQ coming into the market. Just how do you see things playing out at this point?
Derek Sammann: Yes, this is Derek. I think that you have seen us do I think a really nice job, focusing on what are the natural tailwinds in the energies market right. The energy market has certainly started oversupply on the TI side. That said, we are absolutely focused on making sure that weve got a liquid set of poles of cross each of the benchmark products. We have been focused on making sure presence in TI in the future in the options. Brent is an area that we continue to have about 12% to 13% of. And certainly the trends we are seeing in the natural gas market, while we dont see necessary huge change in macro trends over the next 12 months, we are continuing to build on our market share that we solidified over the last probably 12 to 15 months there. As it relates to the options business specifically in TI, weve got 72% of our options in TI trading electronically, now that business is up 50%. And options is a real differentiator for us, because you look at the magnitude of our business, I think weve got about 165,000 contracts ADV in our TI options. We compare that to your points on the competitive landscape with the ICE, they got 50,000 or 60,000 contracts. And we know that options volume perpetuates and strengthens the futures franchise but as an area of focus for us. And probably the last thing Id talk about, may be two other small pieces, there has been increasing movements on the potential lift in the export ban. It went through one side. We think there is a broader dialogue that we think is happening. So despite the fact that there is an election next year, the fact that is part of the dialogue in Washington right now, we think is very positive; we think its a good story there. The Chairman actually testified to that couple of months ago in D.C. And then finally, if you look at the GSCI re-ratings preliminary announced a couple of weeks ago, we just think that speaks to really what the natural footprint of TI is in the global landscape. But as I said before, if we cant provide a full suite of products to our customers whether its Brent, TI, even the Omani crude and DME thats -- its what our customers need, what the customers choose if they want to trade.
Operator: Thank you. And next question is Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brian Bedell: A follow-up on energy, for the power contracts in the third quarter, John, I dont know if you could outline a pro forma RPC for the energy complex, given the power contracts and so the run-rate going forward on that. And then also just if you can also talk about some of the new products, especially the Ultra 10-year in the financials, BTIC in terms of have promising and how quickly you think that can ramp up in the near term? Thanks.
John Pietrowicz: Sure, thanks Brain. Ill take the first one and then maybe Sean can comment on Ultra 10-year; thats a definitely product were excited about. Just with regard to the energy RPC with the small sized, smaller priced power contracts, I can understand the disconnects, energy; RPC fell about $0.08 compared to last quarter. The lower RPC again was driven by those smaller sized lower priced contracts and the bulk of that all occurred in the month of September. I think when you take a look at the quarter, the ADV for power contracts this quarter was about 91,000, up from the ADV of about 5,000, last quarter. So if you normalize out the RPC for those power contracts, its about $1.25 on everything else. So thats the impact. I think what well do in the future is well make sure on our monthly volume release that any unusual spikes in the power contract well make sure to call that out. I think the important thing is even with these lower sized, lower price contracts, our energy revenue was up 17% this quarter. So, really pleased with how energy has been performing. And Ill turn over to Sean to talk about the TN.
Sean Tully: Yes. So, in terms of TN, were obviously very excited about that. There was an opportunity, participant came to us relative to earlier this year; the bond future jumped what we call the five-year gap in terms of the maturity spectrum of U.S. treasury bonds. So with that the TY future now has achieved to deliver seven years and the bond future has achieved to deliver 21-year, leaving a very wide gap for additional products. So with customer feedback, we -- extensive customer feedback and excitement, we did decide to -- that we will launch TN or a 10-year future well achieve to deliver basket of 9.5 to 10 years. So, it has very positive feedback. We think its a product that the marketplace has high demand for. Now obviously, very uncertain as to what the uptake will be, will we see significant opportunity for basis trading between that and other products. As you mentioned also and as was mentioned during the script, several new equity products, right, so Russell 1000, Russell 1000 Growth and Value, the FTSE 100, FTSE Emerging Markets, FTSE China 50 have already done launch relative to our agreement with FTSE Russell to be their partner in terms of these products. And then were very excited in 2017 to launch the Russell 2000. In terms of BTIC or Basis Trade Index Close, we are excited about this. This is the first time were going to be offering that on Globex. Previously it has been a product that has been available in terms of block trading. What this does is it allows index driven asset managers to trade at exactly or a basis to index close every day, making it extremely efficient for matching their index. So, we are very excited about it; weve had very positive feedback. Obviously there is uncertainty as to how much update you are going to get in the new product.
Brian Bedell: Great, and the 10-year note, is that launched later this quarter?
Sean Tully: We look at launching that in Q1 of next year.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Kyle Voigt of KBW. Your line is open.
Kyle Voigt: I guess just on the RPC guidance of 2% increase year-on-year for 2016 with the pricing changes go into effect, John, can you just give us some more guidance as to where we should expect the most significant impact; is it right to think about the ags rates of products to be most significantly impacted or what line should we expect to come through? Thanks.
John Pietrowicz: Sure, Kyle. As weve mentioned, we announced an overall 2% price increase. I mean we looked at -- we looked comprehensively at our price levels, volume tiers and incentive plans and then strategically adjusted them. And as we mentioned, we took action across all of our asset classes. So, rates and energies were the highest impacted and FX and metals were the least impacted.
Operator: Next question is Amanda Yao of JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Amanda Yao: This is Amanda; Im filling in for Ken Worthington. In terms of open interest, futures open interest is flat and options open interest is down year-over-year. Given the volatility is on a rise and we seem to be right on top of rate hike, why isnt open interest growing faster than it is?
Sean Tully: So in terms of -- this is Sean jumping in. The open interest down a little bit; we had a huge -- if you look at last year, October of last year was an absolutely phenomenal period of time. Lets recall for example in rates what happened. Last year, our rates complex was up 19% in terms of the ADV and if you look at October of last year, we had a number of events; we had a surprise easing by the ECB, we had potential for Greek exit, and we had the all-time record on October 15th of last year in terms of the exchange volumes. And that was in part due to the huge open interest at that time. If you recall, interest rate futures on day alone, we did over 25 million contracts. So, weve got some very tough comps right now. But in addition to that, the helpfulness of our business continues to grow without question. So looking at that in terms of large open interest holders and our industry complex, weve reached an all time record in August. In terms of our FX complex, we also reached an all time record in large open interest holders in August. And the trend in large open interest holders continues to increase and penetration of alternative markets continues to increase. So if you look for example at our treasury complex, one thing that we do talk about pretty often is the percentage of treasury futures that trade relative to the cash bond market. Just as a recollection, in 2013 that was 60%; in 2014 it was 65%; in 2015, were running at 78%. So, all the indications are that its a very healthy marketplace. So, Im focused on the financials. Now Ill turn it over to Derek to talk a bit about commodities.
Derek Sammann: I think Id probably just add to that. In your decks for the presentation material, if you look at the slides 23, 24 and 25, weve now provided clarity and a view into the large open interest holder on the commodity side of fence as well. And to the point that Sean made, we focused not just on the volume, but the quality of participation on our markets as well. So while were seeing some short-term gyrations largely in the options side, which is fairly typical actually, its much more volatile in the options OI, than the futures OI, were appointing new guys to some clarity on the commodities open interest holding picture here as well. Particularly on page 23, on the energy side, if you look year-on-year, our large open interest holding is up almost 7.5% year-on-year. So the quality and the number of participants holding significant positions with us is equally important to us as the short-term gyrations in the options side.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is Rich Repetto of Sandler ONeill. Your line is open.
Rich Repetto: I just want to have quick follow-up on the marketing. So John, youve guided to 10 million down for the year, it looks like will be down even more than that. And just trying to see whats coming out of marketing this year and is there any bigger impacts as you cut the spend, looks dramatically year-to-year?
John Pietrowicz: Like I mentioned, were expecting this quarter to be down about 2%, youre going to see the largest increase going from -- in our marketing line, going from Q3 to Q4; its down about 2% from last year. The bulk of that is coming out of marketing. If you recall, we had some marketing spends and prior years that were really around the MF Global issues as well as some of the kind of the industry issues that were happening. And we reduced that down. Wed always anticipated on reducing those costs and youre seeing them reflected now. So, I think well continue to see an uptick in terms of spend in marketing in the fourth quarter going into next year, but it will be down year-over-year. And its not necessarily impacting growth at all because these are more kind of overall industry
Phupinder Gill: Campaign based.
John Pietrowicz: Campaign based.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, we have no additional questions in queue. Id like to turn the call back to the management for some closing comments.
Phupinder Gill: Thank you all for joining us this morning. And we look forward to talking to you again in the next fourth quarter. Thank you everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Peschier - IR Phupinder Gill - CEO John Pietrowicz - CFO Sean Tully - Senior Managing Director, Financial & OTC Products Derek Sammann - Senior Managing Director, Commodities & Options Products Bryan Durkin - Chief Commercial Officer Terry Duffy - Executive Chairman & President
Analysts: Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Chris Allen - Evercore ISI Rich Repetto - Sandler O'Neill Alex Kramm - UBS Dan Fannon - Jefferies Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank Chris Harris - Wells Fargo Securities Kyle Voigt - KBW Ken Hill - Barclays
Operator: Welcome to the CME Group Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Mr. John Peschier.
John Peschier: Thank you for joining us this morning. Gill and John will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the second quarter and then we will open the call for your questions. Terry, Bryan, Derek and Sean are also on the call and will participate in the Q&A session. Before they begin I will read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC which are available on our website. With that I would like to turn the call over to Gill.
Phupinder Gill: Thank you, Mr. Peschier and thank you for joining us today. We had an impressive second quarter and the diversity of our product offerings was evident in the results achieved. We delivered significant top-line growth in transaction fees and market data revenue which, coupled with lower expenses, resulted in a 23% increase in earnings per share. After an industry slowdown in April, our volume finished the quarter with June up 15% compared to the prior June. ADV across all six product areas were up in June and four of them were up in double digits. Our commodities portfolio was up 26%, while financial products increased by 12%. In terms of Q2 activity, in our commodities portfolio we saw strong results with ADV up 22% across energy, ags and metals. In ags we delivered record quarterly volume in corn, soybeans and wheat. The surge in activity was driven by concerns of an El Nino in the equatorial Pacific Ocean, resulting in anticipated increased rain in the U.S. and Brazil and the potential drought conditions in Australia and Southeast Asia. The resulting price movement volatility and declining prices has sparked renewed hedging activity in both futures and options. Energy volumes also performed extremely well in Q2 with ADV up 20%, driven by 32% growth in our crude complex with 68% of our WTI options now trading electronically on Globex. In June, net gas results trended well as volume rose 30% and net gas options were up 37% as our market share also rose. Total energy volume and revenue were each of 20%; double that of our primary competitor. Within the financial product area foreign exchange trading growth was significant during the second quarter, rising 42%. FX futures were up 38%, while FX options grew 83%. Interest rates volumes accelerated during the quarter from $5.1 million per day in April to $7.4 million during the rest of the quarter. Interest rate activity at CME has performed well relative to substitute products that were out there and were up 7%. Our penetration of the cash treasury market increased from 77% at the end of Q1 to 78% this quarter. In addition, the total number of large institutional open interest holders in our rates futures business grew to 1,705 at the end of the quarter which is up 7% from the beginning of the year. We're particularly pleased with the activity in euro-dollar options ahead of a potential Fed move. Euro-dollar options on Globex were up 60% to 148,000 contracts per day during the quarter and up 84% in June. Importantly, we have seen the percentage of euro-dollar options traded electronically move from 12% in Q2 last year to 18% this year and up to 22% in July. The biggest driver has been a surge in activity coming from European traders. In addition, we had a record number of weekly treasury options traded in June at 140,000 ADV. July remains extremely strong as well. Lastly, Fed funds futures have become popular again for the first time since the credit crisis. Volume has tripled from last year's [indiscernible] in 2015. ADV is above 60,000 contracts compared to 20,000 last year. During the quarter our revenue and interest rate swap clearing grew by 36%, while credit swap clearing was up 11% to total approximately $18 million. We have seen a slowdown of activity in swaps in July due to the basis spread between CME and LCH. The basis has stabilized and tightened recently. The OTC swaps revenue trajectory for July looks similar to April based on the client mix, as the decreases we have seen are mainly in lower-priced OIS trades coming from large hedge fund clients. On the flipside, we have seen a record number of dealer-to-dealer trades which is encouraging. We continue to look at opportunities to address challenges our customers are facing. There has been a decline in cash market liquidity in the government securities market due in part to more stringent capital, leverage and liquidity standards for banks and heightened regulatory scrutiny. And this may have contributed to the increased client use of the Treasury futures product. We also had a webinar this Tuesday with a large number of market participants to discuss the concept of filling the 15-year gap between the 6 1/2 year point tracked by our 10-year Treasury contract and the 21 1/2 year point backed by our 30-year long bond. Turning to our global business, work by our staff and volume from outside of the U.S. continues to be impressive. Our Q2 electronic trading volume out of Asia jumped 22% from the second quarter last year with the highest volume growth in our FX and equity product areas. Europe was up 10% with ag products up 50% and FX was also strong. North America and Latin America were each up 6%. Electronic volume from outside the U.S. was up 12% and revenue was up 19%. Turning to growth in our robust options market, we continue to invest in system enhancements, new products and investor education which is driving significant usage of our diverse fleet of option products. Q2 ADV rose 13% to 2.6 million contracts with electronic volumes up 29% compared to the prior year. In July, option volume remains extremely strong. Overall, 52% of our options traded electronically in June, up from 50% in 2014. As I mentioned on the financial side, we're seeing strong growth in euro-dollar options, weekly Treasury options and also FX options. On the commodities portfolio we're seeing strength in the WTI options and agricultural products with July running at peak levels in these commodities. I think that suggests that market participants are anticipating more volatility ahead. After some enhanced volatility in early July with the situation in Greece and large movements in the Chinese equity market, activity has returned to the normal summer vacation mode. However, the options positionings suggests that market participants are looking ahead. So, overall, we continue execute on our strategy to deliver growth in a highly efficient way throughout the organization. With that I'm going to turn the call over to John to discuss the financials. Thank you.
John Pietrowicz: Thank you, Gill and good morning, everyone. I am pleased with our results this quarter. We drove double-digit organic revenue growth, while our expenses decreased, driving significant operating leverage and EPS growth. Q2 revenue was up 12% which follows the 8% revenue growth we delivered in Q1. Volume in the second quarter started slow, but finished exceptionally strong. Our adjusted expenses for the quarter were down 1% from the same quarter last year, driven primarily by decreases in marketing and other costs and professional fees. Our variable costs, license fees and bonus increased due to our improved performance compared to last year. Our operating margins are again above 60% with an adjusted operating margin of 60.5% which improved from 55% a year ago. Finally, our adjusted EPS grew 23% during the quarter, up from 18% growth in Q1. I will start with some revenue details. The rate for contract for Q1 was $0.777, up from $0.753 last quarter. The largest impact was driven by a favorable shift in product mix with record agricultural commodities propelling the RPC higher. The other positives include a larger proportion from higher-paying non-members in several product areas, lower volume tier impact and lastly, our pricing change that went into effect in February. OTC swaps revenue totaled $18 million for the quarter, up 35% versus $13 million last year. During the second quarter we captured $139 per IRS-cleared trade, an increase from the $130 range which we have been averaging. We cleared approximately 1,950 trades per day in Q2, up 38% from a year ago. Market data revenue of $103 million was up 15% versus Q2 last year, driven primarily by the elimination of our fee waiver program which we have discussed the last few quarters. Fortunately, we saw better-than-expected screen counts for both grandfathered and full-paying customers in the second quarter. We will continue to monitor the impacts of the fee changes and we currently anticipate about $100 million per quarter of market data revenue for the remainder of 2015 based on potential attrition from here. Adjusted operating expenses in Q2 were $324 million, down $3.4 million from Q2 last year. We remain extremely focused on driving efficiency throughout the organization and eliminating redundancy to improve agility in customer and market responsiveness. At the end of Q2 had 2650 employees, down 20 from the end of Q1 and down 30 from the beginning of the year. In July, we eliminated an additional 60 lower-level positions related to the closure of most of our futures pits in Chicago and New York. Within the compensation line our base and benefits were down 2% from last year and down 1% from last quarter. The stock-based compensation increased approximately $5 million sequentially. This was driven almost entirely by the performance share component of our equity program which is based on total shareholder return relative to the S&P 500 and cash earnings generation during the three-year period from 2013 through 2015. Based on the fact we're tracking well above the 75th percentile of this S&P 500 in total shareholder return, as well as being ahead of our cash earnings target, we expect to reach the maximum payout and we accounted for it this quarter. Our compensation ratio for the first half of the year is running at an industry-leading 16.5%, down from 17.1% in 2014 and 17.4% in 2013. Turning to taxes, the effective rate for the quarter was 36.6%. I expect the second half of the year to come in around 37%. And now to the balance sheet, at the end of the quarter and after refinancing our debt which we covered last quarter, we had $1.33 billion in cash, restricted cash and marketable securities. That is approximately $630 million above our $700 million minimum cash target. During the second quarter capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances totaled $28 million and we're at $55 million for the year-to-date. We expect full-year 2015 CapEx to come in at $140 million, similar to last year and below our original guidance of $150 million. For the full year, we expect adjusted expenses to be $10 million lower than we had previously guided to at $1.3 billion, down about 1% from last year despite our current double-digit revenue growth. In summary, the second quarter of 2015 once again demonstrated the power of the CME Group business model. Broad-based volume growth and our disciplined expense management drove adjusted EPS up more than 20%. The entire management team continues to focus on driving earnings growth as we come out of the cycle and returning the maximum amount of capital to our shoulders. In the last few months we have closed the majority of our futures pits, reduced overall headcount, consolidated data centers and reduced branding-related costs. With that we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Given the number of analysts who cover us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question so we can get to everyone. Please feel free to get back into the queue if you have further questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Mr. Ken Worthington of JPMorgan. Sir, your line is open. 
Ken Worthington: I want to follow up on Gill's comment on the spread between LCH and CME. It obviously widened out this past quarter and seemed to drive business to LCH, so maybe could you give us further details on what really is happening here? I do believe Gill mentioned that the spread has narrowed. I think our calculations were that the spread narrowed from about 2 basis points to somewhere in the 1.4 basis point range for a 30-year product, so it has narrowed, but it's still reasonably wide. I guess the last part is what is the outlook there and does business start to come back to CME? Thanks.
Sean Tully: This is Sean Tully, I'm responsible for financials. Jumping in, in terms of the basis itself, in early May the basis did jump. So in the 10-year sector it went from around a 0.25 basis point out to a peak of 2.35 basis points. Once the basis jumped, once it widened, CME Group did make the decision to issue its own specific CME curve for interest rate swaps. Obviously that is very prudent from a risk management perspective, but also adds massive transparency to the marketplace. We announced that on May 13. June 8 we implemented the CME-specific curve and since then the basis has stabilized dramatically. So since June 8 the average standard deviation on a daily basis is less than 5/100 of a basis point, so really completely de minimus. If you look at the last week or so, the entire range of that spread has been 1/10 of a basis point in the 10-year, trading between 0.9 of a basis point and 1.0 basis points. What that means is that, while the volatility was high during early May, since we have added transparency, since we've added a CME-specific curve, the market has completely stabilized. And in terms of interest rate swaps, if you're an active trader the level at which you get in relative to, let's say, a competitor is not nearly as important as the level you get in versus the level you get out. So what matters is the stability of the spread and we've seen that. In addition to that, with the stability of the spread, but also with the increased interest in this, we've seen record volumes in dealer-to-dealer trading at CME Group. So we now have 25 dealers trading -- actively trading on that basis and again it's at a very tight level. The bid-offer spread in the interdealer market is again around 5/100 of a basis point. If you think about that relative to outright level of rates, that is 1/100, literally 1/100, the volatility of the level of outright rates since June 8. In addition to seeing the increased dealer-to-dealer activity, since May 1 we've seen 18 new clients. So we've had 18 new clients that had never cleared with CME Group previously jump into the marketplace and begin to clear swaps here. Many folks wanting to take advantage of the higher rate that they could get at our platform. In addition to that, with the higher rate for certain folks, in particular large issuers of U.S. dollar debt, this may be seen as an advantage. Hence, we've also seen an increase in interest on folks becoming new clearing members at CME Group in particular and particular issuers of debt.
Phupinder Gill: Ken, just to add to what Sean said, a lot of the change in the volume that you saw is associated with the high turnover clients that tend to pay the lowest rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Allen of Evercore. Your line is open.
Chris Allen: Just wanted to ask if you guys can provide any color on the open interest trends we're seeing? We've seen -- I mean year-over-year growth has been slowing since April; in July it's trending down on a year-over-year perspective. Particularly kind of looking at like the rate open interest levels are raising some eyebrows just given we're pretty close to a potential Fed move in September or December. So any color there would be greatly appreciated.
Phupinder Gill: Sure. I'm going to start and I'm going to ask both Derek and Sean to comment on their individual portfolios. I think on the whole, if you look at the growth of open interest, particularly in relation to where we ended the year last year, it's pretty positive. I think there is a small dip in the energy portfolio and I stress small. But if you are looking across the rest of the portfolio that we have, where open interest is concerned, where rates and equity and commodities and alternatives, they are seeing double-digit growth in open interest, foreign exchange open interest which as we articulated last year which was very high at the end of last year, is still even up 7%. And for the metals portfolio it is up 2%. With that I'm going to pass it over to both Sean and Derek to comment about their individual portfolios.
Derek Sammann: It's Derek. On the energy side, where I will probably focus a little bit more, the drop off in the open interest has really been on the power side. And that's not just a CME Group story, that's an industry story, so there's no real surprise there. That's a market segment that's going under some significant change right now. We're doing extremely well on nat gas and WTI. You've seen the volume growth in particular on the options side as well, with the options volume up and TI close to 57%. When you look at our competitor on the Brent side, they are up about 10%. So the outperformance on the volume side being matched by the open interest growth side there.
Sean Tully: In terms of the financials, interest rates since year-end up 10% in terms of open interest. Equities up 20% and foreign exchange up 7% after, as Gill said, very strong growth last year. We've seen increasing uncertainty with the interest rate market [Technical Difficulty] expectations of potential Fed rate hikes later this year or early next year. So continue to see strong growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Rich Repetto of Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Rich Repetto: So I guess my question is your revenues are up it looks like around 10% in your first half versus last year and the volume is good. And obviously you had market data outperform relative to your guidance. But I guess, Gill, the question is, if you can rank the top two or three growth initiatives which would you place as the highest priority and how they are doing?
Phupinder Gill: I think, Rich, if you have the asset classes, such as the ones that we have, are your benchmarks across the board. And I think a very specific emphasis for us was to grow our client base; not just here, but around the world. And in particular the globalization effort that we embarked upon has been really successful. We have seen a growth in our client accounts. We're also seeing -- on the OTC side I think Sean gave us a very thorough analysis of the growth on the OTC side. Of particular interest to us and what we're encouraged by is the growth of the large open interest holders in some of the key asset classes that we have. I'm going to ask Bryan if he has anything to add here in terms of the globalization efforts for us.
Bryan Durkin: Really the diversity of the product and asset classes that we represent has played extremely well in our international growth model and as a result, we've seen some double-digit growth occurring across the asset classes, both throughout Asia as well as within the EMEA sector. I think it's a demonstration of a very methodical and focused program where we're able to strategically locate our employees throughout the globe and be able to identify opportunities for further penetration and go after those customers. So part of the thing that we measure is also new client acquisition that we bring into the marketplace. And we're pretty pleased with the growth trajectory in that end, too, particularly for this past quarter.
Phupinder Gill: And, Rich just to add one last thing and I will ask Mr. Sammann to talk a little bit about that, is the growth in the electronification of options for us. And options in general actually, because we're on the cusp of change but it is uncertain with respect to both the timing and the scope and the scale of that change. They've seen remarkable activity here.
Derek Sammann: I think to the extent that the overall franchise has grown significantly over the course of the year we actually look at July; even on a going-forward basis our July options volumes, on average, are up 30% across the board. Every single asset class is up between 24% and 30%. Specific on the electronification side, we're continuing to see trends that you've heard us talk about quarter on quarter. Our investment in education, in analytics and technology is allowing us to not only continue to grow our business but all the -- all the growth is coming electronically right now. So when you look at the aggregate portfolio, now 53% of our business in options trades electronically and all that increase in ADV growth quarter on quarter is all coming on Globex. Gill briefly mentioned the consistent growth in euro-dollar electronification from 12% last year to 18%. July is 23%. Other notable events, gold options, for example, tripled -- doubled in volume last week with the new low in gold and the options volume went from basically 60% electronic to 80% electronic. So what we're seeing is on high-volume days, in spiking volume days, that growth is outpacing itself on the electronic side. So big area of investment in growth and I think the numbers are bearing that out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Alex Kramm of UBS. Sir, your line is open.
Alex Kramm: Not much here, so maybe you can -- one of the items you might give us an update on is the whole equivalency debate between U.S. and Europe, the one-day growth, two-day net. It sounds like that is still ongoing. And maybe specifically anything you've heard in terms of how this can be resolved. One thing that somebody mentioned that I talked to the other day was that they might just go to the least common denominator which would be two-day gross. I don't know if you've heard that, but interested in what that would mean to your business because that sounds obviously pretty onerous solution.
Phupinder Gill: Alex, this is Gill. Terry just stepped out; he should be back soon. But it is a key focus of Chairman [indiscernible] is what we actually know. I would not go about trying to guess what he is thinking about. In various conversations with him it's clear to us that his orientation is to be fair and also to get the best outcome for global investors here. And Terry just walked in a second ago.
Terry Duffy: So we testified yesterday on the G-20 commitments equivalents. Obviously it was something that I raised in there and you can imagine people saying they want to have parity. I did reference to the Congress and others that we were prepared to give parity by saying that we would take the higher of, whether it was -- whatever the regime was and others still balked at that. So it's clearly a competitive issue. Chairman Massad recognizes it's a competitive issue and I don't see him balking away from what we have here in the United States as a stronger regime being one-day gross for client and one-day net for house. So I think we're in one of those situations where we're going to have to wait and see how the chairman reacts. I met with him again yesterday while in DC and --. So I do believe equivalents will get done. It will be done probably, I would hope, sometime in September/October time period, but we'll have to wait and see. But I do believe that everybody in this country feels fairly strongly that our regime is the best regime. And we were going to have a standard global regime in years to come, hopefully and we won't have to go through this exercise that we're going through right now.
Alex Kramm: And, Terry, sorry you probably missed that part of my question but I suggested that some people have said two-day gross could be one solution. Do you think that's on the table and it could impact your business or do you think that's a nonstarter?
Terry Duffy: I think it's a nonstarter. I don't think it's on the table. I've heard nobody even reference it. I've heard nobody in our governments reference it. They already realize that one-day gross is collecting a higher margin on the client side to roughly over $38 billion to $40 billion higher than two-day net, so I think that they feel that that's plenty of coverage going forward. I have not heard anybody in this country introduce or discuss two-day gross.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Dan Fannon of Jefferies. Sir, your line is open. 
Dan Fannon: I guess my question for you, John, is on market data. You obviously gave your guidance. Wondering if you could just give some stats around what's happened thus far and how conservative your outlook is and what some of those assumptions are going forward for how you are thinking about attrition?
John Pietrowicz: Sure, Dan. We're very happy with our excellent market data results. In the first quarter we only had two billing periods in screen counts, so we accrued at anticipated level of higher attrition than we're currently experiencing. So we made an adjustment this quarter to reflect better-than-expected levels of screens. We're going to continue to monitor the impacts of the pricing changes closely, so we currently expect the second half of the year to be approximately the same as the first half. We're not giving out any specific statistics around the number of screens, but what I can tell you is that they've been holding relatively flat. So we're pretty comfortable at the 100 million per quarter level. I'll just ask Bryan to chime in in terms of what he's hearing from the customers as it relates to market data.
Bryan Durkin: I would just say we got out there well in advance of the changes that were taking effect over the course of the past 12 months. The client base was well informed about our elimination of the waiver. We've worked very closely with the community in terms of making some adjustments in the reporting of screens and whatnot. Categorization of the type of trader; we made some modifications there. So I think the marketplace, one, recognizes the value associated with market data; understands that we're going to continue to charge for it and as we continue to enhance the product itself, there is value associated with it. And the market is responding effectively in terms of the changes that we've put in incrementally, until we get to the ultimate full paying and end that waiver period of next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Sir, your line is open. 
Mike Carrier: Just a quick question, it looked like on the non-op side you guys may be sold some shares on the BM&F side, so just wanted to get an update on the strategic relationship. And then maybe just broader, given the global landscape, just how you guys are thinking about the longer term in terms of either consolidation or relationships and how you guys are positioned for that.
John Pietrowicz: Sure. This is John, Mike. We sold approximately 14.3 million BM&F shares, so we did about $58 million in proceeds from those sales. We still hold 98 million shares or approximately 5.4% of BM&F. We did this for tax planning purposes, so we're likely to do some more. It's really strictly for tax planning. I think the relationship with BM&F is extremely strong. It's one of our key relationships around the globe. We work with them across multiple projects, whether it's on the technology side, whether it's on the product side or on the strategic side. So the relationship is really good. Globalization is a very key part of our overall strategy. One of the components of that globalization, along with putting customer-facing people around the world is our relationships with key country champions in each of the locales. We recently signed an MOU with India and I'll ask Derek to comment on that.
Derek Sammann: As you probably saw, we put a press release out last week where we executed an MOU with MCX, the Multi-Commodity Exchange which is the largest Indian commodities exchange. They have an 85% market share in the commodity space. What we've committed to work with them is we've got a 10-year commercial relationship with them by which they license our Henry Hub and WTI settlement prices and they trade features on the back of that that settle to our prices. We wanted to expand that and give them the pace of change from a regulatory perspective in India with the regulators rolling up under one single umbrella under SEBI. We wanted very much to both influence where we can, but also get closer to a strategic partner. So we've launched a commitment to a number of work streams, one of which is to launch a joint study looking at the feasibility of setting up exchange and operations in the IFSC, International Financial Service Centre, in India in the state of Gujarat. So it looks like an interesting opportunity. India is very much opening under a Modi government. And to the point that John made before about country champions, MCX is certainly the leading commodities exchange which makes sense to match up and work closely with us as the global leader on the commodity side here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Alex Blostein: Given the success you guys have been having in electrifying euro-dollar options and just the options component as a whole, any updates on other potential shutdowns of trading pits and I guess how that could potentially play into your expense initiatives towards the end of the year and beyond?
John Pietrowicz: Sure, Alex. This is John. As indicated previously, when we closed down the futures pits we were able to unlock about $10 million in annual cost savings. We anticipate running the entire floors, both in Chicago and in New York; cost us approximately $50 million a year, so $40 million remaining for the open pits. What's key for us is that we don't force the markets to move. The markets will move when and if, they are -- find liquidity and better execution on the box, so we want to manage that carefully. When you take a look, several of our pits are now approaching the 80%, 90% electronic phase. So it is something that we -- but we want the market to determine it. And I will turn it over to Derek, who manages our options business.
Derek Sammann: Yes, I think that's right. And as you've heard us talk about, our continued investment in the technology side is to enable the sort of complex spread trading that used to only be available on the floor. We're making that increasingly available with our solutions like CME Direct and adding analytics and capabilities to our electronic trading capabilities. So as John said, the market will find its place of liquidity. Increasingly in times of high volume and high volatility that growth is coming electronically, so we'll let that run its course.
Phupinder Gill: The central theme here, Alex, has not changed from the time that we demutualized. We said that when our clients said it's time to shut the pit, we would shut our pit. But the fact that we have done really well electronically is fantastic for us; it's a client choice. It shows -- the fact that some volume still remains in the pits is an indicator to us that although the trend is very positive that the pits remain viable for the options.
Terry Duffy: Gill, if I might just add, I don't want to undermine the fact that how important liquidity is on strategy-type transactions. Options are strategy-type transactions. Futures lend themselves more to trading electronically. Some of our products do lend themselves to trading electronically on the options side; others do not at this point in time, some of our biggest products with that fact. And the last thing we want to do is to try to move a lever to move a business and hurt that business. So I think it's critically important that we continue to manage it the way we've been doing it all along. Again, I think you cannot dismiss the value of liquidity, market-making capabilities and abilities the way we have on options. They are different from features.
John Pietrowicz: And just to add to what Terry said, we generate well in excess of $100 million per year out of the options pits themselves.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brian Bedell: Maybe you can dive a little bit deeper into the energy complex, maybe just to give us an update on how some of the initiatives in Brent are going in terms of getting more commercial volume across your energy complex. And then any thoughts on NASDAQ's NFX platform coming into play here. Could it potentially be even a positive from the usage of market-makers arbitraging volumes against your complex?
Derek Sammann: Brent continues to move along. We have about a 12% market share in that market and it's important, not only as you [Technical Difficulty] for Brent trading in and of itself, but the spreads back into TI. So we're happy with that pace. We have no plans to change anything at this point. We're making steady progress and we've actually had some wins with some smaller commercials jump on board as well. So we're continuing to drive that and expand the ecosystem of participants there. Relative to the NFX move-in, they opened on Friday. We've seen this entrance in other asset classes over time, whether it was ELX or NYPC or other efforts to come in and launch a me-too slate of products. As we talked about in the last call, in the absence of product differentiation, a capital efficiency story, depth of liquidity, diversity of products or client diversification, outside of that, just launching a me too in the existing products I think is a challenging value prop. I think if you look at the depth of our market and the expanse of our WTI franchise right now, we're comfortable with the position. We absolutely welcome competition and we will let you guys decide how successful you think they are going to be.
Brian Bedell: And do you think it could actually improve your TI volumes if there is increasing arbitrage activity from the market makers?
Derek Sammann: It's interesting, we actually saw that happen in both NYPC and ELX when there was sort of a risk, [indiscernible] people would just put the risk on here and there. Frankly, unless it's real customer volume and real open interest that grows there, yes, we will benefit. But it won't necessarily be to the benefit if it's just market maker to market maker activity on that side. So if it's true to form for every previous attack, yes, we will see a small bump in our side. You'll likely see a one-for-one. There is no shift going on, but you're likely to see increase there, match one-for-one increase here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Harris of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Chris Harris: So a question on your volume growth outside the U.S. We look at these numbers and they are clearly very impressive. One of the things that we struggle with is how large your addressable market really is outside the U.S.. So just wondering if you guys have done any work on that and maybe wanting to get your comment on how penetrated you think you are at this point relative to the global opportunity.
Phupinder Gill: Chris, I will start and I'll ask Bryan to add if he would choose to. If you look at growth outside of the U.S., I think from your perspective when you are trying to see what the addressable market is, look at the top 10 exchanges as they exist now and then dial the clock back 10 years and look at the top 10 exchanges then. What you won't see is a lot of growth, a lot of activity coming from, in particular, the Chinese exchanges in the various parts of the globe. The Hong Kong Exchange whose derivatives volumes have traditionally been very small is not a focus for us, but a client buys that emanates from Hong Kong because they also have touch points into China. So that would be a very simple, broad-based look at what the so-called addressable market is outside of the U.S. And another way to think about it is the portion of the global trade volume that the CME Group companies had several years ago was just a portion of the global trade volume that they have now. And then the third dimension that I would use is the fixed asset classes and the portfolio that we have and the benchmark that we have within each of those. All of those asset classes have a global appeal and so they, in that sense, make the job of selling these products around the world very easy for us relative to other exchanges. These factors, in total, actually are driving the growth that you are seeing where the quality of the market around the clock, the quality of the products, global benchmarks and the reach of these products are past 200 countries around the world. Does that make sense?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kyle Voigt of KBW. Your line is open.
Kyle Voigt: I guess if you could just touch on another regulatory issue, on position limits in particular. There was a CFTC advisory committee meeting yesterday on the topic and it seems like within the commission this is an openness to having exchanges involved in implementation and oversight of position limits. So I guess my question would really be twofold. First, what are the risks to the commodities market today that you see under the current proposed position limits and the enumerated bona fide hedging exemptions? And then, secondly, what is the feedback that you've gotten from the commission on potentially being part of the oversight and implementation of the position limits and hedging exemptions? Thanks.
Bryan Durkin: This is Bryan and I actually serve on the Energy Markets Advisory Committee and so participated in that discussion yesterday. And our message to the commission has been twofold. One, we've had a very strong program in place for many, many years that has been very effective looking at our markets, the efficiency of those markets, focusing on spot-month limits which is where the criticality of market convergence takes effect. We've continued spreading that message and working with the community and working very closely with the commission on looking at what's been proposed today, how it would be very restrictive in the context and impactful, we believe, to the liquidity and performance of these markets if the current proposed language for hedge exemptions were to become finalized. We believe that the efforts that have been undertaken by the community in conjunction with market participants has helped the commission understand and appreciate the impacts of the proposed rulemaking that is out there today. We're very hopeful for a more balanced and pragmatic outcome with position limits and hedge exemptions. Terry?
Terry Duffy: Yes, let me just add to what Bryan said, because I did put this in my testimony also yesterday to make certain that we cannot have a position limits regime that's different than the rest of the world to make the U.S. anti-competitive, because one of the greats benefits we have is discovering price in this country. Yesterday at Bryan's meeting question came up and I heard this through one of the staff, that as a public company are we the right person to be setting position limits. Well, the I answer to that question is we're absolutely the right company to be setting the position limits because we have the most at risk on the credibility of our marketplace more than anybody else. So we have the expertise to do it, as Bryan has outlined and of course the credibility issue is what we're all about. If we don't have a credible market, we don't have a credible institution. So we have the most incentive to make sure that these position limits are set properly and these markets are policed correctly.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Rich Repetto of Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Rich Repetto: Just one quick follow-up, Gill and Bryan, I know -- or Sean -- you went through the whole basis point spread changes, but I guess my question, we're getting $18 million from OTC clearing per quarter; 2% of your revenue. And I know there's a lot of futurization benefits in there that are hard to specify, but it's certainly bolstering our improving revenue and volumes. But this OTC business, what's the next catalyst to get -- will we expect to see more SEF trading or some other catalyst to get the contribution up from this $18 million that right now we're realizing per quarter?
Phupinder Gill: Rich, I will start and then I will ask Sean and Bryan to join if they have anything to add. I think if you are looking at the OTC effort and if you remember when we first walked down this path we said that the OTC market was extremely complementary to the core business of CME. We continue to focus on that core and in particular how to make the markets in which we offer our clients as efficient as we possibly can. So the $18 million, as you point out, belies the fact that there are cross-margin efficiencies. It belies the fact that there are futurization opportunities and it also belies the fact that there are what I'll call innovation opportunities that exist. One such innovation has been the deliverable swap futures which is the highest of volume-traded futures up to this point in time. That innovation will continue. The cross-margining will continue and the education of our clients is also an ongoing process. I think, taken together, all of these factors will contribute to the growth of not just the core product, but in addition to the core you would see a corresponding growth on the swap side. The SEF -- the advent of more liquidity on SEFs may help. There may be some DCMs that roll off of swap trading that might help, but as we have said in the past, many of these swap products are complicated. And the way that they trade now I think seemingly, at least to us, seems to be a rational way to actually trade. The more important thing is once you've done these trades how can you hold them in the most efficient way possible.
Sean Tully: This is Sean jumping in. In terms of innovation within the product itself, most recent innovation was Mexican peso interest rate swaps. Mexican peso interest rate swaps now the third most important currency from a revenue perspective for CME Group. That is the 18th currency that we have. We will be shortly adding the Brazilian reais currency as well which will be our 19th currency. And we have the broadest set of currencies relative to any of our competition. If you look at so far this year, we've had $46 billion a day in non-U.S. de-currencies. I think it's, without question, the deepest penetration CME Group has ever had in the non-U.S. dollar interest-rate derivatives market. So it's allowing us, from an ecosystem perspective -- while the revenues are low, from an ecosystem perspective to massively penetrate the global market in new currencies in a way that we've never done it before. And getting back to Gill's point, it's the portfolio margining and the growth of the core. So, 500 clients that we're clearing interest rate straight swaps for we're on a continuous basis cross-selling them into the futures. Earlier this year Greenwich Capital -- not Greenwich Capital, excuse me, Greenwich Associates, issued a paper, Total Cost Analysis, looking at interest-rate swaps versus futures. And very clearly the interest-rate futures came out as the lower-cost alternative across the board relative to interest-rate swaps. What that's allowed us to do, as we talked about earlier, is if you look at a couple of years ago our Treasury market futures had a 65% penetration of the cash Treasury market. That's now running at around 78%. So from a relative perspective, we've been able to grow our Treasury futures, again, on a relative basis from 65% to now 77%, 78%, so 13 percentage points. When you think about the size of our interest-rate futures market that is actually quite a large increase in revenues that we've seen on the back of the cross-sell to those 500 swap participants.
John Pietrowicz: Rich, this is John. Just to put a fine point on it; as we mentioned, the volume that has left has been more the high-velocity hedge fund, low charge per ticket kind of volume, so the revenue drop will be lower than the volume drop. And what you will see is the rate per OTC trade will likely increase due to that customer mix shift.
Rich Repetto: I guess my point is, even if it was up 50%, we're still talking 3% of revenue. Again and I acknowledge the portfolio margining and the futurization benefits, but the pure OTC revenue is still small compared to the whole complex. Anyway, that was helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And once more question, it comes from Ken Hill of Barclays. Your line is open.
Ken Hill: I just wanted to sneak one here at just kind high level. We've seen some really good organic revenue growth this year. You guys are bringing down the expense guidance here. At what point do you think about maybe perhaps spending a little bit more? Do you think the natural constraint there might be around an operating margin well above in the mid-60s? Or how should we think about that longer term if we continue to see this good organic revenue growth against spending levels right now?
Phupinder Gill: I think, Ken, I will start and I will ask John to add. Our willingness and ability to spend is almost entirely dictated by the opportunities that we see. And so there is no stop in spending. If there are opportunities that are worth the investment, we have never hesitated to invest and we, on a going-forward basis, will not change that approach.
John Pietrowicz: Sure, Ken. I think when we think about our opportunity set and what we're doing to manage the business, the areas that we're focused on in terms of efficiencies -- things like whether it's de-layering, whether it's closing the futures pits, whether it's optimizing our data center infrastructure, looking at how we provision and consume professional services -- all those expense management techniques are not in any way, shape or form impacting our ability to grow the business. So those are not growth inhibitors. We do look at redirecting some of those savings towards investments in our growth opportunities. So you'll see, like for example, whether it's growing our business internationally or whether or not it's investing in our OTC business or whether it's investing in electronifying our options, those opportunities are being able to be funded somewhat through managing our core infrastructure. So we feel good about that. In terms of our operating margin, there is no artificial constraint around how high our operating margin can go, other than 100%, for a longer period of time. I think the way we look at it is, we're managing -- we're pulling the levers that we can pull which is making sure we're running the most efficient engine as we can. And we're also using pricing levers and growing our business through interfacing with our customers. So those are the -- that's what we're focused on. We're not focused necessarily on how high our margins can expand. Now, historically, we've been as high as 65% and that was several years ago, so that's the way we've been approaching things.
Phupinder Gill: Thank you all for joining us this morning. We're extremely excited about the progress that we've made this year and we look forward to seeing you all soon. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John C. Peschier - Managing Director of Investor Relations Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director Derek Sammann - Senior Managing Director of Commodities and Options Products Sean Tully - Senior Managing Director of Financial & OTC products Bryan T. Durkin - Chief Commercial Officer and Senior Managing Director
Analysts: Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Amanda Yao - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christopher J. Allen - Evercore ISI, Research Division Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christian Bolu Robert Rutschow - CLSA Limited, Research Division Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Akhil Bhatia
Operator: Welcome to the CME Group First Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I will turn the call over to Mr. John Peschier. You may begin, sir.
John C. Peschier: Thank you for joining us this morning. Gill and John will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the first quarter and then we'll open it up for your questions. Bryan, Derek and Sean are on the call as well and will participate in the Q&A session. Terry is traveling today to meet with some clients, so he'll not be on the call this morning. Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, which are available on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Gill.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you, John, and thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased with the progress we have made since the beginning of the year in terms of our growth initiatives and our volume relative to market conditions. Also, our efforts on the expense side are clearly evident in our Q1 results and I applaud our team for their efforts. During the first quarter, our ADV reached almost 15 million contracts, which is the second highest volume quarter in our history. We had record energy volume, up more than 20% and interest rates and FX volume each grew by more than 10%. Some notable quarterly records included overall options ADV of 2.8 million contracts as well as records in WTI and Brent crude, gasoline and heating oil products. Energy volume has been very robust overall this year. We have had standout results with our WTI crude oil contracts relative to the other primary crude benchmark. Year-to-date, our WTI futures and WTI options are each up more than 60%. And combined, we have averaged 1.1 million contracts per day so far this year. Turning to FX. Activity has been impressive and FX volumes averaged about 725,000 per day in the first half of last year. That number jumped to about 875,000 in the second half, and we saw almost 1.1 million contracts per day in March of this year. In April, we are trending up about 40% compared to last year. Certainly, you have heard about positive trends in the FX activity on several of the large banks' earnings calls. Open interest in FX continues to run at peak levels. With the upcoming election in the U.K. and the ongoing debate about what the Fed will do, we expect to continue to see some interesting activity in our FX markets. Moving on to our interest rate quadrant. After a strong first quarter, we have seen a slowdown in activity since the dovish sentiment from the Fed meeting in mid-March, coupled with a normally slow April and Easter holiday period. Weaker economic data tends to push expectations of a Fed rate move further out, as evidenced in our Fed funds futures markets, while making the ebb and flow of the rate decision debate even more dependent on upcoming economic data in the spring and summer months. Volatility in rate products have dropped in April, which you can see in the slides. We are fortunate that we have a very diverse product set, which is important when volume fluctuates like it does every year. As I've mentioned last quarter, we are focused on 3 primary areas of organic growth: increased penetration of global clients, attractive flow from the swaps business through clearing and exchange-traded alternatives and driving options growth across the platform, which elevates futures volume as well. Volume from outside the U.S. continues to be impressive as we leverage our investments in global headcount, partnerships and product development. Our Q1 electronic trading volume out of Asia reached a record 570,000 contracts per day, up 22% from Q1 of last year. That was double the 10% growth we saw out of North America during the quarter. Energy volume led the way in terms of product line growth from Asia, followed by FX and equities, all up more than 40%. Clearly, Asian clients are comfortable trading and clearing directly with a U.S.-based exchange. Average daily volume from Europe grew by 14% to 2.3 million contracts, led by interest rates and energy products. In addition, I'm pleased to see our European exchange is starting to expand from a small base. On April 10, we traded 10,000 contracts for the first time with contributions from FX, European national gas and cocoa. Turning to Swaps clearing. Positive momentum continued in Q1 and we are very pleased to have a leadership position here. We continue to push on the innovation front. Relative to the other major global clearing houses in rates, we were first with coupon blending, which offers capital and operational efficiencies in a capital and a resource-constrained world. This significantly reduces the number of transactions and the notional outstanding required to maintain a given portfolio. Already, customers have reduced over 100,000 line items and over $8 trillion in notional using the service. In addition, we are also working with TriOptima to offer multilateral compression for interest rate swaps for FCM house accounts. We were also first, logically so, with portfolio margining, facilitating individual client risk reduction by as much as 85%. Since the end of last year, the number of end clients utilizing this solution has more than doubled to 43 firms through 11 live clearing members. In December 2013, we expanded our offering to include clearing for the Mexican peso swaps, making our IRS product scope the broadest available on any platform, with 18 currencies. We now have 37 clients voluntarily clearing these Mexican peso swaps, including both dealer-to-dealer and dealer-to-client, and it is our fifth largest currency. All of these efforts have helped us to gain market share in plain vanilla fixed versus floating swaps in both dollar and non-dollar currencies. We continue to market our interest rate futures and options to over 500 DME OTC clearing customers. During the quarter, Greenwich Associates published a total transaction cost analysis comparing the cost of swaps versus futures. Based on the detailed analytics from the 42 clients surveyed, it showed that futures are nearly always the lowest cost alternative. The Greenwich report is available on our website and we continue to educate market participants about this important comparison. Building on this, in March, we launched a new web tool in conjunction with ICAP and the Beast Apps called RapidRV. This robust offering provides over 15 different analytics that allow customers to explore relative value and comparative pricing of swaps, cash treasury markets and CME Group interest rate futures. With real-time pricing feeds, customers are able to view side-by-side pricing analysis and opportunity assessment across fixed income products. For some time now, we have provided updates on statistics that we follow very closely that are potential signs of OTC clients using futures. Many of you have asked for additional data points on this transition. Last quarter, I mentioned our treasury futures business reached the highest proportion ever of the cash treasury business at 75% of the size of the cash market. I'm pleased to say in March that number jumped to 77%. One new piece of data can be found in the slides. We have analyzed the activity of our top users of portfolio margining and we have seen futures trading growth rates almost twice that of the overall marketplace. The third area of growth I want to touch on is our options business. We eclipsed our prior peak options volume from Q4 to set a new quarterly volume record in Q1. This was driven by continued investment in our options trading functionality and bolstered by specific sales and marketing campaigns to draw new customers to our options markets. We saw double-digit growth in interest rates, approximately 50% of our options business is traded electronically with about 40% traded on the floor, and the remainder via privately negotiated transactions. In terms of our efforts to electronify options, we have made significant progress within Eurodollar options on Globex over the last year. The percentage of Eurodollar option volume traded on Globex has grown from 11% in 2013 to 13% in 2014, and almost to 20% in March and April of this year. This recent increase in electronic activity has been driven by growth from European participants trading in our overnight hours. In comparison, in our earnings slide deck, you can see how the electronification of treasury options, which are currently around 63%, has created meaningful growth. The referenced slide illustrate the same trend across our other product lines as well. You can see the power of this transition, most significantly, perhaps in FX options where the average daily volume is up ninefold since 2009, powered by electronic trading. Additionally, we continue to successfully grow our energy options volumes on Globex, with 41% of our total energy options trading in -- on Globex in Q1, up from just 28% in Q1 of last year. The point here is that options growth will drive activity in the futures markets, too, since both these products are on the same platform and combination trades can be executed. So overall, we have had a nice start to the year. We continue to focus on ways to expand our business while driving productivity improvements throughout the organization. With that, I'm going to turn the call over to John to discuss the financials. Thank you.
John W. Pietrowicz: Thank you, Gill, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased with our results this quarter with revenue up over 8% and expenses down 2% compared with Q1 last year, driving operating margins above 62% for the quarter, our best result in the last few years. Adjusted EPS came in at $0.98, up 18% for the quarter compared to a strong Q1 last year. We saw a nice performance in our core futures, OTC clearing and market data revenue. I'll start with some revenue details. The rate per contract for Q1 was $0.753, up from $0.731 last quarter. The main driver of the increase was a shift in product mix, with an increased proportion of total volume coming from higher-priced commodity products. Specifically, we saw an approximate 2% shift from equity to energy products. Our transaction fee increase went into effect in February, and we have 2 months at the higher level in our first quarter RPC. OTC swaps revenue totaled $20 million for the quarter, up 53% versus Q1 last year. During the first quarter, we captured $129 per IRS cleared trade, which is consistent with what we've seen in the past, but down from Q4. We cleared approximately 2,370 trades per day in Q1, the highest level we have seen so far. Market data revenue of $98 million was up 10% versus Q1 last year, driven primarily by the elimination of our fee waiver program, which we have discussed the last few quarters. As a reminder, we began charging $42.50 per month for professional traders, who are grandfathered. And we also captured $6 per month on average per screen for nonprofessional traders. In Q1, we accrued for approximately 150,000 new screens, with approximately 1/3 of those at the higher professional level and 2/3 came in as nonprofessionals. It will likely take a few quarters to get to a steady state in terms of market data revenue, and we may see a drop from those $98 million level this quarter as customers settle into the new pricing structure. Adjusted expenses in Q1 were $317 million, down $8 million from Q1 last year. We are very focused on driving efficiency throughout the organization, and eliminating redundancy to improve agility and customer responsiveness. Virtually every expense category came down with the exception of Technology Services and volume-related license fees. At the same time, we continue to rollout significant number of new offerings, which Gill outlined. At the end of Q1, we had 2,670 employees, down about 15 people from year-end and down 90 relative to this point last year driven by our October restructuring. Our compensation ratio for the quarter was 15.9%, down from more than 17% the last 2 years. Turning to taxes, the effective rate for the quarter was 36.6%. And now to the balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, we had nearly $1.8 billion in cash, restricted cash and marketable securities. During the quarter, we issued a 10-year bond totaling $750 million at 3%, replacing debt that was going to mature in 2018. We also upsized our revolving credit facility from $1.75 billion to $2.25 billion. During Q1, our interest expense totaled $31 million, which was higher than Q4 primarily due to the double carry. We paid off the 2018 bond in April, and our quarterly run rate for interest expense will drop to approximately $29 million by the second half of the year. If we adjust for the bond transaction we completed on April 8, we had approximately $1.1 billion of total cash at the end of Q1. That leaves $400 million above the $700 million we target in terms of a minimum cash level. So far this year, we've paid out over $800 million in total dividends. During the first quarter, capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances totaled $27 million. In summary, the first quarter of 2015 demonstrated the leverage in our business model. The entire management team continues to focus on margin expansion with both top line growth and expense discipline. With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. Given the number of analysts who cover us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question so we can get to everyone. Please feel free to get back into the queue if you have further questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I guess, first just on the RPC improvement quarter-over-quarter, obviously you had the price increase to start. And then, Gill, you mentioned, some of the futurization dynamics. I'm just -- if you could help us think about the improvement and delineate between kind of the member, non-member mix as well as then what was actually just the function of the higher prices?
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure. Dan, this is John. You're correct. We had the price increase impact which began in February and we achieved what we expected, which was approximately 1.5% increase in the RPC. The areas that really impacted us are product shift, where we had a heavier exposure to energy this quarter, which has a higher RPC. And then, as you could tell from RPC results, FX certainly was favorable with a -- again a positive member -- non-member -- I'm sorry, positive non-member proportion as well as the impact of the price increase.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: So if I only got one question, I'm going to use it on a regulatory issue. So Gill, I know this equivalence debate has been going on. It appears that there's -- it looks like a compromise or could be coming. I guess, the question, is this whole issue overblown? Are you taking it -- is it that serious that -- or will they just delay it? And then what would be the impact to CME if they -- on the extreme downside, if they didn't come up with some compromise between 1-day gross and 2-day net?
Phupinder S. Gill: Rich, I think there is a lot of hope in both sides that we will get to an agreement. And I think Channing Massey [ph] is going to meet those European counterparts in a few days here. But I think the whole topic of equivalence has been taken very seriously by both sides. And I think the -- that the issue seemed to be centered around margining, customer margining, which is 2-day net versus 1-day gross. And I think when you're talking about the topic of equivalence, there will likely be a compromise. But I think, fundamentally, what Channing Massey [ph] said a few months ago, is the right point, that the U.S. is the gold standard. The U.S. exchange has helped create markets in London and all over the world. And so some of the things that we have in place, if you're looking at equivalence on a line-by-line basis, you have the U.S., for example, running full margin cycle twice a day. That does not happen in Europe. So if you're talking about margin period of risk, there are actually 2 margin periods of risk within a single day in the U.S. every single day, and that doesn't happen in Europe. And you cannot loan money to your clients. That doesn't happen in Europe. You have to collect money from your clients. That doesn't happen in Europe. But that debate seems to be centered on margin itself. And the levels of margin on the client side, which is the important side, on the client side in the U.S. on a gross margining basis, can be anywhere from 2x to 4x as large and then it would be on a net basis. We've heard some noise that it might be roughly equivalent. Roughly equivalent is not true. It's 2x or more. So we expect a compromise because we expect Channing Massey [ph] to make the same point that he made a few months ago, but I think just from of a factual base, there are a lot of differences there. The U.S. has fine-tuned their approach to customer protection far longer than anybody else.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Amanda Yao - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Amanda Yao stepping in for Ken Worthington. So on the energy side, CME continues to recover share in WTI, but has lost a little bit of ground in Brent. Can you talk about the competitive market in oil?
Derek Sammann: Yes, this is Derek here. If you actually look at what's going on globally in the energy market right now, it's an oversupply story. The oversupply story is very much a TI story. But when I actually look at the growth of our complex between ourselves and ICE, the overall story is being played out, an increasing market share of the world price discovery and certainly the question of price discovery taking place being driven by the Brent -- the TI side of the equation. If you look at the results between our energy complex versus their energy complex, I think ICE is up about 9% and we're up about 23%, 24% or so. In addition to kind of what we're seeing in the world focusing in on the TI side of the equation, we're also seeing out-performance of our options business. Our TI options, both in volumes and OI is increasing, not what you're seeing on the Brent side of the equation. So when we're actually seeing its volatile, clients tend to move their main products and we're seeing actually Brent participation down relative to TI. So we think that continues to play out and we think that the participation in our markets as we globalize our customer base has been very positive for us out of the story. And plus, if you look back at the trading, 95% of the days, TI trading is outpacing the volumes. They are trading on the ICE, Brent side. So we think that, that will continue. And we think that's a story that's very positive for our franchise as a whole.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just had a question on the volume outlook. I mean, I know it's short term, but if we look at the current trends, things are weak and this is more broadly for the industry even year-over-year. I just wanted to get a sense, when you -- there's some chatter on the FCMs, given the Basel rules that there's some pressure on that part of the business, but there's still a debate going on. So what's the outlook there? And then on the flip side, you guys do a good job in terms of giving us the stats in terms of the new users and the penetration in the OTC market or users coming over to the futures market. But when you think about that opportunity set for CME, like, how far along are you in talking to those customers or bringing them on-board? Because, obviously, like Europe's not on-board, but you're seeing a shift earlier than I think a lot of people would have expected. So just trying to get a sense of what that kind of runway looks like.
Phupinder S. Gill: Sure. This is Gill. I'll start and I'll ask both Sean and Derek to try and chime in here in their respective areas. I think this is one of the principal advantages you'll have when you have an exchange that has 6 asset classes, all of which that have benchmarks. So if one's down, the other one will pick itself up. There are a variety of fundamental reasons for the performance of both the rate side and the energy side. Derek touched on a few of them, but the marketplace that we have allows our clientele to basically hedge their risk and their exposures as they see fit. So you saw a lull in volume over the last week. But yesterday, late in the morning or early in the afternoon, there was more news from the Fed, and that led to a $16 million-odd day for us yesterday. This morning, we're off to good start with $4-plus million on the same lines of uncertainty that leads to hedging activity on our side. So the long-fund payroll numbers that come out tomorrow will be interesting for us to see. But what we're seeing here is exactly what we have talked about over the last few years, where the nature of the business is such that when there is uncertainty around when the Fed would take action and what kind of action they will take, our products will react as -- such as you saw yesterday, and you've seen for many days in the first quarter. Derek or Sean, anything to add?
Sean Tully: Yes. I think -- this is Sean. We continue to see progress on the OTC side, both in terms of increasing number of clients, increasing volumes, increasing market share and as well the futurization. So on the futurization, Gill mentioned earlier, that we had, in the fourth quarter, record penetration of cash treasury market at 75%, and in April we saw 77%. So we continue to see progress on that front. In addition to that, another interesting statistic is we've seen a very big increase in a number of participants taking advantage of portfolio margining. And with the portfolio margining, we saw a doubling actually of the number of clients in Q1 using the portfolio margining versus a year ago, now running 43 clients being facilitated by 11 FCMs. An interesting front is not just having new participants enter our futures and options market with the big growth we've talked about before that we've had over the last couple of years in large, open-interest holders, but in addition to that we see that the participants who are trading both in our futures and swaps and who are taking advantage of portfolio margining, their growth rates in our futures complex runs about double that of other participants. So we're seeing an increasing number of participants in the futures as well as higher trading volumes by those folks taking advantage of our margin and capital efficiency. John?
John W. Pietrowicz: It's worth noting that our ADV is down 8%, which is less than other exchanges. If you recall, there is a Good Friday this month so our actual total volume's only down 4%. And assuming current RPC trends and if you apply that to our volume this quarter -- or this month, I should say, our revenue would be roughly flat.
Phupinder S. Gill: Michael, you used your one question per person quite effectively. I think you asked 3 or 4 things. And one of the questions you had asked was about the FCMs and how they're rationalizing their cost of the business. I think what you're seeing now is they're taking a very hard look across the cleared business and trying to figure out the effect of Basel and other capital charges that are being imposed on them, a rational way to pass these charges through. And I think one of the large banks recently announced a 75-basis-point charge on the collateral, that's being passed through to them as a way to offset some of these capital charges that they have. Now this emphasizes even more what Sean just talked about, which is portfolio margining. The more efficient a portfolio is, the less collateral that is required. The less collateral that we put that as required makes for less expensive proposition for the client base, and by extension, less of a capital charge issue that the banks might have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Niamh Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: If I could go back to the regulatory issues. They're popping up everywhere with the FCM and their capital and Rich's question earlier. But this is a skin in the game issue because it doesn't seem to going away and now we're starting to hear maybe a few more regulators pop comments into their speeches and whatnot about looking at maybe concentration of risk and whatnot. So if you could maybe give us an update? From what we can see, there's nothing -- no official process right now with respect to changing any of the liquidity or capital requirements on the clearing houses, but if you wouldn't mind updating us on that discussion.
Phupinder S. Gill: Sure, Niamh. I think, the update -- this has been an extremely transparent issue that has been out in the press. So the update is, what you're reading in the press, there is a lot of call for skin in the game. And I think the education process began a few weeks ago, when we issued the white paper on who brings the risk to the table, who manages that risk, who has the skin in the game, where exactly is that skin in the game, what should change, why should it change, and what market conditions are driving the current skin in the game with respect to the guarantee fund. And if those market conditions occur and those eventualities occur, what are the things that regulators should be concerned about? Skin in the game would be one of them, but I would bet you it would be 100 on a long list of things you have to deal with because the whole argument behind the guarantee fund and being a SEDCO, a nearly defined SEDCO, we are systemically important and our requirements changed dramatically a few years ago from a cover 1 standard to a cover 2. So right now, we are talking about additional skin in the game for a smaller amount of skin in the game, when the largest 2 counterparties in the world have failed. That's amazing given some massive moves in the markets across the successive classes that we have. So it's an interesting debate, and we will continue to educate anybody that wants to be educated about this. And I think that the issues will play themselves out throughout the course of the year.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: You don't see anything, therefore, changing with respect to the liquidity or the capital requirements?
Phupinder S. Gill: Very hard to say here, Niamh. I don't anticipate change, but it's very hard to say.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just continuing on the line of the swap to futures trajectory, and thanks very much for the additional analysis on that. But do you have any sense of -- or is there any way to potentially calculate what portion of either the ADV or open interest in your interest rate futures complex is coming from former swap user, so we can sort of get an idea of the trajectory there? And then, just on Slide 20, on the options usage similar type of question in terms of what do you think the multiplier effect is from when options or trading becomes electronified in terms of stimulating futures volumes?
Sean Tully: So in terms of the moving OTC participants over into our futures, we've given a number of metrics. We don't have, on the business side, complete clarity into each and every account, and there is a Chinese wall. So the metrics that we've given, I think we have a very strong indication that we're seeing a number of things. We're seeing an increasing number of participants in our futures market that we believe are driven by our OTC sales activities. In addition to that those folks that are taking advantage of the portfolio margin, which we can't look through to, their growth rates in our futures complex is running around double that of the folks that are otherwise. So we continue to see increasing penetration of that. And the other thing I would say is I think that, that runway continues to be very large. If I can give you an example, the most popular trading strategy in U.S. dollar interest rate swap space is something called a swap spread. While there is no publicly available information on that particular trade, we believe that particular trade probably runs on the order $80 billion a day or on the order of 800,000 contracts a day in our treasury futures equivalent. At the moment, our EFRs in invoice spreads -- so kind of the equivalent in interest rate futures plus cleared interest rate swaps space relative to that swap spread market remains a small fraction of the swap spread market. We're running on the order of 60,000, 65,000 a day in our invoice spreads. So we continue to see a very large runway relative to that opportunity.
Derek Sammann: And this is Derek on the option side. A couple of things: you've heard us point to the areas in which we're making investment to grow participation in our options markets, investing in functionality to accommodate some more complex spreads, increasing our sales, marketing and education and analytics tools, we're putting out there to bring more people to our market. To answer your question, the reason that we feel so strong that the investments and options drives our core is that for every options that trade, we think there is roughly between 2 and 2.5 futures the trade related to that option, traditionally, because there are a number of participants that come in the trade-offs in delta neutral. They will hedge their position in options with our futures and then dynamically reestablish and maintain those hedges and change them as price action goes on. Secondly, we are unique in that -- in every major asset class that Gill referenced. We have a referenced benchmark options business associated with that asset class. So we are bringing both the futures and options together, so we're dynamically bringing key participants to our markets. And finally, the growth in electronification, as you've seen in the futures story, continues to spot an increase of velocity with trading, both in options and our futures. So you've seen these breakdowns in the deck. Despite the fact that we're about 49% to 50% electronic, if you go inside these figures each one, you'll see that the treasury options on the following slide is close to 65% electronic. Inside the energies business, you'll see our Brent options is close to 70% electronic. And nat gas, which is in a different market structure state right now, is probably close to 5% or 10% electronic. So these investments we're making are both bringing new participants to us, creating a unique value proposition for the future and the option to hedge in the same clearing house for significant margin efficiencies, and the electronification trends has been a virtuous cycle of increased participation both on the futures and options side.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's really helpful. And the 2 to 2.5 is for the whole complex or just for the rates of spread?
Derek Sammann: That's across the entire complex.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Allen with Evercore.
Christopher J. Allen - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Just wanted to talk a little bit about expenses. If we analyze the first quarter run rate, it comes in at about 3% below last year's levels and you guys have been guiding to flat. And given the strength in the revenue side, I was a little bit surprised on the bonus accrual for the quarter and also curious on marketing and other. So I guess, if you could talk about kind of the expense outlook, maybe what flexibility you have if current volume trends for April, which I know it's only one month, but if they continue, what are the flexibility you may have on the expense side going forward?
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure, Chris, this is John. We are very happy with the Q1 results on expenses. We have really been focused on driving margin expansion and expense discipline in key areas that don't impact growth are a focus of ours. As it relates to kind of the back half of the year just in terms of expenses, we anticipate both depreciation and marketing coming in a little bit heavier towards the back half of the year, and so that's something that we're keeping our eye on. In terms of the impact on volumes and if volumes decrease, what you could do on the expense side, again, we would take a look at being very selective in our hiring. Obviously, the variable cost, both on the bonus side and on the license fee side, would come. And then, we will also take a look at any other kind of discretionary expenses and keep those in check. Just in terms of the guidance, we'll look forward to talking a little bit more about that in the second quarter as we get another quarter under our belt here.
Christopher J. Allen - Evercore ISI, Research Division: And just -- I mean, just quickly on the bonus, I mean the target was $70 million annualized this quarter to $67.6 million even with strong revenues. I mean, any color on that?
John W. Pietrowicz: No. I mean, I think the key thing is the bonus level is based on -- based not only on performance, but also on the number of participants in the bonus pool. And as you saw, we're down 15 people since year-end, and down 90 versus last year. So we are being extremely selective in our go-forward hiring, which will impact the bonus level.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I came in late, so hopefully this wasn't asked. I wanted to talk a little bit about structural pressures in the business. It seems like over the last few years, that question has come up off and on, how capital changes and Dodd-Frank and things like that will impact the business? And it seems like we haven't seen much, but more recently, I think the noise has gotten much bigger in terms of the big banks talking about having to raise clearing fees to make RE, prime brokers costs are going up, some FCMs are exiting the business, and some companies are even firing clients because they're not profitable anymore. So I know, to some degree, this probably helps you in terms of futurization and things like that, but I'm wondering to what degree it is actually impacting your business, how and if? Because some of your peers are starting to acknowledge it so we would love to hear your comments?
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes, Alex. This is Gill. I think to your point, a lot of that turmoil that you are seeing in the marketplace is specific to OTC futures -- to OTC swaps and not futures, excuse me. So -- and as you said, it, on the one hand, helps the futures marketplace, but on the other hand, where the futures marketplace is truly complementary. It may have the potential to actually hurt. Our viewpoint, though, as we have developed futures contract with more and more flexibility built into them such as the swap deliverable futures that we rolled out, the differences are becoming less and less. And so the help to futures will continue on. I think that will be a net positive for us. The issue that the banks and the others that are providing services are facing right now is the initial mispricing of the business. It's how I would say it. And I think this is one of the things that no one knew where the pain points were going to be. Capital increases were not taken into account. I think on the net, when you take these things into account, what's emerging now is a rationalization of the true cost of clearing OTC which cannot be ignored. And so those banks that have decided to get out of the business, I think it's specific to the OTC side. And so that's on the one hand, concentrates, which will be a concern that we should have. The concern that we have here, the exchange is a concentration risk where OTC is being cleared in the hands of very few folks. And the regulator should be concerned about that, too, which leads them to higher capital charges, less participation, which was not what Dodd-Frank had intended, which is a broader participation in the marketplace. So on the whole to sum up what I'm saying, and John has a few things to add here is it helps the futures marketplace. It allows us to innovate more and create more flexible futures contract that meet those marketplace needs without the expense associated with it. And the regulators would still have to start to look at the concentration issues that come about, and this leads them to the guarantee fund issues and all those other fun things. John?
John W. Pietrowicz: Thanks, Gill. I'll just -- Alex, a couple of quick points to expand on what Gill is saying. As you're aware, the -- as customers come to the futures markets because they get better capital efficiencies, we have an opportunity to monetize the amount of collateral that they put up into our clearing house because they're able to generate value by putting their positions on in our markets. So as you look at our balance sheet, you'd see that our cash and performance bonds have increased from about $40 billion to about $45 billion. We were able to monetize that in 3 different ways: one, through IEF fees; second, through earning money on the cash float; and we've also implemented a new custody fee. So we were able to charge about $8.6 million net in Q1, which is up from net $7.2 million in Q4 for an increase of about 20%, and that's just another way we're able to help our customers get better capital treatment and then also to CME to benefit as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Another one bigger picture question, I guess. We're starting to hear more and more about this kind of switching from futures to ETFs. BlackRock was pretty adamant about it recently attributing some of the growth in their ETF product to folks switching from futures to ETFs. Do you see that on your end at all? And I know there have been a couple of studies in the past which are somewhat outdated now in terms of the benefits of ETFs versus futures and the other way around. So maybe just kind of updated thoughts on that front and whether any of the capital requirements at the banks are partially the driver for the switch?
Phupinder S. Gill: Alex, this is Gill. I'll start and I'll ask Sean to tell a bit about it. It's very important to stick to the facts here in terms of the total cost of ownership. There was an interesting article, that I alluded to a short while ago that's on our site. And this is actually a continuation of what was done by some Goldman Sachs analysts and JPMorgan analysts, some years back comparing the efficiency of ETFs to -- in [ph] futures, for example. So Sean, do you want to talk about the findings?
Sean Tully: We published the paper now a couple of months ago. It is available on our website, that looks at the costs of ETFs relative to representing a risk versus the cost of using our futures complex. And all of the data is in there, the calculations are very, very clear. Without any question, under nearly every scenario, depending upon the type of user as well as the length of time that the user uses the products. So it's also about the strategy whether you're going long or short. Under nearly every scenario, our futures are the lower-cost alternative relative to ETFs. And we have found that very much resonating with the marketplace. In terms of liquidity, our futures complex is far, far larger, far more liquid than the ETF market. And if you look at our S&P futures for example, we tend to trade on the order of 7x the notional volume of the equivalent ETFs. So we are getting our message out there relative to the lower cost alternative, which is the futures complex.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christian Bolu with Crdit Suisse.
Christian Bolu: So just on portfolio margining, you spoke quite a bit about the benefits of that product. I believe LCH recently launched its own version of portfolio margining. So that offering might likely be just part of the course going forward in the industry. Curious as to how you think your offering is superior? And if you think your offering will have any impact at all on your penetration in that business?
Phupinder S. Gill: Sure, Christian, I'll be very happy to answer that. Portfolio margining announcing it, but not having anything to spread against is going to be an issue. So at CME, we've got our swaps portfolio, that is portfolio margined against our Eurodollars and treasuries, that leads to the 85% number that I have. The LCH -- I think they had the LIBOR and they don't have it anymore, it's an ICE. So the swaps that they are taking in has to be offset against something. And I'm not sure what that something is for LCH at this point. So I think that's about it. I hope I answered the question that you have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Rutschow with CLSA.
Robert Rutschow - CLSA Limited, Research Division: So in the past, you've provided the breakdown of activity by client type. I'm wondering if you might be willing to provide us with an update on that metric? And specifically, I'm interested in the amount of activity you generate from firms that have a bank charter. And whether the decline that we've seen in the notional amount of derivatives they have on the balance sheet that's mirrored to the client in the futures for that client base?
Phupinder S. Gill: Rob, I don't think we have provided this.
Unknown Executive: Not since Q1 '10.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yes. And the last time we provided it, Rob, was in 2010 and we think it's about the same. And banks are about less than 10% of the revenue.
Sean Tully: This is Sean. I'll jump in for a second as well. For the banks, the supplemental leverage ratio is usually important. So things like our coupon blending service, which allows the banks to represent the same portfolio with a much, much lower notional outstanding, allows them to continue to trade similar volumes to the volumes they have in the past, but it would show up as a much lower balance sheet item helping them with their Basel III concern. So as we said earlier, we've assisted in coupon blending over 100 -- the reduction of over 100,000 line items over $8 trillion in notional, yet you've seen we had enormous growth in our OTC average daily volumes, which drive our fees in the first quarter.
Derek Sammann: And I would just add to the color in terms of where we're seeing the growth across the various client segments. I mean, if you look across the asset classes, the trend for the growth has been positively noted amongst our proprietary firms, our hedge fund, the asset manager community. And something interesting that we were seeing within our international side of the equation is quite an uptake in volume and the activity from the bank sector, both within EMEA as well as Asia Pacific. So we're seeing, again, the penetration across all these clients segments in the investments that we're making from that perspective paying off in terms of the outreach in growth across the various segments and across our diverse asset classes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So my question is with NASDAQ announcing that they're going to be launching an energy exchange, what's your level of concern? Because there already seems to be some pretty robust competition between yourselves and ICE. They seem to think there's a market need for a third party. How do guys view the landscape right now?
John W. Pietrowicz: Yes, thanks. Great question. We've -- we take every one of these competitive threats very seriously. We start with the customers, and our focal point, if you heard from us over many of the last quarters' calls has been servicing our customer base, understanding their pain points and addressing that with product capital efficiencies, upper efficiencies, et cetera. We have had no shortage of exchanges come in and try to look at sort of a me-too approach to copying our list of products and our competitor's list of products. What we have found is that unless you're solving a specific customer problem, unless you're creating a solution for a pain point or bottleneck in the operational margin side of the equation, then there's -- it's a -- you've got tough haul. In addition to that, you're seeing a move into an asset class to your point was 2 very robust competitive dynamic market participants already. So what we have found in the feedback from customers is the only value prop we have heard is we're cheaper. Now we've seen that before. We've seen no product differentiation, no technology differentiations, no margin efficiencies. So we're talking to our customers and saying, "If we're continuing to serve your needs, we will continue to move into new areas of service for you." So we take every one of these competitive threats seriously, but we're in the process of solving customer approaches. There is an analog here relative to a scene where NASDAQ went after a similar market, Anilex in Europe, thinking that there was an opportunity to bring together disconnected parts of the market with 2 already entrenched participants, and I think you've seen them really struggle. And there were a lot of stipends put out there to create a significant amount of volume. When those stipends disappeared, the volume disappeared. So this will keep us on our game, no question. We saw those volumes drop from over 100,000 ADV down to about 6,000 or 7,000 ADV. So we know this game. We understand the competitive threat. We take it as a form of flattery that we've got folks coming in thinking we've got fabulous products that they want as well. So we're focused on moving into servicing our clients in new ways. We're moving into new developing markets with new unique solutions like we're doing with our NBP and TTF products in CME Europe and other ways to serve our customer base. So that's -- we are absolutely acutely concerned about it. We've seen this before for the NYPC and other attacks, so we're taking it seriously.
Operator: Our final question comes from Chris Allen with Evercore.
Christopher J. Allen - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Just wanted to follow-up -- I wanted to ask you on the outlook for market data, I mean, have you -- anything that you've seen so far in the second quarter in terms of maybe reduced screens? Kind of give some color in terms of potential impact that you kind of alluded to in the slide deck?
Bryan T. Durkin: Chris, it's Bryan. I think the methodical approach that we've taken since we eliminated the waiver over the course of the year is having its intended effect. We're pleased with the results that we've seen thus far while we're early into the stages in the context of those users fully absorbing the impact. The trend has been very positive. There's been some shift in terms of pro versus non-pro, but we're monitoring that very closely. And the next quarter will hopefully validate the good work that we've done across the globe in terms of getting our end-users to adapt to the change.
Christopher J. Allen - Evercore ISI, Research Division: So the metrics you gave us before, of the 150,000, 1/3 professional, 2/3 non, those have been static through April?
Bryan T. Durkin: We haven't seen April yet. That's coming a little later. So it's been fairly consistent through the first couple of months that we looked at, right.
Operator: We do have another final question that came in from Akhil Bhatia with Rosenblatt Securities.
Akhil Bhatia: Just another follow up on the market data. So I appreciate the additional color on the levels moving down from the $98 million you posted this quarter. But last quarter, you talked about an annual level of about $375 million. Can you address if that's still a good level or if we should be moving off of that as well?
Bryan T. Durkin: Yes. I mean, if you look at a look it, it certainly would move higher than the $375 million. Again, as we indicated, we had 50,000 pro screens and 100,000 non-pro screens. And just as a reminder that the 50,000 screens that are pro will double beginning in next year. And also, another key point is that any new participants are going to be charged at $85.
Operator: This time, I'm showing no further questions.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you, all, for joining us on this, our 50th earnings call. And we look forward to talking to all of you on the 51st. Thanks.
John W. Pietrowicz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John C. Peschier - Managing Director of Investor Relations Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee John W. Pietrowicz - Chief Financial Officer Bryan T. Durkin - Chief Commercial Officer Kimberly S. Taylor - President of Global Operations, Technology & Risk
Analysts: Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christian Bolu Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the CME Group Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. John Peschier. Thank you. You may begin.
John C. Peschier: Thank you for joining us. Gill and John will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the fourth quarter and then we will open it up for your questions. Terry, Bryan and Kim are on the call as well, and will participate in Q&A. Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, which are available on our website. Now I would like to turn the call over to Gill.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you, John, and thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased with our team's efforts and our performance during 2014. Further, the Q4 results we are going to talk about today were outstanding, and I'm proud of our staff for their hard work during some pretty difficult times. During the fourth quarter, our ADV reached almost 15 million contracts, up more than 30%, and it is our second highest volume quarter in our history during a normally slow time of the year. We saw significant growth in every product area, ranging from 14% growth in metals to 41% growth in interest rates. Record options ADV increased 38%, and futures rose 29%. Q4 revenue of $841 million was the second highest we have ever had. Most importantly, our earnings per share on an adjusted basis in the fourth quarter was up more than 50%. Over the last 3 to 4 years, we have been investing organically in a very targeted way to broaden our global reach and to drive more core volume growth as trading conditions improve. I've spoken about this on every earnings call since I became CEO, and we are making progress. During the quarter, we traded 3 million contracts per day from outside the United States, by far, the highest level we've ever seen. Revenue from outside the U.S. accounted for approximately 30% of our Globex revenue and 24% of the volume. Our liquidity is building around the clock. You certainly saw that on our record day in October, when a much higher proportion traded from outside the U.S. than an average day. Fourth quarter electronic ADV from European clients was 2.4 million contracts, up 45% on a year-over-year basis, outperforming North America, which rose 31%. In Europe, we saw growth of 61% year-over-year in our interest rate business, and 32% growth in equities during the quarter. About 3 years ago, we made a concerted effort to reach out to educate European clients about the product suite client-by-client. In 2014, we spent considerable time talking to these clients about our OTC rates offering and marketing how our Eurodollars, treasuries and other products can be utilized. We also pointed that the interest rate curve was more dynamic in the U.S. and provided more opportunity for them than other alternatives. Based on our efforts and market conditions, both hedgers and speculators from this region have ramped up the activity in our markets. The portion of our interest rate swap business coming from outside the U.S. is increasing, particularly from European-based clients. This is surprising since the European mandate for clearing is still several quarters away. We have successfully transitioned some businesses from these clients into futures, driven by superior capital efficiency relative to swaps. In Asia, our volumes rose 51% compared to the same quarter a year ago. Our equities volume grew 96%, energy jumped 56% and the interest rates were up 54%. In Asia, in our view, we are at very early stages in terms of awareness and education and, ultimately, the conversion of new clients. Many of our client meetings are about expanding the full breadth of our product offering and when we make progress, the discussion turns to connectivity through our training platform and establishing clearing relationships. Once we successfully engage, the ongoing trading activity tends to be fairly sticky. Based on where we are at this point and the large number of potential clients, I anticipate this region will be the fastest-growing area for CME Group over the next 3 to 5 years. I will now shift to talking about a few of our product areas, starting with rate futures, options and cleared swaps. Our OTC efforts continued to progress in the fourth quarter. We had the highest clearing revenue to date in Q4, which John will touch upon. In interest rates swaps, during 2014, we overtook our competitor in D2C dollar-based clearing, moving from 32% market share in 2013 to 49% in 2014, including 55% in the fourth quarter. We recently have picked up market share as well in nondollar swap clearing, which you can see on Slide 9. In addition to significant customer engagement, our unique portfolio margining value proposition is clearly drawing more U.S. and European clients our platform. As an update, we are now up to 36 firms utilizing portfolio margining, double the 17 we had at the end of 2013. We are currently providing $3.9 billion of savings versus $1 billion at the end of 2013. We added 2 additional FCMs who are live with our clients and increasing the total to 9 FCMs. Trade count market share, which is most closely tied to revenue, jumped from 47% from 2013 to 51% in Q4 2014. Lastly, we are currently at 64% of the open interest in terms of the global OTC clearing houses. We continue to market our interest rate futures and options to our more than 500 OTC clearing customers. Clearly, this is one of the drivers of our 40-plus percent growth in rates volume during Q4 and almost 20% growth in 2014. Comparatively, the FICC businesses at banks, European rates, volumes and cash treasury volumes were all under pressure. I wanted to share a couple of updates on statistics that we follow very closely. Large open interest holders in rates jumped by 15% during 2014 to 1,615 firms spread over our rate futures complex. About half of this increase was in our Eurodollars, 2-year treasuries and Fed fund contracts, so we are seeing more focus on the front end now. Our treasury futures notional volume was -- as a percent of reported cash treasuries jumped to 75% for full year, up from 67% in 2013. Lastly, block volumes are up 80% in 2014 for rate products, outperforming other venues. This is an indicator of large participants entering our markets and using futures for OTCs now trading. Our focus is to continue to aggressively draw attention to the advantages of our products, and I would expect the debate about the Fed decision-making to remain in place. Because we list contracts up to 10 years, one of the nice things for us is we benefit financially prior to the actual first increase and then beyond. Within treasuries, we have seen an increased volatility in market events recently. In January, treasury futures were up 25% and treasury options were up 31%. Activity that is clearly hinged to both domestic and global events has us interconnected. Lastly, we are working to leverage our connectivity and relationships with credit trading clients to increase activity in our credit default swap business. During Q4, our revenue exceeded $1 million for the first time and was up 67% sequentially, as we achieved the highest revenue market share yet. While the current revenue is fairly small, this is worth watching in 2015 as we expand our offerings. Turning to FX. We had a challenging time during the first 8 months of 2014, with extremely low volatility and turmoil in the cash FX market. Volumes averaged around 700,000 per day during that time. From September to December, we averaged 1 million per day, up 36% versus the prior year as volatility returned to normalized levels. In January, our FX business rose more than 20% from the prior year. Our expectation is that market participants will continue to be drawn to the deep liquidity we have in FX and the safety and soundness of a cleared market. Our trading and clearing processes functioned very smoothly during the Swiss Franc event that occurred a few weeks ago. We are pleased that we are at near-record open interest and continue to grow the number of large open-interest holders, which in a higher-trending volatility environment should support our volume growth. We have seen a pick-up in our energy business, and our market share grew during the year in natural gas and crude oil. Volatility hit an all-time low in energy in the second and third quarters last year, and we have seen outsized activity as that has changed. WTI prices were range-bound between $80 and $105 for a few years, and we have clearly rebased, which very few experts projected last June. Volatility now is back near historical norms. And as we know, these markets are difficult to predict. Our team is heavily engaged with energy customers about our full suite of products and the unique possibilities in the marketplace. We are increasingly focused on the European energy markets, where a large percentage of the business remains uncleared. As you all know, innovation has been a hallmark of our exchange, and we have certainly not slowed down on that front. Recently, we calculated the volume and revenue from products launched since closing our mergers. In total, since 2010, we have driven 450 million new contracts traded and $380 million of incremental revenue from these products. Over the last quarter, we have announced many other new product expansions, including palm oil swamps, iron ore futures, European natural gas, kilo gold futures and physically settled cocoa futures in Europe. We are working as closely as ever with both domestic and non-U.S.-based clients I mentioned, and they are looking for more alternatives from us. In particular, our new European natural gas activity has exceeded our oil expectation during the first few weeks of trading, driven by commercial user participation. Finally, we made some important decisions in October to rightsize our company and to reorganize our structure. The new accountability and structure has worked well and will help as we execute our goals in 2015 and beyond. We are completely focused on efficiency throughout the organization and meeting the demands of our customers in practically any environment. Our focus is on driving operating margins, earnings and free cash flow higher, which is currently how our compensation targets are set throughout the firm. I thank my colleagues for their significant effort and engagement. With that, let me turn the call over to John Pietrowicz to discuss the financials.
John W. Pietrowicz: Thank you, Gill, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm very pleased with how we finished 2014 with a strong fourth quarter performance. We continued to demonstrate the significant operating leverage in our business model. Looking at the adjusted results, revenue increased by $154 million or 22% compared to Q4 last year, and expenses increased less than 1%. Most importantly, our adjusted earnings per share rose more than 50%. Now I'll turn to some revenue details. The rate per contract for Q4 was $0.731, up from $0.725 last quarter despite higher volume. The main driver for the increase was a shift in the product mix, with an increased proportion of total volume from higher-priced commodity products. OTC swaps revenue totaled $18 million for the quarter, up 16% versus last quarter. In Q4, we captured $148 per IRS OTC trade due to positive customer mix shifts this quarter. We cleared approximately 1,780 trades per day in the quarter, up from prior quarters. In January, that has jumped to more than 2,000 per day. Market data revenue is up 17% versus Q4 last year, driven primarily by our pricing change, but also bolstered by new paying customers. Lastly, other revenues is up sequentially, driven by approximately $3 million related to platform development with our partners in Brazil. Also, we had higher compliance fines compared to the prior quarter, which was offset in other expense. Adjusted expenses in Q4 were $341 million, close to Q4 last year when we had elevated technology-related costs. Based on the very strong volume in Q4 and higher-than-expected revenue, our license fees and bonus grew more than we projected during the last call. Total compensation was down $2 million sequentially despite the higher bonus, driven by recent staff reductions. At the end of Q3, we had 2,825 employees and we ended the year at approximately 2,685, which is down approximately 5%. Turning to taxes. The effective rate for the year ended at about 37% on a pro forma basis, down from last year's 37.6%, with the effective tax rate for this quarter of approximately 36.4%. And now to the balance sheet. At the end of the year, we had more than $1,550,000,000 in cash, restricted cash and marketable securities. In January, we paid out $671 million in our variable dividend of $2 per share. Following the dividend payout and the impact of strong fourth quarter as well as cash flow timing, we started the year with approximately $880 million of cash. We are extremely focused on providing a significant return of capital to our shareholders, including our recently announced 6% increase in our regular quarterly dividend to $0.50 per share. During the fourth quarter, capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances totaled $42 million, and for the year, we came in at $138 million. This is below guidance provided the last quarter, and the difference was driven largely by a shift in real estate-related timing. Now I'd like to turn to our forward guidance for 2015. As you know, we don't provide volume or revenue projections. We said last quarter that we would go through our budgeting process and that we expected to be able to keep expenses flat in 2015. After a thorough review, our expense guidance for 2015 is flat at $1.31 billion. Based on the fact that variable expenses increase as transaction fees grow, we will be extremely focused on our discretionary and fixed infrastructure expenses to support this guidance at higher revenue levels than we saw in 2014. I'll provide some assistance in terms of the expense line items. Compensation is likely to be higher in 2015, as normal merit promotion increases and some selective hiring more than offset the reduction from our October announcement. Our bonus at the target level in 2015 is approximately $70 million, which is similar to the actual payout this year, with obviously higher targets. As information, the ceiling on the bonus is $105 million, and we would have to exceed our cash earnings target by 20% to reach that level. Turning to the license fee line, there are 3 product groups that contribute to virtually all of the expense. The largest impact is in our equity business, where we have a profit share with our indexed joint venture, so as that business line changes, the payout will fluctuate. We capture approximately 7% of this in nonoperating income and expense due to our ownership stake in the joint venture. The other 2 product areas which drive license fees are energy, based on ClearPort broker incentives; and our interest rate swaps revenue share with founding members. Volume in our core interest rates, FX, ags and metals futures products have very little impact on this line. This means our license fees as a percentage of transaction fees is impacted by product mix. For example, in 2014, the ratio ranged from 4%, when interest rate volumes dominated in Q3, and that jumped to 4.8% in Q4, when we saw a surge in equities and energy volumes alter the mix. In addition, in 2015, we plan to reduce marketing and other expenses by approximately $10 million. I know it is difficult for you to triangulate where our expenses would be at various revenue levels. The management team is very focused on delivering expenses at $1.31 billion in 2015, and we all realize that variable expenses may be impacted at different revenue levels. We will do our best to reduce costs without impacting our growth plans, if volume grows significantly. The bottom line is that if our expenses end up being materially higher than our guidance due the variable expenses because our revenue is so high, I will be happy, and I suspect our shareholders will be too. One final point on expenses. We have traditionally guided to mid-single-digit expense growth for the company, and we were at that level during the last few years, even as we invested in new growth areas. With much of the infrastructure in place now, we are revising our expense outlook to low- to mid-single digit range for the next few years. We will methodically look at our business to drive efficiencies. An example of that is the announcement last night concerning the closure of most of our futures pits and 2 of our options pits, which we anticipate completing in July. As a result, we will reduce annual expense by approximately $10 million. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $150 million in 2015, in line with where we have been the last few years, and that includes some of the real estate carryover from last year. Our tax rate is expected to be 37%, assuming no change in Illinois income tax laws or any corporate tax changes at the federal level. In terms of market data, we are working with our intermediaries to help them appropriately categorize subscriber usage, and we will complete our first billing process in late February for those that operated under our now-expired market data electronic trading waiver. Therefore, we will provide more color on the expected financial impact of the change on our Q1 earnings call. As a reminder, beginning in January 2015, we started to charge 50% of our monthly rate per screen to previously waived professional subscribers, which equates to $42.50 per month per CME Group exchange. We have been working closely with our client base and provided the market a 2-plus year transition period before charging the full rate, which will take effect in January 2016. At that point, we will be in line with other exchanges that eliminated the market data waiver several years ago. For now, the consensus estimate of $375 million of market data revenue is an appropriate placeholder. I look forward to providing you more clarity in a few months. Finally, we adjusted transaction fee pricing across all 6 products in a targeted way, which went into effect earlier this week. We expect the transaction fee revenue to increase approximately 1.5%, assuming the same mix levels in 2015, and the largest percentage change will be in interest rates, primarily in treasuries. Now for a brief comment concerning our transaction with GFI. As you saw, CME and GFI mutually terminated our merger agreement. The battle that unfolded over the last few months was over the IDB business and was not our fight, which led to our decision to ultimately take a step back from the transaction. However, we will still have an agreement with JPI, GFI's largest shareholder, that limits their ability to sell their shares or vote their shares for an alternative transaction for 12 months. Looking forward, we have been a part of the Trayport platform for some time, and we have a long-term commercial agreement with Trayport. We will continue to build our energy business through the platform. As Gill mentioned, we recently launched European natural gas products, which are off to a good start. Activity in January continued to be robust. We averaged more than 15.6 million contracts per day for the month, up more than 20%. Similar to Q4, we saw strength across the board, with all product areas up double digits and outperforming other multi-asset class derivatives exchanges. With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rich Repetto from Sandler O'Neill.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: And I guess if I got one question, it's going to be on the options. And you devote a number of slides on that. You're also closing the pits, except for the options. And I guess, Gill, the question is, if we hit that and -- how close are we to this inflection point? And I guess there is still a message that by keeping the options pits or certain option pits open that that's still vital in certain product areas anyway.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thanks for that question, which I will ask Bryan to add some specifics to what I'm going to say. But as far as this inflection point is concerned, I think you have reached there with respect to those contract that tend to trade in a front-month type of configuration. But for those option contracts where the trading spreads across a curve or across multiple months, those are the options that continue to trade somewhat on the floor. So while overall, our options percentage is 52%, some of the pits have far exceeded that amount. And for those that have not, those are the pits that will remain open. Now the option and the choices of many other folks that have shut the floor was to just force the thing onto a box. That's not the way we have been running this because the integrity of the marketplace is paramount for us, and we want to make sure that when it transitions, it transitions in a way that we saw the futures do so. Bryan, you want to add?
Bryan T. Durkin: And just from an asset-class basis, we're really pleased with our aggressive penetration of the development of the options market across all of our asset classes. We've seen anywhere from a growth rate of 20% to 36%, and that's across all asset classes. We're seeing that nice pickup occurring, both domestically and across all of our regional offices. So the expansion of distribution, the access to product, the development of product, particularly in the area of weekly options, is all adding to this growth trajectory.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: And I mean, you're certainly doing everything you can here by closing the pit -- pits, as well as the price increase seemed sort of targeted at the pit -- what do you call it -- trading as well. So anyway, that's all I had.
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes, Rich, just one point of clarification. The price increases that we put in place did not target the pit. It was basically we targeted certain asset classes.
Operator: Dan Fannon from Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I guess, just a follow-up on that, on the price increases. Can you talk about the philosophy behind the products that you chose? And if we go back to the last round of price increases, is there anything left that you haven't adjusted in the last couple of years with regards to the transaction on the futures side?
John W. Pietrowicz: Dan, this is John Pietrowicz. The largest increase this year is in interest rates, with the increase above the aggregate 1.5% level, with the main impact in treasuries. We did make a move with Eurodollars, but they're already priced higher than many products, based on a price per unit of risk. FX was the second-highest percentage, with ags the least impacted. And last year, when we did a 2% to 3% price increase, ags were the most impacted. So over the last couple of years, we've hit all of the asset classes, and we're always constantly looking at our pricing schedule.
Operator: Alex Kramm from UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, real quick on the market data. I mean, I am -- I appreciate that you want to update us in a couple of months here, but can you at least give us some of the tools so we can run some scenarios? I mean, like how many waive terminals do you have right now? So if we assume 50% are gone, we can do our own math here.
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure, Alex. This is John. We think the ending of the market fee waiver program is an exciting opportunity for us, but to size the opportunity is difficult to predict. We have several hundred thousand waive terminals, and it's difficult to calculate how the customers will rationalize it when they have to pay for a service that was previously free. And also, as I mentioned on the prepared remarks that we plan to charge the full fees in January of 2016. So that's -- so after we go through our first billing cycle, we'll be able to provide more clarity in -- on the Q1 earnings call in April.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That several hundred thousand was all that I was looking for. If you can get a little more specific, that'd be great too, but I can leave it at that.
Bryan T. Durkin: Just to keep in mind, early after the announcement, we started getting an uptake in new registrants as a result of that waiver. We're continuing to see an inflow of new subscribers that, in the past, had fallen under the waiver. It's a very good trajectory for us. We're seeing an increase of about $40 million in our revenue, and a good 1/4 of that is coming from new subscribers as a result of the elimination of this waiver.
Operator: Chris Harris from Wells Fargo.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So quick question on the oil complex. You guys highlighted market share gains you had in WTI relative to Brent. I guess I'm wondering if you could give us a little color on what's happening in the market, what's going on there. And then in the past, there had seemed to be some evidence that users were switching from using WTI to Brent. I'm just wondering if you're seeing any of those customers coming back now to WTI.
Phupinder S. Gill: I certainly think that you are, and I think a lot of the answers to your question can be seen on our Slide 14 that we put out there, where you see the growth in TI average daily volume. As importantly, the open interest is up more than 1 million contracts from the end of the year. So to your point about who's adding the positions, if we look at the fundamentals of the contract itself, the gap between TI and Brent has been closed. If you look at the gradual easing of the band of exports, if you think directionally, I think TI has essentially solved a lot of the structural issues that they have. And while the supply issue is still going to dog Brent for a while, we are very excited with respect to what we see, not just on the TI side, but both with respect to TI as well as Brent. I'll ask Bryan to add some specifics here to round up your answer.
Bryan T. Durkin: Yes, I would just add to that by saying the build-up in activity in Brent, at which we've now attracted close to 15% of the market, has definitely complemented our overall energy complex. WTI has been a beneficiary of increased open interest as a result of that build-up across Brent/WTI as well as our refined products. You'll see quite an uptake and growth in our crack spreads, in particular. And it's the components of all of those that has added to this strong build-up in open interest across all of those products.
Operator: Michael Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just -- I guess, a question, both on the rates and then also on FX. You guys show some of the new users that you're seeing in the market on the rate side in terms of OTC. Just curious in terms of the outlook. On the FX side, are you seeing like a similar trend? And then on rates, it seems like -- I don't know if it was like last quarter, it seemed like you got the transition in the U.S. and then the expectation was that volume would kind of level off to some extent, in terms of on clearing side. And then you would get the transition in Europe and that would pick it up again, but it seems like the growth continues. So I don't know if it's being driven by new users, the products that are coming on that are non-U.S. I just want to get some color on the outlook there, both on the OTC side, but then also on the FX.
Bryan T. Durkin: This is Bryan, and it's a combination of factors. I think, first of all, if you referred to what -- Gill's earlier on comments, 40% of the activity that we're seeing in the interest rates was actually coming from Europe, right? And so when you look at the composition of that, those are new users that are coming, specifically out of Switzerland and London, that have not only started entering trades into clearing for interest rate swaps in a significant amount, but they're also bringing us business into our Eurodollar and our U.S. treasury products. I think another thing that has added to the complement and the tremendous growth in interest rates is the uncertainty of what's happening in the marketplace in general. And by us having that full breadth of the yield curve, you're seeing a nice capability for the marketplace to be able to build up in terms of their expectations and closer to the front end of the curve. If you recall, a couple of years back, we were really building up in the back 32 months of Eurodollars, and we've done a lot to build that activity, create open interest, and volume has occurred in respect to that. But we've also now seen some movement into the front 1/8 [ph] of that contract, which is also corollary to what we've seen in growth in Fed funds, tremendous growth in Fed funds, our 2-year treasury notes and our overall front-month of euros.
Phupinder S. Gill: To -- just to add to what Bryan just said, and I said this a short while ago. In Europe, we saw a growth of upward of 60% in our interest rate business in the last quarter. And I think that can be attributed to a lot of the things that Bryan said. And also, we are seeing flow coming in, as Bryan told you, before the clearing mandate kicks in Europe. And we think among other factors, the lack of opportunity for the trading community in Europe is bringing them here.
Bryan T. Durkin: And then on the foreign currency side of things, you had asked about the pickup in volume there. We were averaging around 700,000 contracts throughout 2014. That has really up-ticked to over 1 million. We saw that at the fourth quarter, and that's carrying its way through into the first quarter of 2015. What's particularly encouraging is the pick-up in the open interest, 2.4 million contracts. So that's indicative of new users, again, coming into those products.
Operator: Brian Bedell from Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A question on -- actually, a question for John on the -- what you're seeing -- or what you're thinking about for margins on -- operating margins on the incremental volumes. You mentioned, obviously, the $1.31 billion expense base that you're going to try to keep. Obviously, if revenue's coming in or if volumes are tracking better than your forecast, expenses would go up. If you could maybe just talk a little bit about what you're seeing through -- or what you're thinking about for incremental margins across the different asset classes.
John W. Pietrowicz: Well, when you look at our incremental margins over the last couple of quarters, we've been averaging around 95%. Previous to that, we've been in the ranges of 80% to 90%. Obviously, we're striving to get as close to 100% as we can. But that said, when you take a look, we're planning on keeping our expenses flat, and you have to kind of run your scenario around the revenue on that. But we're feeling very good about how we're positioned in terms of our revenue. And then, when you keep your expenses flat, like we did this quarter, we're driving EPS growth of about 50%. That, then, obviously leads to our dividends. So the management here is really focused on driving as much revenue to the bottom line as absolutely possible.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. That's great. And any major difference between asset classes? Or pretty much across the board?
John W. Pietrowicz: No, they're -- it's pretty much across the board.
Phupinder S. Gill: That would -- dated [ph] growth we are seeing across all asset classes.
Operator: Niamh Alexander from KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Just over to the capital for a little bit. I think we asked last quarter as well, but just to get an update, there seems to be still some noise about maybe the exchanges putting a little bit more capital upfront in the waterfall system, or skin in the game, as some of the members are calling it, or dealers. Help me just think about it. Is there something we should be thinking about? Maybe more capital getting allocated here? Or you're pretty comfortable where you're at, and the debate doesn't really change anything?
Phupinder S. Gill: We are comfortable with where we're at. I'll ask Kim to address the rest of the question.
Kimberly S. Taylor: Yes, thanks. Niamh, the debate around skin in the game is certainly an interesting debate. We believe -- we're big believers in the importance of people who bring risk into the system putting up the skin in the game to cover that risk. So we're really a little bit troubled by the way the debate is being handled in the industry now. It seems to be defining skin in the game so very, very narrowly as just funds that the clearing house puts at the front of the waterfall. And if you think about the reason that the regulators pushed OTC clearing mandate after the crisis, it is for the very reason that clearing houses exist, to ensure that all participants who bring risk into the system appropriately pay for the risk that they bring. So the skin in the game that market users and the clearing members bring to cover the exposure that they bear is the most important element of the system and an issue that we're very, very focused on, managing the concentration risk. We encourage you all to actually look at our paper that we put out about this to help to kind of broaden out the debate.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I guess, just to -- is there anything from the regulator perspective? There's no ongoing discussion or open comment period or anything like this that we should be watching or anything like that. Is that fair?
Kimberly S. Taylor: No, there's nothing -- there's no active regulatory action about this at all.
Operator: Ken Worthington from JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So following up on the announcement of the closing of the pits, you mentioned that there was $10 million in annual savings. So if I read correctly, I think there's 1,200 traders in the pit. I assume there's a lot of support. $10 million doesn't seem like there's a lot, maybe that's an initial number. Does that $10 million in expense reduction kind of grow over time as maybe more support and infrastructure rolls off? And then, without the trading pits, do you need to be in your current building? I think you lease some of the trading floor space. You own some trading floor space. I was just looking at some rents there, but it would seem like the cost savings from the reduction in real estate would well exceed $10 million of savings. So what happens to the real estate side, and maybe the ties to the heart of Chicago without the trading floors?
John W. Pietrowicz: Ken, this is John Pietrowicz. When we take a look at the cost to run the trading floors, it's approximately $50 million annually. We ended up reducing the number of pits for the futures side and 2 options pits, which accounted for approximately 5% of the volume, and we're taking out close to 20% of the costs. To give you an idea, the options business is a pretty good business for us. Not pretty good, it's a very good business for us. We generate about $120 million to $150 million per year in revenue, so it's a very good margin business. In terms of infrastructure, we own the trading floor building in Chicago and, obviously, we'd look at ways to monetize it as we've done monetizing other buildings that we've owned, should we ever reach that point.
Phupinder S. Gill: And Ken, just to address the heart of Chicago issue, what is at the heart of Chicago is innovation, not the places where innovation is actually put out. So what CME has been doing, have been very focused on meeting our client needs, very focused on organic growth. Some of the contracts that we launched, some of the things that we've talked about in the past like swaptions are going to be new in the cleared world. Repo clearing, as you probably read, is an endeavor that CME Group, among others, are pursuing. So our philosophy has always been -- and we've talked about this in the past, is on need, meeting our client needs. And we believe that if we met those needs, it will drive our earnings higher. That's the heart of Chicago, though.
Operator: Christian Bolu from Crdit Suisse.
Christian Bolu: Just a quick question on the balance sheet. That continues to grow pretty significantly. Performance bonds are now over $40 billion. Can you remind us exactly what kind of economics -- or how you are to charge economics for those assets? And how much more you can get in a higher rate environment?
John W. Pietrowicz: With regard to the growth in the performance bonds, last year at 12/31, we had about $21 billion in performance bonds that grew to $40.6 billion of performance bonds. That's split between $22 billion in cash and $16.7 billion in treasuries, and then we have some other funds in there. In terms of how we charge for that, we are working on ways to -- we're working on it and we're analyzing the situation. So right now, there's not much to talk about with regard to how we're charging for the performance bonds. I would say that the significant increase is primarily related to our OTC business.
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes. And a lot -- as more and more cash comes into the clearing house, we have been having active conversations with our clients with respect to how to go about investing in those funds, and we will have something to talk about, hopefully, in a short while.
Operator: Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So question on some of the anecdotes. We're starting to hear more and more around growth in the ETF arena and how some of the investors are trying to use more and more of those as opposed to the futures, given some of the costs that the banks are passing onto them. Just curious to hear, do you guys consider that as a reasonable -- as a meaningful threat or not? The equities futures business, obviously, the one that comes to mind where that's most relevant. But just kind of curious to hear, broader, whether or not that is a potential threat for your business model, and what you're trying to do to address that, I guess.
Phupinder S. Gill: Alex, thank you, I've -- we have seen some of the so-called white papers that have come out from some of the buy-side firms as well as the sell-side firms. What's interesting to note among the papers is they make a note that is not a -- they're not taking a fact-based approach. And the entire approach as to the cheapness of ETFs seems to be driven by the cost of carry, which is embedded in futures. And so on an apples-to-apples basis -- I believe it's a Goldman analyst who points out that S&P E-minis are still a far more efficient product than the ETF. So now I bring everybody back some years ago, when both JPMorgan as well as Goldman Sachs issued some papers to their clients talking about why, on a fact basis, ETFs are more expensive than futures. Those facts have not changed. And so we are in the process of educating our clients or, in some cases, reeducating our clients with respect to all of the facts. And case in point, we have been -- we are up 20% this year, itself, on the S&P, and we had a very high growth rate last year. And if you look at the liquidity in the contracts themselves, it's 6x more liquid in the S&P than it is in the ETF and the corresponding ETFs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, makes sense. Thanks for that clarification. And then, the second question I have for you guys is just around energy business. I think in the slides, you mentioned that you're reducing the rebates on Brent by about 20%. At what point of time do you think you'd feel comfortable around the volumes that you have been able to track to, sort of turn that into a profit area for you guys? I know you look at it as more as a kind of bundled approach with WTI, but do you ever envision yourself going into a more profitable zone with Brent?
Phupinder S. Gill: Absolutely. This is one of those things and it's -- Brent is not unusual in this sense. We do this with the -- with any launch of a new contract that we have. And what you see us do is we encourage the volume to come on in. The value proposition that we have because of the DME is a unique one. And so what we have seen then is some active trading. And if these were truly just simply guys making market and being flat at the end of the day, you would not see the 760,000 open interests that we have grown. And the most important point here is something that we have stressed to our clients. And the open interest back [ph] -- that's backed out. That they are now -- we are committed to this approach, and it is an energy-complex approach. I mean, not selective. We just want to meet all of our client needs.
Operator: Brian Bedell of Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great, just a follow up. On the closing of the floors, do you expect any revenue impact, either positive or negative for that? And then, the $10 million, just to be clear, is that -- that's an annual number? And is that in the cost guidance for 2015?
John W. Pietrowicz: Sure. This is John. I'll take the second part of that question. The $10 million is an annual number, and it is included in our $1.31 billion guidance.
Phupinder S. Gill: I didn't catch the first question, the first part of the question.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The first part was what -- do you expect any revenue impact from closing the floors, either positive or negative from a, say, volume shift over to electronic?
John W. Pietrowicz: Oh, sorry.
Phupinder S. Gill: We -- the volume that's in the pit is very small in 1% -- is 1% and, in many cases, less than that. And so we -- another fact is many -- most, if not all, of the traders that are trading on the floor also have access and use the electronic platform. So you would expect some of them to continue to trade on the platform alone and you -- some of them might decide not to trade anymore. But I stress again, it's so small. It's less than 1%.
John W. Pietrowicz: Yes, and also, we'll be having terminals on the floor for them to access as well, so we don't anticipate there being any revenue leakage.
Phupinder S. Gill: Keep in mind, the floors are not closing. It's just some of the pits that are closing. So all members will continue to have access to our floor.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great, okay. And maybe just one last one. Just on the market-maker incentives on the Brent, the 20% reduction. Do you expect that to improve the energy RPC in the first quarter versus 4Q?
Bryan T. Durkin: Slightly. This is Bryan. But I think you just need to keep in mind that, over time, we have reduced the level of those incentives. We're seeing the nice pickup in activity in -- particularly from the aspect of commercial users coming into the product. That has added to our strong buildup of the 600 -- 760,000 plus in open interest.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to our presenters.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you, all, for being with us this afternoon, and we look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. Thank you, guys.
John W. Pietrowicz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect from the audio portion.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John C. Peschier - Managing Director of Investor Relations Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee James E. Parisi - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director of Finance & Corporate Development Terrence A. Duffy - Executive Chairman, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee Kimberly S. Taylor - President of Global Operations, Technology & Risk Bryan T. Durkin - Chief Commercial Officer
Analysts: Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kenneth Hill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Cory J. Garcia - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Neil Stratton - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robert Rutschow - CLSA Limited, Research Division Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the CME Group Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call to Mr. John Peschier. You may begin, sir.
John C. Peschier: Thank you, and thank you, all, for joining us today. Jamie and Gill will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the third quarter, and then we'll open up the call for your questions. Terry, Brian and Kim and John Pietrowicz are also here today. Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC and they're also available on the Investor Relations portion of our site. Now I would like to turn the call over to Gill.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you, John. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I will start by talking about the highlights of the third quarter, then I'll provide an overview of the recent leadership reorganization and staff changes. And lastly, I will provide an observation on what we are seeing so far in the fourth quarter before turning the call over to Jamie. Our core business performed well during the third quarter, with average daily volume of 13.5 million contracts, up 12% compared with third quarter last year. In September, with a slight pickup in volatility across capital asset classes, our average daily volume grew 17%, and 5 of our 6 product areas grew on a year-over-year basis. During most of the year, our growth has been driven primarily by our interest rate business, so it is nice to see a broadening of the growth across the board. Our options business was outstanding during the month of September with a record 3.1 million contracts traded per day, up 29% from last year. This is bolstered by a record level of options open interest in September of 52 million, up 14% from 2013. Also, during the quarter, we achieved volume records in our weekly FX options, weekly E-mini S&P options, soybean options and 5-year treasury options. Electronic options in September were up 46% versus the prior year. Specifically, electronic WTI options hit a record 71%. We are driving this outsized options growth by innovating new products, focusing on our options technology and executing on our distribution initiatives to expand our global customer base. Our September volume record was short-lived, and this growth trend has continued into October with average daily volume of 3.6 million contracts per day to date, up 68%. Two other important points about Q3, which illustrates some progress in our 2 primary growth initiatives. First, our volume from clients based outside the U.S. was impressive and has been consistently performing well the last 4 months. Q3 electronic ADV from European clients was 2.1 million contracts, up 22% on a year-over-year basis, outperforming North America, which rose 13%. In Europe, we saw growth of 28% year-over-year in our interest rates business and 33% growth in equities during the quarter. For comparison purposes, our 2 largest European-based competitors each saw a drop in their total volumes relative to Q3 last year. One driver of the outperformance is a more dynamic environment in terms of our product set, which has drawn more hedging and speculation from European-based firms. Also, we have invested in a greater presence in London with customer-facing employees. They have a lot to talk to clients about and are making some real progress for CME Group. Along the same lines, in Asia, our volumes rose 12% compared to the same quarter a year ago. Our interest rates were up 23% and equities rose 36% in Q3 from Asia, offsetting a challenging global FX and metals trading volumes. Volume in Q3 approached 500,000 contracts per day, and that amount of volume is equivalent to what leading Asian exchanges trade on a daily basis. Second, our OTC efforts continue to progress during the third quarter. We maintained our leadership position in open interest on the rate side at 20 trillion notional outstanding. We hit a record of almost 180 billion ADV cleared in September and our trade count of almost 2,500 during September was more than 50% higher than any month to date. This translated into stronger revenue in Q3. Within our rates franchise, we recently relaunched bundled futures as well as options on bundled futures, and we are encouraged by our progress. We plan to launch clearing for swaptions during the first quarter of 2015 pending regulatory approval. Finally, CME Group is committed to expanding our CDS offering in order to be the #1 multi-asset class clearing house for buy side clients. We have invested in the development of a new risk framework, which provides a more holistic model of CDS portfolio risk. This new risk framework, coupled with our plan to launch iTraxx indices, will give us the opportunity to increase our market share in CDS clearing during 2015. Now I would like to spend a few minutes describing our efforts on the expense side, an area where our team was particularly active during the last few months. First, we announced a new executive team and leadership structure in mid-September. I'll walk you through the main changes. Fundamentally and essentially, we reorganized the company around our clients' needs and focused on the best way to meet those needs. The new organization structure also brings the individual business portfolio closer to the office of the CEO and enhances customer responsiveness. First, we created a Chief Commercial Officer role, filled by Bryan Durkin. He is responsible for driving short-term and long-term revenue by harnessing our product sales team, research group, product marketing, business development and our global offices. From a product perspective, Sean Tully, heads up our financial products and OTC areas, along with Derek Sammann, who's in charge of commodities and options overall. These 3 guys and their teams will be intensely focused on providing world-class customer service, expanding on an industry-leading innovation and enabling clients to navigate in a changed environment. To summarize these changes, this is all about driving increased multi-year revenue growth across each of our 6 ecosystems. Our second goal in the reorganization was to drive more efficiency throughout the company. That is to improve execution, agility and speed to market in terms of our significant operational backbone. With this goal in mind, we combined technology, clearing and global operations under Kim Taylor, and we believe with this structure, we will be able to streamline how we operate and reap the benefits of greater efficiency. In addition, Bob Zagotta will head up strategy and execution and will be responsible for the development and execution of the company's corporate strategy. And finally, John Pietrowicz, when he takes over for Jamie, will work side-by-side with this team and all the others to ensure that we are appropriately focused on delivering shareholder value as we execute our plans. And of course, both Kathleen Cronin and Hilda Harris Piell will continue in their current roles as General Council and Head of Human Resources. We expect to improve our agility, prioritization and efficiency, and the end results will be decreased cost and improved profitability as well as earnings growth. Following the reorganization announcement, our teams went through a thorough process of streamlining the organizations, so we could be better positioned for growth. We reduced our workforce by approximately 150 people, primarily in technology, along with the elimination of mainly administrative functions. Going forward, our leadership team is very focused on an ongoing review of how we can be even more efficient throughout our business. Lastly, let me make a few comments with regard to October. Within the month, we have had 2 of our top 3 trading days in our history. It is an exceptional month even if we remove the 2 highest volume days, we have averaged more than 16 million contracts per day so far. A couple of observations. During October, we have seen strong activity across the board with our fixed product lines up and the financial products each up more than 50% compared to October last year. It's a reminder that markets tend to be interconnected in terms of volumes and volatility, particularly through interest rates. That appeared to be evident on Wednesday, October 15. On that day, I was very pleased with our ability to handle such a large increase in activity from a technology and clearing prospective. Our teams worked hard to prepare for heightened activity, and this is an excellent time to assess our readiness for volumes, which were about 3x the norm.  If you have listened to our media campaigns over the years, you know we referred to CME Group as the place where the world comes to manage risk. You might be curious about where our volume came from on October 15, and Slide 16 on our presentation illustrates that. A higher percentage of our business came from outside North America than we see in a normal day. We traded 26 million contracts electronically from North America. We had near 9 million contracts traded from outside of the U.S., which is pretty large compared to what our largest peers trade on a normal day. We traded 7.4 million contracts from Europe, which is 3.5x the size of normal activity and $1.1 million from Asia, more than twice as much as a normal CME day in Asia. There's a lot of discussion within the industry about innovation, much of which we have driven throughout the history of CME Group. In recent years, we have referenced a number of new interest rates products we have launched since 2010. These contracts amounted for almost 700,000 contracts of ADV on October 15. Our innovation is unparalleled, and we are in a better position to innovate now more than ever before with the intersection of OTC and exchange traded markets. And one final point. We traded more than 25 million interest rate contracts on October 15, the highest day ever by far and 3.5x our 7.2 million average daily volume in the third quarter. Additionally, the interest rate swap market that they -- as measured by the aggregate dealer to customer cleared swaps business at CME Group and LCH, were below the recent run rate. This could suggest participants saw the value in turning to our liquid markets with the heightened volatility. This was referenced in the few news articles, which basically referred to CME Group as the most cost-efficient way to trade you to liquidity and capital efficiency. We wholeheartedly agree. Our open interest remains elevated, and as of yesterday, it's 104 million contracts, up from where we were on October 14. This suggests that there is heightened engagement as participants prepare for the future. In summary, we have worked hard to position ourselves to create significant value for shareholders when this challenging cycle turns. While the concept of a Goldilocks environment can be debated, whether markets will vary from being too hot or too cold or just right, we intend to provide the more responsive customer service possible with as efficient a delivery structure as we possibly can. No matter what happens, we continue to work to be the place where the world comes to manage risk. And finally, let me turn the call over to the man who has served us with distinction over the past 26 years, my business partner, Jamie Parisi, who is participating in his last earnings call here before turning the reigns over to the man that trained him. Let me turn the call over to Jamie.
James E. Parisi: Thanks, partner, and good morning, everyone. I'm very pleased with our performance this quarter. It's nice to see some signs of strength as I prepare to pass the torch to John. One of the things I've talked a lot about over the last 10 years is the significant operating leverage in our business model and how that leverage cuts both ways, depending on the tailwinds and the headwinds we're facing. Looking at the adjusted results, our revenue increased by $48 million or 7% compared to Q3 last year, while our expenses were down 1% to $318 million. The intensified expense focus I mentioned last quarter, coupled with a favorable trading environment, resulted in an incremental margin above 100%, and I expect it to be above 100% next quarter. In a normal period, we are dropping roughly $0.80 to $0.90 of each new revenue dollar to the operating income line. Now I'll turn to some revenue details. The rate per contract for the third quarter was $0.725, down from $0.749 last quarter. The main driver of the change was the 7% growth in total volume from Q2 to Q3, driven mostly by lower price financial products. I was very pleased to see the September rolling 3-month interest rate RPC remained unchanged, compared with August, despite volume being up 8% from the prior month. The FX average rate dipped down 5% from August to September, but you should take note of the 19% increase in the rolling 3-month FX volume over the same period. We saw the same thing in equities, with the rolling 3-month volumes up 8% from August to September, while the associated rate drop only 1%. I was also pleased to see the volume and revenue growth from outside the U.S. with the highest proportion ever of non-U.S. electronic volume and revenue in Q3. For the first time, the percentage of electronic trading revenue from outside the U.S. was above 30%. OTC swaps revenue totaled $50 million, up 17% versus last quarter. In Q3, we captured about $132 per IRS OTC trade, and we cleared approximately 1,750 trades per day in the quarter, up significantly from prior quarters. Our adjusted expenses were down $10 million sequentially and about $4 million compared to Q3 last year. The main driver was reduced professional fees and other expense. We brought some development projects to completion, saw a waning at contingent consideration expense from prior acquisitions and reduced discretionary expenses like travel as promised last quarter. Our compensation was relatively flat sequentially despite higher stock-based compensation resulting from our annual grant in September. We should see improvement in the compensation expense line in Q4 and beyond as a result of our recent restructuring. Two points on the nonoperating income line. Our dividend income was approximately $5 million, down from about $9.6 million in the prior quarter when we received and recorded both the Q1 and Q2 dividends from our partner in Brazil. We also recorded a dividend from our investment in the Mexican exchange in Q2 with no dividend from them in Q3. We had a slight uptick in interest expense from the prior quarter due to clearing line of credit cost. Turning to taxes. The effective tax rate for the year has dropped to 37.3% on a pro forma basis from the prior 37.5%. The effective pro forma tax rate for this quarter was approximately 37%, including a catch-up adjustment for Q1 and Q2, and I expect Q4 to be approximately 37.3%. And now the balance sheet. We had approximately $1.16 billion in cash and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. In Q3, we had a significant cash outflows associated with an estimated tax payment, our regular quarterly dividend and the semiannual interest payment due on our debt securities maturing in 2023 and 2043. Lastly, during the third quarter, capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances totaled $29 million, bringing us to $95 million through 3 quarters. I want to provide a couple of points on guidance for Q4. I expect expenses to be approximately $332 million, driven by higher marketing-related expense, which we talked about before and sequentially higher license fee and bonus expenses based on a significant increase in revenue so far to start the fourth quarter, offset a bit by lower base compensation. Based on that guidance, 2014 expenses should come in at about $1.3 billion at the low end of the range I previously provided. Also, my expectation for CapEx this year dropped to $155 million, down from our prior estimate of $175 million, primarily based on timing and reconfiguring our New York space stretching into 2015. Lastly, on expenses. 2 weeks ago we reduced our workers by 15%, which Gill mentioned.
Phupinder S. Gill: 5%.
James E. Parisi: 5% by which Gill mentioned. As a point of reference, we ended the third quarter with headcount at 2,825. We have been working on plans for several months, and we basically took a blank sheet approach to determine the best way to drive revenue higher while reducing expense. I personally appreciate the efforts of my colleagues to make the tough decision to better position our company for the long-term and wish our colleagues who left the best of luck in the next phase of their careers. One last piece of guidance I want to provide is related to 2015 expenses. With pro forma expenses for 2014 expected to be $1.3 billion based on the compensation changes and other expense initiatives, our current estimate is that 2015 pro forma expenses will likely come in basically flat compared to 2014 at approximately $1.3 billion. And there is some variability around that based on license fees and employee bonus. That excludes the impact of adding expense related to our pending transaction with GFI Group or other potential tuck-in acquisitions. We will continue to refine this estimate as we finalize our 2015 budget, and John will provide you an update on the next earnings call. Since I mentioned our pending transaction, let me briefly comment that we are carefully assessing the current situation and filed our S-4 on October 16. Beyond that, we will not address any questions about the transaction as we covered thoroughly last quarter. As I step away, I'm highly confident in my successor, John Pietrowicz. I expect all of you to really enjoy working with him as I have over the last 11 years. I wish you, all, well, and I have to say I've enjoyed getting to know and to work with many of you who are listening today. I believe my interactions with you over the years definitely made me a better CFO. Even though I'm moving on to the next phase of my life by year end, I will continue on here as a shareholder, and I am highly confident in our teams and still believe this is truly a one-of-a-kind franchise to own. And I'm excited about the future of CME Group. Thank you, all. With that, I'd like to open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Niamh Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Just help me think about the expenses as well as for the guidance for next year, and thanks so much for giving it ahead of time, a great finish for Jamie too. But if -- there are some variables on that, I guess, licensing is one of them, but is there -- what can you share in terms of the volume assumptions implicit in that? Or what should we think about if volumes comes out to be much higher than we all think or you all think? Is it the bonus incentive? What else might vary with that expense guidance?
James E. Parisi: Niamh, this is Jamie. We don't give out volume guidance, but you're right, there's a couple of items that do vary with volume, particularly our license and fee sharing line. So there, I would look to whatever your assumptions are next year for growth around equity and our energy products in particular and our OTC businesses as we do have some fee sharing there as well fall into that line. And likewise, on the bonus, we typically have a target that's probably in the $60 million to $70 million range overall with a max that goes out to -- it maxes out at about $100 million-or-so, so it's capped. So there's some variability there, but not huge variability. So more to come there, but John will keep you guys apprised of any updated guidance on the next call.
Operator: The next question comes from Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I guess, since I'm limited to one. On the annual variable dividend, is it going to be simply formulaic where it's the excess cash by year end, and you subtract the $700 million because we're coming up with something a little bit over $2? Is there any other uses of cash or things that we should think about as we're sort of trying to project that number?
James E. Parisi: Yes. Rich, this is Jamie again. So the way we look at it each year is to assess the cash that's sitting on our balance sheet relative to that minimum that we want to hold of $700 million. If we look back over the last couple of years, we didn't go all the way down to $700 million, we went to $900 million. I would say in the first few years of doing this, we wanted to be very careful and not take it all the way down to $700 million. Over the coming years, as we get more comfortable with it, there is potential to tighten that up a little bit. But yes, I think you have the general idea right. And with respect to any other cash outflows, nothing at this point that we've talked about. And even with as far as GFI goes, we don't see that impacting the dividend either.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: So if we had to put a range, it would be the cash, then minus $700 million to $900 million to remain and then rest would be -- is that a fair sort of range?
James E. Parisi: Yes.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: And then we do expect you to report on your handicap every quarter as it comes down as well.
James E. Parisi: It can take a while to get that one down, but yes.
Operator: And the next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First off, also, to Jamie, thanks for everything over the years and all the best going forward.
James E. Parisi: Thank you.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I came on a little bit late so I don't know if Terry is on, but otherwise, it will be for Gill. But over the last few months, we've seen a lot more noise out there in terms of white papers and asset manager comments around clearing houses and the risk that's getting put in there and the capital requirements that clearing houses should have, stress tests, the living wills, a lot more noise recently. So maybe just an update of what we're hearing in DC and from other regulators around the world when it comes to maybe having to put up or have more cost around the clearing house or maybe more capital, because obviously, that could drive some impact on the annual dividend over time as well.
Terrence A. Duffy: I am in the room. I'll let Kim probably comment, but I will say that I have not heard anything coming from the regulator as it pertains to us coming up with more capital to put in to it. I think today, we put in roughly $370 million between U.S. and Europe of CME's capital towards a guaranteed fund. Pardon me?
Phupinder S. Gill: A little bit more than that.
Terrence A. Duffy: Yes. I talked to [indiscernible] he said it was $370 so that's what I've heard. Regardless, I have not heard anything there that should be coming from a legislative standpoint or regulative standpoint. Kim may want to talk a little bit more on the living will stuff, as it pertains to that. But I have not heard whether they're looking in for us to put additional capital outside of a couple articles, one being written by PIMCO, one being written by JPMorgan.
Phupinder S. Gill: Alex, this is Gill. Let me just add to what the Chairman has to say, and then I'll ask him to also add a few more points here. I think if you're looking at some of these comments that the banks and some of the buy-side guys have put out over the last few months, there's a central theme that the concern is that the CCP's would be, in general, the next too large to fail. And I think there's some important distinctions and we are going to put up a short paper on our own to point out what these distinctions are. A few things to remember, unlike other counterparties that have been tagged with this too large to fail, we run a matchbook, in other words, all the buy equals to all sales we run flat every day, we mark that match book to the market at least twice a day. None of the parties that have been described as too large to fail or too important to fail have similar characteristics. So there's a little bit of concern about what have happens when so-called risk is concentrated. I think you should take -- make the distinction between the concentration of positions versus the concentration of risks. And those are 2 important distinctions. So I think some of the noise that's been out there is a little bit misguided. And some of the work that came in our folks are doing have the record straight there. Kim, if you want to add a bit.
Kimberly S. Taylor: I think Gill outlined it very well, that clearing houses are very disciplined at managing risk and run a flat book. And there are no exceptions made for margin policies or payment of daily mark-to-market based on the credit worthiness or the customer relationship status of the various clients. So it is a very rigorous disciplined approach. And the way that CME looks at it, risk management is what we sell, and protection of the market is the only business that we have. So this is something that the firm has a very strong risk management culture. One of the things that I have noticed about some of the papers that are out is they kind of try to talk about concentration of risk, and they kind of say the clearing houses need to put more of their own funds at risk, for example. More skin in the game for clearing houses is one of the key topics that's being talked about. And actually, we have a lot of skin in the game. Not every clearing house does. So I mean, the point could have some resonance around some of the other clearing houses that don't belong to a well-capitalized entities and don't have the ability to put significant amount of skin in the game. So I put that to the side. But the other thing to remember is that clearing houses are only going to be affected ever by the default of a clearing member and the more significant and concentrated the exposure of the clearing member. So the bigger the bank is, that failed, the bigger the exposure that the clearing house needs to manage. All of our risk tools are sized to cover that. But one thing we are looking at is that all of our risk tools, the mutualization process is right now sized so that the market insures the entire market. And I think, one of the things that some of these papers are leading us to look at is whether or not there should be a more concentrated focus on the bigger the defaults are, the bigger the cost sharing that they put into the process. So strengthening the defaulters paid element of the process for the very biggest defaulters is an area that we are looking at.
James E. Parisi: And just to sum all that up, we really don't expect any of this to impact our dividend that we would normally pay in early 2015.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And Jamie, the best to you also. Great working with you over the years.
James E. Parisi: Thank you. And likewise.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: My question is on the organic traction of the interest rate complex, particularly in the notion of the swap users. Gill, you had -- you mentioned on October 15, you saw a much better usage of interest rate futures versus swaps. So maybe if you can talk a little bit more as we move into 2015, the growth trajectory that you envision of getting the swap users to convert to listed features. What is your force sales saying? Are they seeing evidence of some of the sales efforts they have? And then also if you can comment on that same dynamic. Outside the U.S., you mentioned obviously a very good traction, for example, on October 15, in that regard with the sales, the new customer penetration outside the U.S. as we look into 2015.
Bryan T. Durkin: It's Bryan, and I'll take that one. First of all, I think if you take a look over the last quarter or so, we've seen very nice uptake from, particularly, our asset manager community as well as our hedge fund community. One of the parameters that we look at in terms of conversion into the future's complex is our assessment of large open interest holders. And during the past few months, if you take a look at that, we've increased the number of large open interest holders from 415 to 1,702. We also measure our overall penetration of cash market itself and our treasury cash market penetration has reached the size 74% year-to-date. And that's an all-time high for us. We also monitor closely the activity for our block transactions. And so reviewing blocks and EFR transactions, we've seen significant growth in both of those areas. Our Eurodollar futures open interest has hit a record high of 13.5 million contracts. And we're seeing similar uptakes in our treasury open interest. Looking at it from the international basis, again, we're seeing considerable positive trends similar to what I've just outlined.
Brian Bedell - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And so your view into coming into 2015 on that, a lot more to go? Or do you feel you have made great strides so far and that pace of pickup will slow down?
Bryan T. Durkin: Well, I can't give any projections in that regard. There continues to be positive, I'd say, fundamentals in terms of the convergence of interest rate uncertainty, the convergence of OTC, the futures, we're continuing to aggressively sell to the various client segments, the opportunities that we present and the context of the full portfolio, a clearing, OTC interest rate swaps, portfolio margining, the liquidity of our interest rate complex and the capital benefits that are associated with that. In addition, we keep introducing innovative products, and our emphasis is on building our global growth. So we see opportunities all the way around.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kenneth Hill with Barclays.
Kenneth Hill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to start on market data. It looked like you guys saw a couple of million dollar decline sequentially there. I'm just wondering if you could give us an update on how demand is and how subscriber counts are, particularly on the back of some of the fee hikes you did earlier this year and the elimination of the fee waiver? And how we should think about that into next year as you start to put some of that -- those guys you were receiving fee waivers, start to chart the 50% rate there?
James E. Parisi: Great question. So basically, what we saw in the quarter was a small decline in terminal usage. We are going to see variation from quarter-to-quarter as desks -- trading desks open and shut and try to become more efficient, that sort of thing. But when I look at the decline in terminal so far this year, it's really -- the decline is really starting to taper off. We're down 2% to 3% in terminals this year. If I look back over the last several years, we're down on average about 7% each of those years. And as you know, we put some policies in place this year that I think are having a positive impact in helping to mitigate that loss and eventually, hopefully will turn the corner. We implemented the fee increase earlier this year, which is a 15% fee increase, which is also helping us out in positive relative to the small decrease in terminals. The other thing that we did is that we are starting to eliminate waivers of fees on trading terminals. And we stopped new waivers starting in March. So we think that's helping to mitigate that decline in terminals. And then next year, we'll begin to charge for those who have been grandfathered in on the waivers, we're going to charging half of our normal rack rate per month per terminal. We don't know what the impacts of that are going to be exactly, because the number of wave terminals may not be indicative of the end demand when people have to start paying. So we'll have to see how that plays out. But I do think these are all positive going forward for this particular income line.
Bryan T. Durkin: I just like to add to that with the waived terminals. Once that policy took effect in March. We've had several dozen firms actually register with us and that indicates either several users in the past that have not been paying market data.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a quick question on FX. If you look at kind of the first half of the year, your FX is pretty muted in terms of volumes and then you obviously is going to pick up for a lot of reasons. But the things that were weighing on FX in the first half of the year, whether its investigations and stuff like that versus the pickup that we've seen, do you see more like sustainability, meaning when you look at the users that were in the market and you look at where the open interest stands, do you feel like we're going to be getting into an environment, like some of the stats that you've given on interest rates, meaning the user base increases, because it obviously fluctuated quite a bit?
Phupinder S. Gill: Again, this is Gill. I'll start first, Mike, and then I'll pass it on to Bryan. But with the activity in the FX that you saw until October or until the third quarter when we saw a significant pickup in FX, both futures as well as options has been largely tied to the increased volatility, the elections in Brazil, and then there has been some activity in the Mexican peso too. And so a lot of these things had to do with that. The options pickup in particular has been encouraging for us, particularly as you saw volatilities start to pick up. And all of it has been done on the Globex platform.
Bryan T. Durkin: Which is -- we're seeing a nice trajectory if you look at Q1, Q2, and then more recently, the trend that's been occurring these last few months has been in a positive direction. One of the barometers, as Gill alluded to, is the levels of open interest, particularly in our options contract. And we've hit records in that OI. And we think that, that's indicative of a positive trend in terms of a regrouping of interest in new participants coming into the market and participants that have pulled away from the markets coming back in.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Cory J. Garcia - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: This is Cory on for Patrick. My question is, so you guys have been picking up market share and energy versus your closest competitor in recent months across crude, natural gas and refined oil products as well. To what do you attribute these market share gains? And do you think you're at the point now where you can maybe start charging for Brent trading?
Bryan T. Durkin: This is Bryan again. We're pleased with the progress that we've been making in terms of the broad complex. Our position is both medium- and long-term trends are good within the product set that we offer. We're looking to provide a holistic complement of products, both in the crude and refined area. As you've alluded to, we picked up some nice market share across each of those asset classes. We're particularly pleased with the performance on our WTI and our Brent efforts. There's a great deal of debate that's out there regarding changes to export restrictions that could help us in the longer term. But overall, our CME energy products are up 7% in October, excluding Brent futures, and our competitor is flat. Also in Q3, we've outperformed in energy versus our competition. So we feel really good about the strength of the complement of the product base.
Terrence A. Duffy: This is Terry Duffy. Let me just add a little something here. I think what's important here is we are getting paid. We're not getting paid on the Brent, we're getting paid on the return of our share of the West Texas Intermediate has gone from 25% or 30% when we acquired NYMEX in 2008, down along 14% or 15% whereas it's at today. So if you look at that, we may be given Brent away for free or creating an arbitrage for Brent against TI, but we're building our TI business and getting paid for that. So I think there is a lot of pluses to what we're doing with the Brent complex today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jillian Miller from BMO Capital.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And Jamie, congrats on the retirement. You'll definitely be missed. So on the expenses, I just want to go back there. I know you're hoping to keep expenses flat given your efficiency program in 2015. But I'm just trying to get a gauge for whether the efficiency measures are more like a onetime thing or a signal that you might be shifting your longer-term thought process around cost? Like after the program, after 2015, then do we go back to your prior long-term expense growth guidance of about 5% annually? Or are we entering new efficiency mode where maybe in 2016, 2017, we should be thinking about 3%?
James E. Parisi: Yes, I really -- the way I look at this is when we talk about restructuring, it's not just a look at our human capital and how to best deploy that, it's also looking across the business and how best to deploy the remainder of our capital. And really we did take a white sheet approach. And I think that there's still some opportunity there, we'll continue to look for ways to improve the business, we're looking at things like data center consolidation, for example, where we're becoming more tight on some of the marketing expenditures that we'll have in the coming years. So I would -- we can't decrease expenses forever, we have to get back to a normal kind of growth rate at some point in time. That's going to be in the low to mid-single digit I think, going forward. But I do believe going forward, we still have this very strong focus on expense discipline, but more importantly, a very strong focus on the margin, the operating margin and net income margin of the exchange to ensure that we're growing that as best we can.
Phupinder S. Gill: Jillian, this is Gill. When we very seriously contemplated the reorganization a few months ago, it was with respect to changing the way that the company thinks. It was with respect to shifting the mindset of the organization into exactly the lines that Jamie just talked about, significantly increasing or pushing the operating margin philosophy down into the firm, understanding what each of the cost drivers of the firm was -- is. And then also, understanding where the innovation was going to take us to the point that, Terry just made a shot a while ago, giving away something for free doesn't mean youre giving away everything for free. It forms part of the portfolio that brings in higher income across the board for us. So that change in philosophy occurred a few months ago. That change in mindset occurred a few months ago. And that change is what we will bring forward on a going-forward basis here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Stratton with Citi.
Neil Stratton - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just wanted to ask a question on OTC clearing, and that continues to exhibit quite strong growth. Just what inning do you think we're in, and how should we think about that for 2015?
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I think when the mandate to clear became mandatory here in the U.S., it has not kicked in Europe yet, and the mandate to execute has not been fully implemented here nor even contemplated across the pond yet. So you decide what inning we are in. I don't play baseball, but I think it's still very early days. And I think a lot of conversation has gone on about the futurization of the marketplace, although we are seeing that along the lines of what Bryan talked about. Please bear one thing in mind that these markets are very complementary. On October 15, people turn to the futures, because the liquidity that was there, the liquidity that could be seen was a source going forward. And so I think the market evolves on both sides as was intended by the regulation, and you would start to see a change that occurred. And the important point for us at the very least is that we are positioned well for the change. On the one hand, we're very happy that we started in the U.S. I think we have built through the clearing and the IT mechanisms a bunch of credibility that we carry to Europe.
Terrence A. Duffy: Just to add, and I know Kim is probably more equipped to say this than I, but in 2013, we have basically nothing in OTC interest swaps clearing. And now we have 22 trillion roughly in our clearing house today, so we've been able to grow. I think what's really interesting about how you put a marker on what inning you're in, it goes back to what Kim said earlier. There's been white papers out there, there's been a bit of misinformation out there, it's both in the buy-side and the sell-side. We're going to continue to educate why we're doing things differently. People are looking at should we put skin in the game, we have skin in the game, do they know that? These are all educational things that we've been doing since we've launched our OTC initiative, and we'll continue to do so, so that will help give us a ballpark of the innings that we're in. But you got to look at where we started, it's just a very short while ago and where we've come to today.
Bryan T. Durkin: And if I could add one additional point. From a client perspective, we're really heartened to be garnering more business into our services that had chosen other facilities in the past, and that's largely attributable to Kim and her team's efforts to listen to the client and be able to deliver tools such as coupon blending, compression services, portfolio margining. All of those complements are really bearing fruit and taking traction with the client base for them to see our offering as a differentiator and providing them on significant savings using our OTC facilities and complementing that with the derivatives portfolio as well.
Kimberly S. Taylor: I think Bryan hit the nail on the head of the driver for growth for the next phase of OTC is going to be capital efficiency. It started out as a mandate compliance type of activity, at least with the U.S. participants and the people who trade with them. And now it has become a quest for most a capital efficient way to obtain this protection. And clearly, we stand out as the most capital efficient place for people to obtain their protection.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Rutschow of CLSA.
Robert Rutschow - CLSA Limited, Research Division: In terms of the expenses, it appears the guidance is for flat expense growth despite the cost cuts that you're doing in terms of headcount reduction. So the question is, do you feel like you're going far enough with the expense reduction, particularly considering that the expenses are up about $100 million in the last 2 years?
James E. Parisi: I think that we are doing a really very good job. I will say, over the past several years, we do view ourselves as having run fairly lean, we took a new approach and are trying to be ever more efficient. So I think that we have done a nice job. As Gill was saying earlier and I was saying earlier, we're going to continue to really keep a focus on that area amongst -- in addition to the top line obviously and try to drive as much margin as we can going forward. When you look at the impacts on the coming year, if I look at what the analyst estimates for our expenses were prior to our announcement of restructuring, they're probably at about $1.360 billion, and we're seeing the $1.3 billion now. So that's a pretty large decrease, I would say, in the years time. And don't forget, we do have a decent sized expense base, so there's inflationary pressure on that just as there is with anyone.
Phupinder S. Gill: Rob, this is Gill. Let me just add to what Jamie said in the context of the $100 million over the last 2-year comment that you made. Keep in mind where growth has come from for us and where we have spent the funds in growing the expenses come from outside of the U.S. We talked about what Europe did a few weeks ago, we talked about the growth rate in Asia, that's a direct result of the expenses that we put on the ground there. And we've gone from essentially a futures and options exchange to a financial services company, running 6 ecosystems. In other words, we spent a lot to build an ecosystem that is able to not just clear futures and options, but also list and clear OTC products and the innovation that comes with that. So we've built a lot of infrastructure over the last few years, and a lot of our growth has been based upon that, that we have built, that you have seen come to life in the last few weeks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gaston Ceron with Morningstar Equity Research.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I just -- I'm sorry, I just want to go back over the expense issue again. So I mean, I hear what you're saying about how we analysts were viewing kind of the 2015 expenses before the staff actions that you're taking. But I guess, if I just look at the guidance, I mean, so you're projecting, it just seems like you adjust on an adjusted level, operating expenses are going to be flat year-to-year, right? So I'm just curious, what is the offset to the lower compensation expenses that you'll have from cutting 5% of the staff? Where else are expenses ticking up that -- so that the ultimate number will be flat?
James E. Parisi: Gaston, this is Jamie. Remember, as I was saying, we -- for the expense base, there's going to be inflation on that every year, right? So, for example, we pay merit increases to our staff each year. In some of the tough years, we decided not to do that, you can't do that every year, because you have to reward the people who are really doing the hard work to get us to where we've gotten to. And that's probably about 3% to 4% on our -- on those expenses. And because we're consuming a lot of professional services, we're subject to increases there and the increases that they have to pay their people as well. And we are growing our international footprint a bit, so our occupancy expense, for example, around the globe will be a bit higher in the coming year. So those are kind of the key areas. Also, to the extent that we see strong volumes or stronger volumes than we see currently or that we saw in this year, you can see some increase in license fees and fee sharing. So there's just natural areas of expense increase that you're going to -- that we're going to get hit with from year-to-year-to-year and really we're trying not to mitigate that with what I believe is a very meaningful reduction in expenses.
Operator: Our final question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A quick question for you guys on the interest rate complex in light of some of the changes that have taken place on the buy-side over the last couple of months, with the departure both Bill Gross and the flow pressure I think that PIMCO has seen. I mean, I guess, PIMCO has been obviously very vocal around using futures as a substitute for some of the other product, and I'm just wondering whether or not do you think this could potentially have an impact on the complex. Or do you think this activity could kind of just transfer out other institutions?
Bryan T. Durkin: Looking at our interest rate complex overall, the indicators have actually been positive in terms of the overall performance of the complex, both within the Eurodollars and the interest rates alone. And I think that's been complemented by additional new products that we've introduced. And we're seeing, again, a very positive trajectory. If you look at our Ultra Bond, now Deliverable Swap Futures performing extremely well. This is where the marketplace comes to manage and hedge their risk. And affirmation of that effect was what occurred on October 15, where we've executed more than 3x our average volume in those complexes. We're seeing a very nice pickup as well on the international side of the equation. So both within Europe as well as in Asia, our interest rate complex is up 28% in Europe and by comparable levels within Asia. I think that, that goes to the intensified sales effort and focus. People come to these products because of the diverse customer base as well as the deep liquidity that we offer. So we're not reliant on any particular segment within these markets. And again, I think it's attributable largely to the investments we've made in our sales efforts to broadly develop our hedge fund complement, our asset management complement as well as the other clients' segments. No major customer, I think, is a very important point to note, no major customer brings concentration into any of these products.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, I'm going to turn the call over to Jamie Parisi.
James E. Parisi: All right. Before we sign off, I just wanted to say, thanks, again, for all the great memories, having spent a lot of time with many of you over the years. I count this as some of the highlights of my professional career. It's been really wonderful, and I hope to stay in touch with many of you. If I don't see you before the year ends, so long, and I wish you the best.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John C. Peschier - Managing Director of Investor Relations Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee James E. Parisi - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director of Finance & Corporate Development Terrence A. Duffy - Executive Chairman, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee Bryan T. Durkin - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kenneth Hill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Chinedu Christian Onwugbolu - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Robert Rutschow - CLSA Limited, Research Division Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the CME Group Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'll turn the call over to Mr. John Peschier. You may begin sir.
John C. Peschier: Good morning, and thank you, all, for joining us today. Gill and Jamie will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the quarter, and then we'll open up the call for your questions. Terry and Bryan are also on the call and will participate in the Q&A. Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC and on the Investor Relations section of our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Gill.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thanks, John. Good morning, and thank you, all, for joining us today. I'm going to highlight CME Group's second quarter and then turn it over to Jamie to review our financials. So far this year, there has been a common theme across financial markets around the world, volatility in all asset classes is at trough levels. In addition, many market participants in a number of sectors, especially in finance, energy and commodities are still working through the ramification of the changing regulatory environment. As a result, market participants have reduced trading activity, and we saw an impact with lower-than-anticipated volumes in the second quarter after a good start to the year. We had difficult comparisons to the same period of last year when market participants reacted to the Fed's comments about potential tapering of quantitative easing. While our overall volumes are down due to low volatility and tough comps, we generally outperformed other global derivatives exchanges. Our diversified product offering and focus on expanding our global customer base has helped us. Let me start by discussing the interest rate product area. The market environment has been quite difficult as most of you know. To set the stage, rate volatility during Q2 was at a 7-year low. Fixed income desks were down about 20% compared to the prior year. Cash treasury activity was poor. Corporate issuance was mute -- muted, and year-to-date, European rate derivatives markets are down approximately 15%. How are we faring in this difficult environment? Well, our rate open interest is up 30% since the start of the year and volume is up about 8% year-to-date, despite the difficult environment. We have an all-time record number of participants in our rate products as measured by the CFTC's large open interest holders report, with the latest report showing about 1,700 large holders, which is up 300 since the beginning of the year. We have nearly 500 institutions using our OTC clearing offering. CME's treasury futures activity as a percent of cash treasury volumes remain at a high level, with the rolling 3-month average reaching about 75% in June. We have seen a noticeable pickup in our Fed funds futures product, with July ADV up 40% compared to Q2 of this year. And we had over 103,000 contracts or about $515 billion in notional value traded on July 10, which is the first time Fed funds futures contract traded over 100,000 contracts in almost 2 years. Our team's hard work to highlight the benefits of utilizing exchange-traded rate futures has driven these standout results. Overall, we continue to see positive economic signs potentially leading to a more traditional monetary policy. The U.S. economic expansion has continued to create jobs and bring down the unemployment rate. As a result, the Federal Reserve is on track to end its quantitative easing program in October of this year. Once QE has ended, the Fed's next decision is when to withdraw from its emergency near-zero target for the Fed funds rate and to start to nudge short-term rates higher. Our Fed funds futures contracts are currently implying a Fed move in mid-2015. As the debate intensifies over whether an economy that's in its fifth year of economic recovery and expansion requires emergency assistance from the Fed, many market participants are utilizing the Fed funds watch tool on the homepage of our website, which provides an excellent means to gauge the probability of a future Fed rate activity. This tool has been particularly active in the last 2 or 3 days. Our main effort during the second quarter in OTC clearings was to continue to grow our global client base. Over 60 new clients started clearing with us in 2014, taking our total client universe to over 470 who have cleared since launch. This increase continues to support the strong momentum in our open interest growth, which is now $17 trillion, representing 53% of the dealer-to-client marketplace. We have also experienced an uptick in the usage of portfolio margining. We now have over 60 accounts benefiting from this sole solution, with portfolio capital savings ranging between 30% and 70%, with total risk reductions accounting for over $3.4 billion in initial margin savings. Just recently, we have seen several influential and important clients take advantage of the portfolio margining offering. We have had a strong month of activity in July, with average daily notional cleared up about 19% from the second quarter. In June, we launched Compression via Coupon Blending, which enables OTC clients to reduce the notional outstanding and line items of a cleared IRS portfolio. This patent pending innovation is the first automated and scalable compression solution available to all market participants and clients are actively testing the solution and analyzing the potential efficiencies they can gain. Turning to our global picture. Our efforts to expand outside of the U.S. continue to take root. International volume accounted for 24% of the overall electronic trading volume, which is the highest level it has ever been. During the prior 5 quarters, this has ranged between 20% and 22%. The main driver of the increase came from activity in Europe, which was essentially flat, driven by the strength in equity and interest rates, while other regions, including North America, were down about 15% on average. We look to build on this strong performance by continuing to invest, to strengthen our globalization strategy. Talking about investing outside of the U.S., we are very pleased to announce the acquisition of Trayport and FENICS from GFI Group yesterday. The transaction is expected to close by early next year, pending approvals by regulators and shareholders of GFI, as well as completion of customary closing conditions. The acquisition of these software businesses is an important part of further developing our presence in Europe, with a particular emphasis on globalizing our energy business, which has historically been more U.S.-centric. Trayport's trading software is a central way in which brokers and traders, exchanges and clearing houses interact in Europe in the energy marketplace and creates a platform for further growth in Asia. Approximately 85% of European natural gas, power and coal trading activity in bilateral exchange-traded and OTC cleared markets take place on Trayport. Its business model is 90-plus percent subscription-based with a diversified client base. This will provide us with a nice recurring revenue stream, supplementing our primary transaction business. The acquisition gives CME Group a deeper relationship with a desirable set of commercial customers in the rapidly evolving European energy market. We have had tremendous success with our coal offering working very closely with Trayport. Looking ahead, based on customer demand, we plan to launch European natural gas futures this year. That launch would be supported by both CME Group trading and the Trayport platforms. FENICS also provides leading price discovery, analytics, risk management and OTC workflow connectivity services for global FX options. It has an extensive sell-side client base, particularly in Europe and Asia that will further complement CME Group's buy-side focus FX distribution and round out CME Group's participation in the broader FX ecosystem. As users of this ecosystem prepare for the pending OTC FX options clearing mandates in various regulatory jurisdictions, the connectivity of CME Group and FENICS will provide a conduit for OTC clients to access CME's OTC clearing and exchange-traded options. Regarding the financials of this transaction, Jamie will touch on that in a short while. This acquisition continues CME Group's European infrastructure investment following the launch of FX options and futures on CME Europe in April 2014. Over the last few months, we are seeing a continued progression of activity and open interest, with average daily volume growing from just a few hundred contracts to over 2,000 contracts a day last week. In fact, last Thursday, July 24, it was a record day on CME Europe with over 3,200 contracts. We will continue to look for ways to leverage this investment by enhancing our FX product offering, as well as expanding the portfolio of asset classes that are offered in Europe. Largely -- lastly, on the global front, in partnership with Thomson Reuters, we won the mandate from the LBMA and the OTC silver market participants to provide a new London silver benchmark pricing mechanism. Starting in August 15 of this year, CME Group will provide a new electronic transaction-based solution which will transform the selling of London OTC silver spot price. Our transparent transaction-based OTC auction platform combined with Thomson Reuters' independent benchmark administration services will provide a fully IOSCO-compliant, FCA-regulated solution to the London OTC bullion marketplace. Hosting and operating the silver fix on CME Group infrastructure will solidify and broaden CME Group's brand in the global precious metals market and serve as a key stepping stone in executing on our global precious metals strategy. Looking to expand on this, we have confirmed our intention to tender for the London gold benchmark, which will similarly transform the current twice daily price setting conference call into a transaction-based electronic auction solution. In summary, we are focused on continuing to provide innovative products to our global client base and trying to drive revenue growth for the long term. At the same time, we are aware of the current market challenges and low volatility that we are seeing. As a result, we have intensified our focus on what we can control and how we can operate our business more efficiently. Our main goal is to position the company to maximize bottom line results as the market improves, while being very cognizant that we are in a challenging part of the economic cycle. With that, I will turn the call over to Jamie to discuss the financials.
James E. Parisi: Thank you, Gill, and good morning, everyone. Before I start with the details, I wanted to make some high-level comments on the quarter and recent financial performance. While we're happy to see the diversity of our product line and customer base paying off during the volatility malaise we find ourselves in, we are keenly aware that our expense base, while exhibiting very controlled growth over the past several years, continues to demand our attention. To that end, we have refocused our teams on wringing out discretionary expenses where possible for the remainder of the year, and we're also looking for further efficiencies as we start to think about 2015 and beyond. For example, we offered a voluntary retirement program in Q2 and had between 2% and 3% participation, with most folks departing in Q3 and Q4. In addition, we are reducing the number of people we plan to hire in 2014, while also curtailing travel and other discretionary expenses. Lastly, as we begin our 2015 budgeting process, we will take a hard look at further orienting our business to drive growth, as well as achieve greater efficiencies. In light of this, our guidance for the current year has been adjusted slightly. We are now forecasting pro forma expenses of $1.3 billion to $1.31 billion versus the $1.31 billion point estimate we had provided earlier. Now I'll turn to the financial details for Q2. GAAP EPS was $0.79 for the quarter and adjusted EPS was $0.77. The largest of the pro forma adjustments was due to the positive conclusion of the MF Global situation for both our clients and for us. We recovered $14.5 million in the settlement, which was a portion of the fees they owed us. The full amount had been written-off in December 2011, so this recovery favorably impacted our GAAP results. Other adjustments this quarter included employee separation payments of $6 million in the compensation line for the voluntary exit incentive plan I mentioned, and we also adjusted for the Trayport and FENICS acquisition-related professional fees during the second quarter. Lastly, we have adjusted for FX fluctuations and deferred compensation revenue and expense. All these items are outlined in the reconciliation within our financial statements and the income statement trend on our website. The rate per contract for the second quarter was $0.749, down from $0.767 last quarter. The main driver of the drop overall was an increase in the mix of lower-priced interest rate contracts. They represented 53% of total volume in Q2 versus 49% in Q1. We also saw a slightly higher proportion of trades from members this quarter. Similarly, within the interest rate RPC, we saw a higher portion of business from lower paying members during Q2. This trend also played out in our energy product line, in addition to a lower proportion of higher-priced ClearPort products. OTC swaps revenue totaled $13.3 million, up 4% versus last year. In Q2, we captured about $136 per OTC trade, up from $128 in the prior quarter, and we had approximately 1,400 trades per day. I know someone will ask, so I figured I'd get it out of the way now. The average rate per million was also up from $1.66 in the prior quarter to $1.75 this quarter. As Gill mentioned, we continue to add new clients and believe this offering has help to strengthen our core interest rate franchise. Q2 pro forma non-operating income was $8.4 million. As we mentioned in our last volume release, we recorded 2 BVMF dividends in second quarter 2014, which were paid on May 30 and June 27. These dividends, along with the dividend from our investment in the Mexican exchange approximated $9.7 million. Interest expense is down $28 million from $34 million last quarter, reflecting the paydown of $750 million of debt in February of this year. Turning to taxes. The effective rate for the quarter was 37.5% on a pro forma basis and was in line with our guidance for the year. And now the balance sheet. We had approximately $1.1 billion in cash and marketable securities at the end of the quarter. Q2 tends to have a similar cash balance as Q1, due to the fact that U.S. tax law doesn't require any tax deposits in Q1, but requires 2 deposits in the second quarter and 1 deposit each in Q3 and Q4. We also paid $157 million in dividends in Q2. Lastly, during the second quarter, capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $29 million. I wanted to make a couple of comments on the transaction structure and financial impact of the acquisition of Trayport and FENICS. In a two-step transaction, CME Group will first acquire all the outstanding shares of GFI Group for $4.55 per share in an all-stock transaction valued at approximately $580 million and will assume $240 million in outstanding debt, resulting in overall enterprise value of approximately $820 million. Concurrently, with step 1, we will sell GFI's interdealer broker business to a private consortium led by current management for $165 million in cash. CME Group expects to retire the debt in 2015. In aggregate, the net consideration is approximately $655 million for the Trayport and FENICS businesses before certain tax benefits that will be achieved. The next impact on cash -- the net impact on cash in 2015 as a result of the transaction will be negligible and the transaction will not impact the payout of our 2014 annual variable dividend. The deal is accretive on a cash basis and could add approximately $0.03 to $0.04 to our annual dividend beyond 2015. In addition, the deal is expected to be neutral to earnings. We recognize that we're on the sixth year of a tough operating environment, but we believe the seeds we have planted during this period are beginning to bear fruit, while we continue to actively manage our expense base and look for further opportunities to position our company for growth. With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess, really on the transaction. Can you help us build the connection between owning kind of a trading software analytics in the workflow and your ability to kind of win futures business in Europe and kind of build out that franchise. Just -- I see what you bought, but I'm trying to just link it to building out the futures side of the business.
Phupinder S. Gill: Sure Ken. This is Gill. The whole important connection here for the soft -- between the software that we've bought and CME Group's presence in Europe is the connectivity to the client base. This is the central mechanism in which most, if not all, clients trade energy products in Europe. So having connectivity to them in a real estate-constrained desk world is probably the most important point here. I think once you get the connectivity into the client and understanding the client needs, whether it's futures or OTC and/or any kind of clearing needs that they might have actually builds on an ecosystem that's already in place and building on it in a capital efficient way if you include the clearing mechanisms that are out there. And finally, I would say, one of the major principles of the innovative thrust that this firm has always been known for is to get ideas for that very innovation from a client base. And here, you're looking at a client base that includes all the players in the ecosystem, whether they're trading cash, futures or simply the options or any other products in the energy ecosystem. You're looking at a client base that has a fresh perspective on the types of products they might want us to look at, other types of instrument that they're looking to actually clear.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And does it make it easier for you to launch new products? Or can you actually influence the decision on what they choose to trade? Like is it like the shelf and you get to say, "Hey, we're going to give our products better position on the shelf?" Or does it allow you just to put your products on the shelf and make it easier for people to see and trade?
Phupinder S. Gill: Sure. In the first instance, the clients are going to trade what they're going to trade based on the needs that they have. If we had a fuller understanding of those needs, we will be able to do exactly as you say. Our first priority here though is to continue the business that we bought as is, figure out what some of the pain points our clients might have, relieve those pain points to the extent that they have any, and then having that connectivity will lead to some of the results that you referred to, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I guess, just have one question. I'm going to focus on the expenses, Jamie. And when you take a look, you mentioned some things that you're going to do in regards to the reduction in hiring and the travel, discretionary. But I'm just trying to see whether you could quantify a little bit more or at least going forward. Because if you look at that $1.3 billion to $1.31 billion, the estimates, even if you did $1.3 billion versus the one -- it's 76 basis points. In other words, is there -- when you're taking out expenses, is there more than just that of what you laid out in just the guidance here or maybe in next year?
James E. Parisi: I think first off, and just to reiterate that our long-run margin expansion, right, is the focus of the management here and the employees here, so we're going to continue that investment on the growth side. But as you're pointing out, expense control is also very vital. Now as you laid out the various actions we've taken so far, I did that in the script. And for the long run, I'd say, we're going to continue to challenge all of our teams to find ways to run this fairly complex organization in an efficient way as possible. So we're going to continue, Rich, to look for ways to reduce that expense base where we can. But it's -- I'd say it's just a bit early at this point to determine exactly or lay out exactly how we would do that. But it will be tied to orienting the firm for growth and, along that, we'll be able to become as efficient as we can.
Phupinder S. Gill: Rich, this is Gill. If I could just emphasize the point that Jamie made. I think if you look at the activity of CME Group over the last 5 years, in the face of an economic decline in the environment and of the regulatory changes that have essentially changed the business model for many of our clients and also changed the business approach for a company such as CME Group, we spent a lot of time investing in what those changes were going to be. We spent a lot of time investing in what we considered to be the continuing growth areas of CME Group, which are, to a large extent, outside of the U.S. And now the question for us, to Jamie's point is, how do we position the company for further growth from this point on? As Jamie said, we don't have much to share now, but the orientation that we are taking is no different than what we have over the last 5 years. I would say a lot of the investments are behind us, the positioning is now ahead of us.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Got it. What I think -- I see the dilemma you're in. I think what would be helpful is just sort of a scenario. If volume stayed somewhat-- I'm not saying at these levels. Hopefully, they get higher than this. But lower, not far from here, if they stayed down, what would the expenses look like? I think that would help in the future, but anyway...
James E. Parisi: Rich, just -- I mean, just on that point, right? As you know, we've got a pretty fixed expense base. You've got some variable levers in there that will move with volume, whether it's the bonus or the license fees, but even those movements within a relevant range of volume movement aren't going to move all that much relative to the size of the expense base. That's the dilemma we are in when you have a company that has a high degree of operating leverage. So when you're in a low volatility environment like this, where volumes are going a little sideways, yes, that's a pain point for us, but it's also a great platform to have and work off of as volume starts to return to the business, and we start to grow again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Well, I guess, I got to use Rich's layup. Well, actually, I just want to go into one regulatory item which is the high-frequency trading, which obviously was a big focus last quarter. And I think a lot has been said and done since then. And I think people have somewhat moved on already. But I guess, maybe for Terry or Gill, I assume you've had a lot of meetings. There were a lot of public meetings. I'm sure you did a lot of your education around D.C. as well. So just wondering where you stand now that all is said and done. Is it still a big concern? Is there still some things that are out there that you need to focus on more? Or do you think we can largely move on here?
Terrence A. Duffy: I think what's important -- and it's Terry Duffy -- is that what we have done on high-frequency trading and all different types of trading, we didn't start educating regulators and legislators when Michael Lewis' book came out. We've been working on the way our markets work for a number of years, keeping people completely apprised and keeping it completely transparent. And I think that's really important. And when you look at some of the things that are being talked about as far as order types. Order types in the equity world -- I know Mr. [indiscernible] has been complaining about how many there are, but he owns an exchange that has 80 some on, he eliminated 14. We're still on the same 7 we had 25 years ago. And I think that's very important because that lends to the credibility of the marketplace in and of itself. Bryan and I had been spending a lot of time in D.C. together. And separately, I testified at the Senate Ag Committee on high-frequency trading about 2 months ago and then Bryan pitched it for me last week, this week in the House Financial Services Committee. So I think what we're hearing from a legislative process is, let's look at the overall structure of the market and all the participants, not just high-frequency trading. Their biggest focus has been on the equities market, not on the futures. And I think what's important for us is we are being transparent. I have made comments about dark pools when this first came out, and I got a little criticized because it's a block trading. I didn't mention the block trading because it's less than 5% of our overall ADV at the CME Group. So I do mention block trading right now. And if you take out the ClearPort, it's only about 2% of our ADV, so it's a very small part of our options exchange trading here. So I think that from that standpoint, educating regulators, working with legislators, I think we're in a very good spot, and we'll continue to do so. Bryan?
Bryan T. Durkin: Yes, just to reiterate what Terry said a little bit. The focus seems to be a bit more on the overall infrastructure. And I think people understand that technology is here to stay and innovation is here to stay, and so the focus has been a lot more on risk management protocols that either exist or don't exist in certain venues. And in the future side of the market, Terry and myself have reiterated how we've taken a leading action with regards to the automation of risk management protocols built-in to exchange's platforms, particularly ours. And we do everything in our power to get those points out there in the context of maintaining the integrity of the marketplace. And so I think you're going to see more and more of an emphasis on that aspect of the ecosystem.
Terrence A. Duffy: And just to add to this a little bit because it has been topical. I think when we look at volume incentives for our largest traders, they're available to everybody. And they are being a little misdirected with -- is their preferential pricing for high-frequency traders? What we do, do is give volume discounts to high traders. We don't give preferential trading or preferential pricing to high-frequency traders alone. It's open to everybody that participates at certain levels.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kenneth Hill from Barclays.
Kenneth Hill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So Gill, I think earlier you spoke to some of the offerings you have on the compression margining side of the business. If you look online, you guys have a number of tools out there from like the DSF analytics tool, you've got the QuikStrike options tool. So I'm wondering what kind of customers you are finding are using these more? What kind of actual volume is it driving? And kind of how they can be tailored, I guess, going forward to align with some of your sales efforts, particularly as you grow the product base and grow geographically as well?
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes. I think one of the most important things you can do from a client's perspective is to look at things from their point of view. And this is a point that we made on this call maybe a couple of calls ago. And that focus on the client and the client needs have yielded the tools that you are seeing. The use of these tools are actually, to some extent, new. In other instances, new to the client's world. So it actually brings an efficiency that up to this point in time, they did not have in the bilateral world. The use of the tool also provides them with a sense of what the efficiencies might actually be if they went through with the various stages of contemplation that some of the clients are in with respect to the use of the markets here at CME Group. So on an overall basis, the portfolio of tools that we provide to our client base has the net effect of increasing their participation in our marketplace, not just simply for futures and options, but the resulting efficiencies that will come about if they also include swaps or other OTC products that they might have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Carrier with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just on the European side, when I think about the exchange and clearing house, now the transaction with GFI. I guess, just when you look at the opportunity or the potential opportunity, can you -- I don't know if you can like size it or from a timing standpoint, what year do you think over the next 1, 2 or 3 years, you can -- you attempt to accomplish on just with the ultimate strategy?
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes, I'll start and then I'll ask anybody to add if they want to. If you look at the European landscape and, in particular, if you look at the regulatory environment there, it's still being -- for lack of a better term -- it's still taking shape with respect to when things are required to be cleared and when or if trading of OTC products would be required to come on online. As that environment shapes itself out over the course of the next few years, the opportunities that we have are essentially an open book with respect to what we see that clients might actually need. Currently, our plans, as we articulated in our talking point, is to expand through the other asset classes that we have, as well as looking for more products to list on the FX side. So we are taking a measured approach, but it is a growth strategy for us. The Trayport asset is part of that, too. And beyond Europe, this asset has the potential to expand our reach into Asia, where the FENICS tool is particularly strong.
Terrence A. Duffy: If I could just add to that. I think one of the most important factors here is, the clients that are currently on Trayport will not be disrupted in any, which way, shape or form. This business is going to be continually run the way it's been running today, which is very successfully. And, and if the market changes from a regulatory standpoint, we will adjust with those conditions as they come up. But otherwise, this acquisition was acquired for us to get into the gas and power and other business throughout Europe under the current structure that Trayport operates today.
James E. Parisi: And I just want to underline. In some of the comments Gill had made earlier in his presentation, that we are performing well in Europe in Q2 relative to the rest of the business. While other European exchange volumes are -- have been low in Q2, we saw ours come in relatively better. And when you look at what we're generating out of Europe today, we're probably in the neighborhood of $400 million or so a year in revenues today coming out of Europe. So we're working off of a good, solid base with this investment.
Bryan T. Durkin: And I would add to that based on the diversity of products that we have, you're seeing an ice uptake, particularly in the interest rate equity arena. You're also seeing a nice uptake across asset managers, hedge funds and in particular areas, proprietary groups, based on just the diversity of product lines that we offer. So that goes to the efficacy of our sales efforts and penetration.
Operator: Our next question comes from Niamh Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I'll ask my first question. Just with respect to, you did the Trayport FENICS deal yesterday. I think it's a really neat fit and gets you right there in front of the clients over in Europe, especially. But then, I'm hearing there's potentially a really good index complex that would be a great fit with CME, which I think it kind of behooves your team to look at to. But can you just remind me of the philosophy of paying out all your earnings versus weighing up, maybe stalling the annual variable for a bit if you see growth. Like help me think about how you weigh those?
James E. Parisi: I'm sorry, weighing investments versus our annual variable dividend?
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Yes, acquisitions.
James E. Parisi: Well, I think you saw how we handled the deal that we just did, right? Where it was mostly a stock transaction. There's a minimal amount of cash that we're going to have to utilize in that. And we've said all along that it's called an annual variable dividend for a reason. It's going to vary up and down because of activity at the exchange and because of investments that we may choose to make in any given year. So -- and you saw that even after we had announced it in -- I think it was 2012. I think the following year, we did the Kansas City Board of Trade acquisition for all cash. So we're not going to shy away from investments that makes sense. But our -- overall, I'd say that our philosophy around M&A hasn't really changed. We'll be opportunistic, but we also don't see any major M&A out in the future. So it's going to enable us to return quite a bit of cash to our shareholders.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Are you seeing a little bit more in terms of the medium or small-sized stuff than you would have maybe a year ago?
James E. Parisi: I think we've seen a good deal flow coming across our desks pretty consistent over the years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A question on RPCs for the quarter. I understand that overall, the mix will impact the bottom line RPC for the business, but it looks like some of the buckets, despite the fact that volumes were a little bit softer, RPC has come down as well, at least sequentially. And that's, I guess, after you guys have made some of the pricing adjustments that I thought would help. Any way you can try to calibrate that for us on how we should think about these numbers going forward?
James E. Parisi: Yes. Thank you, this is Jamie. The key there is going to be -- for this quarter, the member and nonmember mix. Remember, we have a highly differentiated fee structure where the liquidity providers are paying a very low fee and others are paying a significantly higher fee to use that liquidity. And so those who were paying the lower fee were a larger proportion of the business this year or this quarter, sorry, in total, and then also on interest rates and in energy as well. So that was a key driver on the rate side, and that will fluctuate up and down. And it was the same case, so if you look at the rolling 3 months from May to June in the interest rate side, Eurodollar. So there's a little bit of a product mix issue going on there where Eurodollars, which are a little lower fee then Treasuries, were a larger proportion in June than the month following out on that rolling 3 months. So it's really a mix factor here. It's not the underlying fee schedule that's having an impact.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. But the fee schedule is fully phased-in at this point, right?
James E. Parisi: Correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jillian Miller with BMO Capital Markets.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I had a question on Trayport. It's a monopoly in an open-access system. And I'm just wondering if you've gotten any pushback from firms that are connected to Trayport that might be concerned about the fact that CME, which is viewed by some people in the industry as somewhat monopolistic and siloed, having control over the venue. Is there a risk of some attrition from the platform? Or do you think that the users of Trayport are pretty comfortable with the new ownership?
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes. We've had -- I'll start, and then some of the guys here have a direct contact with some of the clients. But from the feedback that I got has been a very positive response from the client base because it's an open-access system as you pointed out. I didn't understand the monopoly point about Trayport that you made. It's open access. Everybody comes in, into it. That will not change. That business model is one that works. And most importantly, it works from the client's point of view. And I think, to the extent that, that does change, it impacts the client, and that would not be good for the client. It will not be good for anybody who makes that one change. What we want to do with this platform is not to change it in any way, shape or form. It's got -- as Terry pointed out, the business model is very successful. We intend to run it as is. If there are any changes, it will be in addition, adding products that customers need. And we think that, that's a model that works. I honestly don't see a monopoly point here. It's a nice word though.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I just meant in the sense that 90% of the nat gas and power trading is going on through Trayport. So maybe monopoly is the wrong word, but it definitely has -- it's the largest way that people trade those products in Europe, by far.
Phupinder S. Gill: Right. But it's a facilitation of the trade. And it comes to a trade board, but it lands -- it's home is not necessarily there. It's a pass-through mechanism.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Right. I got it. And then on FENICS, it's primarily a data and analytics provider for FX options. But I'm just wondering if there is a potential there to move it to more like a connectivity network and price aggregation system for broader FX, kind of the same way that Trayport has become for energy? What are the longer-term plans, I guess, for FENICS?
Phupinder S. Gill: I think to the extent it makes sense, that's a path that FENICS can actually take. I think FENICS and its connectivity to the very large Asian banks is actually a very solid foundation to build upon because from a trading perspective and an analytical perspective, the tool is very strong. How to expand that use over a broader client base, either by the mechanisms that you listed or also by the same mechanisms in which they are distributed now makes entirely a lot of sense to us, but ultimately, it would be driven by simply client demand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Curious to get your thoughts on why energy volatility is so low? I mean, if you look at the geopolitical stuff going on around the world between Iraq, Syria, Israel, Russia, one would think that energy volatility and, thus, energy trading volume should be higher. So what do you think is going on here?
Phupinder S. Gill: That's a damn good question Bryan. I haven't a damn good answer.
Terrence A. Duffy: I'll go -- and I'll jump onto that, too.
Phupinder S. Gill: But all that's good.
Bryan T. Durkin: I think part of it is that there's a really healthy macro crude supply trend that has evolved here in the U.S. And I do think that, that's had a bit of an impact in terms of the overall -- what you would expect from the impact of the geopolitical situation. There's also been other dynamics at stake here in the context of expectations for weather and where we are across the nation in the context of, it's a much cooler summer. And so, that's having a dampening effect in terms of prices. But I think a lot of these things are also positioning us for strength in the longer term because as infrastructure continues to evolve and there's development of new products and the utilization of new products in the context of liquefied natural gas and other components, it breeds opportunity for us to be out there and hopefully ahead of the game to respond to those changing dynamics. One of the things that we're excited to see is the performance of our natural gas volumes in general. And I think part of that has been through the introduction of our natural gas basis contracts about a year ago or so. By having that full complement of energy products, we have regained market share in that sector very specifically. And I think that, that's been due to the improved distribution with our CME Direct platform development, which is a screen that's being heavily used by natural gas participants, the broadened product offering, the full slate of natural gas basis contracts that we've introduced provides one-stop shopping for our trading environment. It's also been a beneficiary to our overall performance of our Henry Hub. 30% of the participants in our natural gas basis were primarily commercial. And some banks, I might add, have also increased their overall trading in natural gas, which is the Henry Hub contract.
Terrence A. Duffy: And I'll just add to that. Maybe just give a little political viewpoint on it. It seems to me that I have never seen so many different situations going on around the world between Iraq, Iran, Israel, Palestine, the fighting in the Gaza Strip, the lives being lost.
Phupinder S. Gill: Russia.
Terrence A. Duffy: What happened in Russia and sanctions potentially being put on, not putting on. The head of -- the UN Ambassador saying things contrary to the President of the United States. I think these are all confusing signals to any energy trader, and I would be afraid a little bit right now to trade it also. I think we'll get more certainty on the geopolitical stuff, and that's when I think you'll see the volatility come back into the marketplace. So when Europe, especially Germany, who counts on 40% of their energy coming from Russia, will she proceed with sanctions on Putin? Well, he's yet to decide who's going to take responsibility for the Malaysian jet yet. So I think these -- until some of these answers come out and when they do, and they will, I think you'll start to see the volatility really increase dramatically. But right now, I don't think a trader has any clue which way it's going to go because of the mixed messages geopolitically.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christian Bolu with Crdit Suisse.
Chinedu Christian Onwugbolu - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So just given how large and diverse the FX market is, it would be helpful to get your perspective on the addressable market, addressable in terms for CME. And I believe the 2013 BIS FX number is of $5.3 trillion per day. It's probably unusually high just given a little bit of activity in the Japanese yen. So if we say the total FX market is -- trades $4 trillion per day, which is what was reported in 2010, how do we think about how much of that is addressable for CME?
Bryan T. Durkin: Well, a couple of things. I mean, we feel that we're very well positioned with our core FX business. It's -- well, we're dealing in a historically low volatility environment. If you take a look at, and you've alluded to this, our overall performance in contrast to the cash market. I mean, we're continuing to see that very positive and increasing trend. We've now captured, I think, 110% in the context of looking at our market share performance versus the cash market. As we continue to extend product offerings, and we've made the step to introduce foreign currencies in Europe, and that's where contracts in the context of the heavily traded stock market exists, we have positioned those products to trade in a very similar convention to how they're used to trading those products in the region. We've had -- while we were fairly slow to start with the introduction of the exchange, we're really happy with the pickup in volume. And we're seeing a 70% week-on-week increase in terms of that average trading volume. Now we're at about 2,500 contracts a week. Gill alluded to, we hit 3,200 contracts last week. We're seeing a nice increase in open interest. We also believe that the add-on of FENICS and bringing that into the mix provides a full complement of products and services to the overall foreign currency market, both from a futures and options perspective. The volume trend from yesterday was a positive indicator to us as well. I think you've been seeing that we've been trading in the range of 600,000 to 700,000 contracts. We exceeded 900,000 contracts yesterday. And I might add that yesterday was a very positive trend for the interest rate complex overall where we traded 18 million for almost 18,500,000 contracts. I think those indicators should be tied into some of the statements that Gill and Jamie and Terry alluded to earlier in terms of where the market thinks this whole situation with the Fed tightening is going to move and how soon that may move. So overall, I think the foreign currency positioning that we've undertaken is positive to further capture that market that you outlined.
Chinedu Christian Onwugbolu - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's fantastic color. I guess what I was just really trying to hit at is, of that, say, $4 trillion per day that's traded, is everything addressable to CME or just some segment of it? Just trying to -- subjecting the opportunity for you.
Phupinder S. Gill: I think as a general rule, the portion of the FX market that is spot, whatever that percentage is, maybe half, maybe a little bit less than half, would be the so-called traditional market opportunity as you might see from a futures and options world. If you take the FX ecosystem into account and you take the Basel capital rules that are out there, and in spite of the fact that there are certain carveouts here and there, it may make sense to some of our client base to, for example, clear some of the foreign exchange products that they have that are not necessarily classified as spot now. So it might include forwards. It might include options. And as those opportunities continue to expand in relation to what capital efficiencies might actually be, then the so-called addressable market that you referred to either for trading or clearing or both will continue to expand. But it's, again, coming down to what do our clients need? So we're very focused and happy and focused across all the asset classes with respect to what our client needs are. So if you took Bryan's point into account as to where the trends are, how we sit visvis other cash platforms that are there, I think we are covering a good portion of the so-called current addressable market. But on a going-forward basis, that entire notional value stream that's out there, depending on the capital efficiencies client might achieve, and you're talking about a cleared environment becoming more of the norm rather than the exception, you might see more opportunities for companies such as ourselves that have a very solid open interest pool for foreign exchange.
James E. Parisi: I think it's worth just pointing out real quick, right? When we're talking about the spot market, we're talking measured in trillions. So the addressable market potential is measured in trillions. And today, we're trading less than $150 billion a day on exchange. So there's quite a bit of room for us to look for ways to solve the customers' problems.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Rutschow with CLSA.
Robert Rutschow - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I wanted to just circle back to the expense question. I guess, first, your quarterly expenses were flat even though your revenues were down about $50 million. So one, is there any way to better align quarterly expenses with quarterly revenues? And then longer term, if we look over 3, 4 or 5-year period, expenses are up about 15% while revenues are flat. So at what point would you consider a more comprehensive and far-reaching cost-cutting program that would reduce expenses on an annual basis?
James E. Parisi: I can start. As I said earlier, Rob, it's a fairly fixed cost base. So it's -- there's not any magic to trying to tie expenses to the volumes. And that is, you're right, it's painful during periods like this, but it's also a source of opportunity when volumes do start to pick up. And whenever we think about the expense base, we are very careful to think about the muscle that's here. And we want to be careful that we don't cut into muscle during a lull, and then have to go back and add that muscle back later and incur more cost in doing so. I think there's a great degree of talent here, and we want to make sure that we manage it appropriately.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gaston Ceron with Morningstar Equity Research.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I don't know if you mentioned this, but I just wanted to go back to the acquisitions. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about short-term and long-term expectations for revenue and margins on these businesses? And secondly, I wonder -- I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the performance of your index JV.
James E. Parisi: On Trayport, generally, their revenues have been or roughly in the neighborhood of $80 million. Operating margins in the mid-40s. FENICS, there isn't any data that's publicly available on them, but I'll say that their revenues are significantly smaller. It's a smaller business. Their margins are probably in the mid-20s. They've both been growing fairly strongly, I'd say, over the last several years. And they've demonstrated growth yet again year-to-date this year. So I think that's about all we can say on that. And then on the JV, the JV has been performing at or above expectations for us. We're very pleased with how that's played out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I figured I'd come in for a couple of follow-ups. Small ones, I think. On -- for you Jamie, I don't know if you commented on this, but the other line on the revenue side has been kind of trickling down, but it's also very volatile. So any color you can give us on how we should be thinking about this going forward? And then in the same kind of line of questions on market data, nice to see that actually tick up quarter-over-quarter, but any other color you can give us since the changes you've implemented? Obviously, the price hike, but also kind of like the new, I guess, trading screens having to pay now for the first time. Obviously, there's still more change at the end of the year, but maybe some of the changes, how they have impacted you so far?
James E. Parisi: Sure, let me start. On the market data side, yes, we did put that price increase in this year and so far -- and we've also eliminated the waivers beginning in -- eliminated new waivers beginning in March of this year. We're going to start charging for the waived terminal next year at about 50% of the rack rate. And so what we've seen in Q1, prior -- or I'd say in the last couple of years, each quarter, we would see a 1% or 2% decrease in the number of terminals. In Q1, that was less than -- a bit less than 1%. And in Q2 this year, we did see a small decrease in terminals. It was less than 0.5%. Though I think our strategy is starting to work in terms of eliminating those new waivers. So people, when they're coming in and they want to use our data, they're going to have to use a paid terminal. So that's, I think, very positive for us. And to the extent that we were able to keep the terminals flat for the rest of the year, if there were no more attrition, it would probably be somewhere in the neighborhood of -- that fee increase that we put in the beginning of the year is probably around $50 million in revenue. That's if the terminals were to stay flat. On the other revenue, one of the key things to think about there is, we've sold a couple of buildings over the last couple of years. So we've had a decrease in the revenue from the buildings because we leased out space in those buildings. We had some other --- last year, we had a Hurricane Sandy insurance reimbursement that we don't have this year. And some other one-off sort of events like some development fees from some of our partners, where we're codeveloping software, et cetera. So those are some of the drivers on that longer-term trend you're seeing on the other revenue.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just one follow-up, I'm going to ask a second one. You gave a lot of color on globalization, in particular on the European side, anything new you want to highlight in Asia? I think there's been a -- you highlighted in the past new FCM is coming online, in particular in China. I mean, any fruit that's bearing? Or any other ones we should be thinking about over the next few months that are going to contribute here?
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. Those trends that we talked about in the past, they continue along the same path. I would say the interesting twist currently is the activity around the Shanghai Free-trade Zone. And CME Group was fortunate enough to participate last week, together with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce talking to the Chinese about various and some trade developments. And I think there are some opportunities that may come about for CME Group and other exchanges as a result of those chats. But the trend and the momentum continue to move in the right direction. There's a particular emphasis with respect to the free trade zone and the so-called internationalization of the R&D. And on that note, this is where the FENICS tools will become critically important as many of the largest Chinese banks already use that. And the opportunity to expand that tool as a risk management protocol for more and more clients will become very real for us, too.
Operator: Thank you so much, I turn the call back over to the speakers.
Phupinder S. Gill: All right, thank you very much, guys. Up to this point and time of the day, we have done 5 million contracts. So it looks like the events of just yesterday are doing some remarkable results for us. Thank you very much for your participation, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John C. Peschier - Managing Director of Investor Relations Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee James E. Parisi - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director of Finance & Corporate Development Terrence A. Duffy - Executive Chairman, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee Bryan T. Durkin - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Kenneth Hill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Chinedu Christian Onwugbolu - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Neil Stratton Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the CME Group First Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'll turn the call over to Mr. John Peschier. You may begin, sir.
John C. Peschier: Thank you, and thank all of you for joining us this morning. Gill and Jamie will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the first quarter, and then we'll open up the call for your questions. Terry and Bryan are here in the room also and will participate in the Q&A. Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. For detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, and they're also available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Gill.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thanks, John. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm going to highlight CME Group's first quarter and then turn it over to Jamie to review our financials. We are pleased to announce solid results to start the year, highlighted by multiple records across our industry-leading diverse portfolio of products. The major driver of this performance was strong growth in short-term interest rate volumes throughout the quarter, further sparked by a report from the Federal Reserve in late March, indicating that the FOMC average estimate of the year-end Fed Funds rate in 2015 and 2016, had increased notably. The Federal Reserve also indicated that the definition of the "considerable period" during which rates would remain low beyond the end of quantitative easing may only be 6 months. The Federal Reserve Chair later softened this guidance on rates; nevertheless, the Feds Fund Futures Curve and implied estimate of when rates will rise, shifted upwards with the market expecting the Fed Funds rate to increase sometime in mid-2015. As you continue to see positive economic signs and an evolving desire within the Federal Reserve and extraordinary support measures are no longer needed, our interest rate option products, which allow for more sophisticated risk management of volatility and timing, have been rapidly growing. The market reacted positively in the first quarter 2014 to this momentum. Average daily volume for our core futures and options complex was up 9% compared to first quarter last year, mainly driven by strong growth in our 2 largest product areas based on volume, which are interest rates and equities. Our focus on building out and extending our options franchise continues to successfully grow this important part of our overall business. In total, first quarter 2014 options ADV was 2.5 million contracts, the second highest ADV in revenue quarter ever for options and was up 40% compared to last year. Interest rate trading volumes rose 19% overall during the first quarter compared to the prior year period. Eurodollar futures and options grew 46% in the quarter, highlighted by a growth of 106% in options, as well as a new daily volume record in Eurodollar futures of 6 million contracts, which were traded on March 19. While treasury futures and options average daily volume was flat in the first quarter 2014 compared to last year, treasury options volume continued to perform well and was up 18%. In addition, momentum continues to build in our Ultra T-Bond futures and options product, which had record quarterly average daily volume of 104,000 contracts, which are up 22% compared to the first quarter last year. April is a very strong month for interest rate complex with average daily volume up almost 40% for the month versus the same period last year, highlighted by growth of more than 70% in Eurodollar futures and options for all the month. Our Eurodollar complex is the clear choice for the market to express its views of the FOMC's policy. Over the last 12 months, open interest in Eurodollar options has doubled. The key driver here is the likely end of quantitative easing in the fourth quarter of 2014, which is already shifting attention to the next big policy decision, which is when and how much to raise the target at funds rate. With the rate decision coming into full focus, market participants have begun to adjust their risk management activities in the short end in the interest rate curve. Our interest rate swap over-the-counter complex has also benefited on the Fed's actions, as well as our continued efforts to add new capabilities. Open interest continues to trend upward, increasing over 50% from the end of the year to $13.7 trillion at the end of April. Over 440 global market participants have cleared at CME Group, taking advantage of the most capital efficient solution in the industry. 8 clearing members are now live with the service and over 30 customer accounts are already benefiting from this scalable solution. These clients using our portfolio margining service are saving on average over 40% through margin offsets, totaling close to $2 billion of efficiencies. Average daily notional volume cleared in the first quarter 2014 was $125 billion, with the new daily record of $264 billion cleared on March 20, 2014. Although, we've experienced fluctuations in market share for our dealer-to-customer IRS, notional volume cleared, we've experienced a steady increase in the amount of daily trades executed in our market from about 1,200 a day in Q4 last year to 1,500 in Q1 of this year at a level that was consistent with our primary competitor. The number of trades cleared has a much higher correlation to revenue than that notional value of clear trades. Jamie will explain this when he discusses the financials. As I mentioned, equities is a strong performer in the quarter, which is continuing into the second quarter. During Q1, we saw the benefits of having a broadly diversified equity product line with our overall equity average daily volume up 11% versus last year, including growth in excess of 30% [ph] from NASDAQ, Dow, and the Nikkei index products. Equity E-mini options also rose 66% during the first quarter compared to Q1 last year. Turning to foreign exchange. The global FX market continues to suffer this year, driven mainly by the FX benchmarking scandal and extremely low levels of volatility. While our FX average daily volume was down 19% in the first quarter compared to Q1 of last year. We continue to outperform the product OTC FX market, where we saw EVS'(sic)[EFS] FX volume down about 34% year-over-year. And based on our own customer analysis, as well as from recent research notes from Greenwich Associates, we feel that the market is increasingly adopting exchange-traded FX futures, which directly ties to our European exchange strategy. We launched our London-based derivatives exchange, CME Europe, earlier this week. Securing regulatory approvals to launch CME Europe marks a critical milestone in our global growth strategy. Our European clients are increasingly looking for ways to manage risk and access liquidity in their local jurisdiction, and launching a dedicated European exchange enables us to offer products tailored to their specific needs. This allows us to access a new non-U.S. client base, and with the move to central clearing, coupled with London's role at the center of global asset trading, opening CME Europe for business strengthens our competitiveness in this high-growth area. Also building on our globally relevant products, we will launch in North America a physically-delivered aluminum futures contract that will begin trading in the second quarter of this year, pending on regulatory approvals. This new aluminum futures contract will also offer global aluminum market participants a new tool for managing their exposure to volatile North American prices, while giving them access to physical aluminum at a number of CME Group-approved warehouses across the U.S. Moving on to our other products, the energy market slowed after the first half -- after the fast start to the year, the natural gas average daily volume was very strong in January and early February, especially with the cold winter in the Midwest and the Northeast. The high volatility experienced, however, has dropped significantly with overall average daily volume in the energy sector for the quarter, basically flat. And lastly, before I turn the call over to Jamie to discuss our financials. I want to touch on the recent news surrounding high-frequency trading and the impact in our markets. Let me start by saying that we're part of a highly regulated industry, and the most important thing for CME Group is the integrity of our markets for each and every participant. Any discussion of how to enhance market structure and efficiency, whether for derivatives, equities or other markets, is an important one to have. It is also important to acknowledge that markets continually evolve, and therefore, discussions about safeguards and efficiency must also evolve. CME Group has been and will continue to be an active leader in these discussions. Likewise, we have been at the forefront of market and system innovations designed to safeguard and protect clients. As markets have become faster and more highly automated, CME Group has developed an array of capabilities to manage risk and volatility and mitigate market disruptions. Those include credit controls, spot loss logic that was utilized during the flash crash, velocity logic and messaging volume controls that will automatically reject anomalous orders caused, for example, by an order entry error or a malfunctioning algorithm. CME Group's regulatory databases capture hundreds of millions of orders and trade messages, market data messages, clear trade records and position records each and every day, which are integrated into other reference data we maintain to provide a comprehensive view of our CME Group markets. We can identify who is doing what or whom and when down to the millisecond. Orders entered by automated systems and the teams who operate the automated systems are identified in the audit trail. In our markets, high-frequency traders are not afforded any special access or information that is not available to our market participants. HFTs do not have access to or information about customer orders before orders reach the central limit order book. Market data is made available to all subscribers at the same time, and they have a number of options to choose as to how they want to receive it. And lastly, it is important to remember that market participants regulated and academics have been discussing automated trading for years. Significant analysis has been done, highlighting the benefit of these types of participants existing in our markets and given the liquidity they provide, which ultimately tightens the bid-ask spread and reduces cost. The team, including our Chairman, is prepared to answer any detailed questions on this topic that you may have. So please feel free to ask us during the Q&A. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jamie to discuss the financials.
James E. Parisi: Thank you, Gill, and good morning, everyone. As Gill mentioned, volume grew nicely during the first quarter, driven by rates and equities. First quarter ADV was up 9%, revenue was up 8%, adjusted diluted earnings per share was up 14%, and the operating margin was 58%. Adjusted EPS for Q1 of $0.83, excludes FX fluctuations, prior period favorable tax results and changes in deferred taxes due to apportionment factors, outlined in our press release. The rate per contract for the first quarter was $0.767, down from $0.78 last quarter. The main driver of the drop overall was strong growth in our lower price interest rate contracts, and we saw a higher proportion this quarter for members, with member volumes growing 22% and nonmember volumes growing 15%. The transaction fee pricing changes, we implemented beginning this year, added about $0.019 per contract within the 2% to 3% range we expected. OTC swaps revenue totaled $12.8 million, up 19% versus last quarter. Within interest rate swaps, as Gill mentioned, because of the bifurcated pricing structure in OTC, the trade count ends up being the best indicator of revenue. In Q1, we captured an average of about $128 per OTC trade and we cleared approximately 1,500 trades per day. In 2013, we averaged approximately $130 per trade. In terms of market share on trade count, we were at 49% in Q1, up from 48% in Q4 2013, and 47% for all of 2013. We plan to release the average daily trade count on a monthly basis, which should help you in terms of modeling. Market data came in at $89 million, up 17% versus last quarter. The screen counts were fairly stable, with attrition during the quarter of less than 1%, despite the pricing change that took effect on January 1. Additionally, the elimination of the fee waiver for new clients took effect beginning April 1, which should have a mitigating impact on overall terminal attrition going forward. Moving on, first quarter operating expense was $325 million, excluding a $3.1 million FX benefit and $800,000 of deferred compensation expense, both of which we plan to remove for comparison purposes each quarter. Adjusted history, excluding these and other items previously identified to the last 5 quarters, is available on the income statement data file on our website. This result compares favorably to the Q4 2013 results. Our full year 2014 expense guidance remains at $1.31 billion, which assumes a certain level of license and fee sharing expense, as well as bonus expense, both of which generally vary with volume. Q1 nonoperating expense was $8.9 million, excluding the deferred compensation impact. We mentioned in our last volume release that we did not receive a dividend in Q1 from BM&F, similar to last year. Interest expense is down to $33.7 million, based on the pay off of a portion of our debt in February. Lastly, our index joint venture income for the quarter was the best yet, partially driven by increases in ETF assets under management and exchange-traded derivatives. Turning to taxes, the effective rate for the quarter was approximately 37.4% on a pro forma basis. And now the balance sheet. We had approximately $1.1 billion in cash at the end of the quarter, reflecting payment of our $750 million note maturing in February and payment of our $870 million fifth dividend in January. This begins our -- this brings our total 2013 related dividend to $1.5 billion. Over the last 2.5 years since we implemented the new dividend policy, we have returned $2.9 billion to our shareholders in the form of dividends, representing in excess of 10% of our market cap. Lastly, during the first quarter, capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances totaled $37 million. In summary, we are keenly focused on planting the seeds for future growth, while also ensuring that our core business is positioned to benefit as various macro themes continue to play out. With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rich Repetto from Sandler O'Neill.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: And first, thank you for the detailed comments on HFT, Gill. I guess, my question is to Terry because you're mostly in contact with the regulators and the politicians, as much as anyone I know. But from your perspective, do you think that they separate the HFT issues from the equities market -- equity market and the futures market? And just, not to put you on the spot, but what do you think your exposure is if there was HFT regulation, say, by the SEC? Would it spill over, with spillover to futures? Or do you feel like you have exposure there?
Terrence A. Duffy: Rich, I would say that in the years that I have been in Washington -- and I just got back again late last night. Gill and I were both there, and Bryan. They can have an opportunity to lump everything together, and that's just the nature of Washington, DC. But what we do -- I think we do a very good job at is educating the differences in our model versus the equity models. And we didn't do that when Michael Lewis' book came out. We've been doing that for 10, 12 years now. So I think we -- but unfortunately, Congress turns over every couple of years, so you always have that risk and exposure. I feel very comfortable, though, with the people that we've been dealing with and talking with on the Hill, that they understand the differences at a certain level. There will be a potential hearing coming up in the Senate ag on HFT, which I will be participating on. And then there should be another one coming up in the Senate banking, which I'm not sure of the date of that. Again, we will use those opportunities to continually draw the differences in our market structure and the equity market structure so we don't get swept into some kind of reform that doesn't apply to our business.
Phupinder S. Gill: And Rich, just to add to that for the perspective of what the Chairman just said. The equity futures that this group of traders, so called HFT traders, is less than 3% of the overall revenue of the firm.
Operator: Our next question's from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can you give us a little bit more detail on what you're seeing out there in terms of futurization? I don't think you talked about it much in the prepared remarks this time. And maybe give us some data that you might have in terms of, like, new participants that you're seeing for the first time, trading futures and also maybe rope this in, into some of the new SEF mandates and how those are going to be evolving over the next few months? And if you think that could be a driver of people finally saying, "Okay, this is getting too complex. Let's start in futures again?"
Bryan T. Durkin: I'll start, and Gill will add onto it. But you can see in terms of our overall growth in our open interest on the future side has trended up very nicely, over this past quarter particularly. And then you'll see, very much so, a strong trend across the Eurodollar curve, as well as the treasuries on the open interest. I would point you to, in terms of new users coming into the market, if you look at the Commitment of Traders report as it pertains to asset managers, there is a very significant trend in terms of their increase in open interest from over 1.8 million contracts to about 3.6 million contracts. And that ties directly into our interest rate futures product line. There is definitely, I think, continues to be some confusion and trepidation in the context of the SEF rules themselves and what the requirements are going to contemplate for the end users. And we're seeing that having the positive effect, quite frankly, in terms of turning towards the usage of our futures.
Phupinder S. Gill: And just to add to what Bryan just said, Alex, I think if you look at the deliverable swap futures over the past months, the open interest is up about 38% and to 108,000 contracts also. And there is an added dimension here that we've been full focused on the futurization efforts on the rate side, but we're also seeing some positive trends on the FX side where, with the market investigations that are going on, the open interest orders have come up in spite of the low volume on the FX side. So those are -- that's an average dimension that we had not seen until a short while ago.
Operator: Our next question comes from Niamh Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: If I could just comeback to the HFT trading question. Terry, part of this was the whole -- and equity is very different in very different markets, I am sure we get that, but then part of it was kind of the latency advantage that the high frequency trading firms had, had. And there is an argument that, that shouldn't be the case. Whether it's unfair or the appearance of unfair. If -- walk me through what, if any, discussions that you might be having or hearing with regards to potentially limiting co-location services or limiting kind of some of the latency advantages. Like maybe forcing everybody to slowdown to the same pace, everybody being CME or maybe forcing you to kind of eliminate some of the advantage. I know you don't have the huge co-location business right now, but people can co-locate beside some of your data centers. So if that -- if co-location was something that they really -- the advantage of it wanted -- was something they wanted to pressure, is that something that you think could significantly impact that customer group for CME?
Terrence A. Duffy: I'm sorry. I just want to understand your question. Are you saying that co-location could come under pressure?
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Yes. If there was -- some of the regulators, like the New York Attorney General, for example, is kind of suggesting that it's unfair and this is a practice that should be ended.
Terrence A. Duffy: I think that when they dive into what co-location facilities do, they will understand that they're the fairest system in the world, and that's what we strive for at the CME. So when we bring regulators, we bring legislators out to our co-location facility and we show them how there is no difference to the match engine, no matter where you're at in our co-location facility because of how we operate the facility. And I think that, that is something that has become a huge benefit. So if you were to say a co-location needs to go away and your server is going to be in some building and someone else finds out where that building is at, that gives that particular individual the only advantage of being closer to a server. So I think people are understanding that. I do think that co-location got a bad rap, for lack of a better term, during this book because it appeared that some of these facilities may have been doing favors or giving speed to certain participants and not to others. That's not the model that CME deploys. I think that answered your question completely.
Phupinder S. Gill: I think if co-location did not exist, there will be a lot of folks buying up space around the facility just to get in there. And so to the Chairman's point, it's actually a more level playing field because it does exist. And anybody can participate, not just a very large...
Terrence A. Duffy: And I think to that point, Gill, when we were talking yesterday with some regulators, we said that if, in fact, we didn't have co-location facilities today, you would probably mandate them by law for us to have them.
James E. Parisi: And I would just add one more point, Niamh. You mentioned about possible favoritism on data access or data distribution. We don't provide any proprietary feeds or separate feeds to any market constituents. All of our data comes out through one consistent mechanism, one type to all the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kenneth Hill with Barclays.
Kenneth Hill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I know you're just getting going here in Europe with the exchange, but I was wondering how you think about leveraging that clearing house and exchange in Europe as you expand into other regions over the longer term. So I was hoping you could -- how you see not only like marketing and sales efforts unfolding in Europe, but also in other regions like Asia, potentially leveraging that European hub?
Phupinder S. Gill: Sure. I'll start. If you look at the clearing house and the exchange we just launched, as we know, in this part of this week, I think market participants are just getting their feet on the ground. I think by the end of the month -- next month, we will see the participants in their full capacity participating. There are some connectivity issues within the firms themselves. But once they sort those out, we will start. And I think, in the words of our head of Europe, it has gone off to a gentle start. But the bigger question is, what's the plan here. And if you look at where it is located in terms of both the matching engine and the CCP, and you look at the sales force that CME has deployed, both in Europe as well as in Asia, as we develop and continue to innovate, we will have an option, depending on time need, as to where to list the various and sundry products as we develop them. So you could find as customer needs are European based, we would put them there with full access for everybody or we'll list them here in the U.S. So we have an additional platform in which to list any kinds of new innovations as we see fit. And beyond that, I don't think there's anything to share yet.
Operator: The next question comes from the Jillian Miller with BMO Capital Markets.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And so energy activity has been somewhat weak in March and April. And you mentioned in your remarks that volatility has declined in nat gas, but it just seems like there might be something more going on there. I don't know if some of the disruption in the commodity markets or the banks is having an impact. But any color on those dynamics there would be helpful and thoughts on how we should be thinking about energy volumes shaping up over the rest of 2014?
Phupinder S. Gill: I think the low volatility in the nat gas is not necessarily a structural issue. It's largely driven by demand and supply. I think there are various and sundry things happening in the nat gas markets around the world, not just in Europe and in the U.S., but Asia in particular is going to be an area of full focus where growth is concerned. And I -- to your other part of your question where you see there may be something going on, I think structurally the biggest thing that's going on and the biggest debate in the energy marketplace at this time, the supply issues, as it relates to brand and there's a lot of debate around that. And also the oversupply issues that we have here in the U.S. that has been spoken about. The oversupply at the Oklahoma facility has been really significant and now the oversupply condition is on the coast. And so it puts a lot of pressure on the authorities with respect to what to do with that crude. A lot of it is being refined and exported, but it increases the pressure on the debate to allow for the expansion of crudes. Structurally, that's what's going on and I...
Terrence A. Duffy: Yes, Gill, just to add to that a little bit. I think the other part of her question was what about the banks coming out of the market a little bit. And I think when you look at the -- Gill, outlined it very well when he gave you the fundamental reasons. If the banks were in or the banks were not, the fundamentals would be the exact same as they are today. So if in fact the fundamental situation changes in the energy market, the volumes will follow whether the banks are participating or not.
Bryan T. Durkin: On that point of fundamentals, there are still significant potential fundamental factors that could result in higher, more-than-current volatility levels that we're experiencing. And seeing higher volatility return to the space when looking at weather, the Russian situation and the huge U.S. natural gas inventory shortfall, other global initiatives or concerns with respect to Venezuelan unrest, from all of these things could have an impact on volatility going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMC.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Margins, 58% this quarter, a really nice improvement from what we've seen over the last couple of quarters. And I know you've given guidance for '14. But as we think about expenses longer-term, you've gone through this period of elevated investment over the last couple of years. This investment is going to season. It would seem like there is the potential for some disproportional operating leverage if you get the boost in revenues from the OTC side, the interest rate side. So I guess my question is, does this concept have any merit or does the incremental revenue continue to get spent on an accelerated pace on the next investment ideas?
James E. Parisi: Ken, this is Jamie. I think there's a very big focus internally on expense. We've said before that we look over the long run to grow our expenses and control them in a way that we're going to grow them probably in the mid-single digits. And when you have that kind of expense control and you lay on top of that growth in volumes in the out years moving forward, you're right, there is significant amount of operating leverage still alive in the model going forward. And we would expect that to accrue to the benefit of our shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chinedu Onwugbolu with Crdit Suisse.
Chinedu Christian Onwugbolu - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: With regards to the growth of the options business, what would it take to increase the electronic penetration in assets classes such as interest rates and energy? Is it a case of CME building the right tools for market participants? Or are there kind of wider, more strategic challenges that you need to overcome?
Phupinder S. Gill: No. I think if you look at the electronification percentage of the options products that we have, and also look at the types of investments that we have put into our matching engine over the year, the investments are there. The market practices that lend themselves more easily to electronic trading have taken place. Our electronic percentage has gone up from 35% last year to almost half this year, and where they continue to stay on the floor is when we're talking about trading strategies that are extremely complex. And so they lend themselves, at this time, more easily done on the floor. Where you see other markets around the world that have, it seems, have converted 100% to an electronic marketplace, in reality it's a call around marketplace with 5 or so market makers making markets on the phone and using the matching engine simply to book the trade. And that's not the case here. The strict rules that we have bifurcate between electronic trading, bid trading as well as block trading.
James E. Parisi: I would add to that, that we have an intensified emphasis in terms of augmenting our functionality within the match engine to handle the most complex strategies and multi-legged transactions. We're in the process of rolling out that additional functionality, working with the marketplace to bring more and more of that into the electronic platform.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So wanted to dive into the FX markets for a second. Clearly, volumes here today have been somewhat soft and then April seemed pretty light as well. Is that a function just of volatility or do you guys see something else that maybe structurally is driving volumes that are lower?
Bryan T. Durkin: We think that a lot of it is the functional aspects of the market and cyclical factors that are affecting the performance of the overall FX market. We're seeing unprecedentedly low volatility, which is hampering volume in that product sector. There is a number of other fundamental factors that impact the market users themselves in terms of their participation we're seeing because of this low volatility. And I also think the issues that are affecting the marking of the FX contracts in and of themselves has caused some pullback from certain segments of the market, particularly in the hedge funds in central bank area. However, we view this as being short-term, but challenge. And we're very confident about how with certain changes from a structural perspective, how this could be very positive in terms of our overall draw into our marketplace. It's a difficult comparison in terms of looking at it from Q1 of 2013 versus today. Volatility and volumes were driven largely based on the ongoing uncertainty surrounding the Eurozone crisis and the debt ceiling standoff in Washington. Those factors have somewhat changed today. With respect to capital rules, clearing mandates, we're seeing an increasing interest in terms of shifting customer interest that we hadn't normally seen in our futures product, coming into our futures products. So we view that, that bodes favorably for the strategy that we've undertaken in terms of continuing to build that complex, while also offering some alternatives on the European sector.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Allen with Evercore.
Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just want to follow-up on Gill's answer to Rich's question. Just to clarify, HFT was less than 3% of equity futures revenues. Just wondering how you guys define HFT, whether you're excluding electronic market makers? Just because I recall that the last disclosure you gave around customer segmentation, prop trading, including algos, as I recall, it was over 40% of your overall business. So just any color on that would be helpful.
James E. Parisi: Sure, Chris. This is Jamie. That was a very broad category, as you noted. When we look at it, HFT is not really an extremely well-defined term. That said, we did announced this based on Q1 data. We looked, we filtered firms by speed, order modifications and by volume of orders processed. We then looked at their automated trades. We then took a look at that and bumped that, we looked at it versus where our customer-facing focus on firms fell and kind of triangulated a little bit there. And it looks like, based on that analysis, that these firms represent about 30% of our volumes and less than 15% of our total revenues. And included in those numbers are volumes related to market making that happens with -- that they perform. So it's a -- I'd say, a fairly conservative number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Stratton with Citi.
Neil Stratton: I just had a question on the revenue per contract. Obviously, it'll shift based on product mix and client type and such. Is there any broad trends you expect to play out over the next several quarters?
James E. Parisi: I think when you look at the RPC, it's all those mix issues, right? So you're certainly going to -- if you expect the interest rate volumes to continue to grow in an outside way versus other quadrants that would weigh on the overall rate because they are a lower fee contract. As markets -- as people move from OTC, perhaps, into futures, we're likely to see some, over time, pickup in nonmembers. That would be a positive for the rates. And certainly, we put pricing changes in this year and that was a positive starting in January. And then when I look -- well, if I look down into energy -- I know there was question about that earlier. But on energy, there is some good non-U.S. growth in energy volumes, and actually some good nonmember growth in energy volumes as well in this past quarter, kind of masked by the overall flat result.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gaston Ceron, Morningstar Equity Research.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Thanks for the additional color and disclosure on HFT. I realize it sort of must feel like we're beating a dead horse, but just to come back to it, hopefully one last time this morning. Jamie, on that number that you gave, I think you said it was less than 15% of total revenue, I guess, for the first quarter. I just wanted to be clear. Is that across all the revenue lines, including market data, access fees, et cetera? Or is that just within clearing in transaction?
James E. Parisi: That's across all.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So across all the revenue lines, it's less than 15% of first quarter revenue.
James E. Parisi: Correct.
Operator: At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I'll turn the call back over to the speakers.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you, all, for joining us this morning. And we look forward to talking to you again in the next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John C. Peschier - Managing Director of Investor Relations Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee James E. Parisi - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director of Finance & Corporate Development Terrence A. Duffy - Executive Chairman, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee Bryan T. Durkin - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Kenneth Hill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Robert Rutschow - CLSA Limited, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the CME Group Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'll turn the call over to Mr. John Peschier. You may begin, sir.
John C. Peschier: Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. Gill and Jamie will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the quarter, and then we'll open up the call for your questions. Terry and Bryan are on the call as well and will participate in Q&A. Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on the call and in the slides on the website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any statements. For detailed information about the factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, which are available on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Gill.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for being with us this morning. I'd like to take the opportunity to highlight 2013 results focusing on Q4 and then discuss the big picture environment for CME Group in 2014. Afterwards, Jamie will review our Q4 financial results. During 2013, there were signs that the U.S. economy had regained some traction following its slowdown in late 2012 and early 2013. Fundamentally, deleveraging is behind us and the rebalancing that has taken place, positions the economy for growth. In addition, the annual budget deficit is expected to further tighten over the next few years, reflecting a healthy recovery of the private sector. The tone of the Fed is also positive and this, together with the continued energy boom, all bode very well for our benchmark products across all fixed asset classes. Given all the fluctuations and uncertainty we have faced, our job has been to work on behalf of the industry from a regulatory perspective and to provide innovative ways for clients to manage risk. Our response to these challenges on many fronts have been exceptional and we are very proud of what we have accomplished and the way we have positioned our company. With that as a backdrop, our fourth quarter ADV growth was in line with what we have seen over the last few quarters. Average daily volume for our call futures and options complex was up 11% compared to fourth quarter 2012, driven primarily by continued strong growth in interest rates, which rose 29% during the fourth quarter compared to the prior year peak period. Eurodollar futures and options grew 48%, while treasury volumes rose 15%. In January compared to the same period last year, interest rate volume increased 18% and our Eurodollar business remains elevated, up 45% during the month which is a great sign for us. Innovative product expansions launched in the last 3 years accounted for 4.5% of fourth quarter interest rate activity. Within our energy franchise, we have experienced a strong pickup during the winter months. In particular, we have seen strength in natural gas. December volume was up 40% year-over-year and January was very strong as well, up 30%. We drove strong growth in coal in Europe, up 90% in the fourth quarter compared to the same period of the prior year. In addition, volume in our Dubai Omani product grew 36% during the year to more than 6,000 contracts per day, and January activity continues to grow up around 54% to 8,200 contracts per day, including a record day a few weeks ago. Our other product areas had lower volatility during the year including equities, FX and agricultural products. The steady rise in equity market value during 2013 was not conducive for driving equity volume growth, although we outperformed our primary U.S. peer. However over the last month, there has been a decent pickup in volatility impacting several product and the volume across the board has responded accordingly. Our global focus continues to drive outside growth in volumes overseas. During the fourth quarter, Latin America volumes were up 36%; Asia and Europe volumes were up 12%; with North America up 8%. In addition, we look to expand our global presence by adding new clearing members in key areas. During the quarter, we added China merchants futures as our fifth Asian clearing member, which allows us to better address the needs of our increasing client base in the region. We will continue to enhance and expand our network of clearing members there, allowing us to bring our wide range of global benchmark products to new Asian client segments. Our options complex also continues to perform well with fourth quarter ADV up 39% versus the prior year peak period, building on 31% growth during the third quarter. Options on financial products, including rates, equities and FX were all up more than 40% versus the prior year. In January, we traded 1 million equity options within a single day for the first time. We also had an impressive open interest build in options during 2013, with options open interest increasing 28%, outpacing huge futures which rose 14%. During this impressive growth in options -- driving this impressive growth in options is our continued success in growing the electronic participation in this complex. We ended 2013 with 45% of our total options business trading on Globex up from 35% in 2012. Moving on to OTC clearing. We continued to make progress during 2013 following the completion of the 3 ways of the Dodd-Frank clearing mandate. Highlights for the year include becoming the global leader in dealers customer OTC interest rate swap open in interest launching 11 currencies to bring the total to 18, enhancing our value proposition with 7 clearing members now being able to offer portfolio margining and increasing the total global institutions carrying IRS, CDS and FX at CME to approximately 420 firms. As I mentioned earlier, our efforts to position the company to benefit from a changing regulatory environment are starting to gain significant traction and you are seeing a continued shift in market share and open interest into our clearing house. Since December, our open interest has grown by $2.7 trillion, or 32%, driven by our real money clients like asset managers and insurance companies. The net result is that we are now the global leader holding 52% of the global outstanding client cleared swap open interest. In January, we had the highest volume month since inception at around $124 billion a day. In addition, we have seen clients of traditional swaps ramp up their trading of our futures and options products. However, their use of our core products remains at the very early stages in our view. December marked the 8th straight month we have seen 20-plus percent year-over-year growth in our interest rate futures and options business. Our interest rates rate per contract reached $0.50 in Q4 for the first time since 2010. This was primarily driven by a continued pickup in volume from nonmembers. Our Deliverable Swap Futures contract reached a new record level in December of 12,000 contracts traded per day, up 33% from the prior peak month of September 2013. Open interest reached 114,000 on December 10 prior to the role. We expect to build on this success in the current year as we plan to launch several new rate offerings during the year. Looking forward to 2014, we see good indications that we will be able to build on the momentum realized during the last year. And after 4 years of modest recovery, most economies believe the U.S. economy appears poised for its best performance since the death of the financial recession in 2008 and 2009. In addition, the impact of government intervention hasn't just been felt in the U.S. as key global markets have also been affected. For example, there's a lot of focus on MiFID II legislation in Europe. There's still a lot of detail and interpretation that needs to take place with a fairly long implementation period. One of the key aspects we have been focused on is the impact on non-EU clearing houses with customers based in Europe. The language on that front has progressed quite positively during the process, so we don't expect change in terms of our existing core business cleared in the U.S. In light of this, what has been missing from the world economy is the energizing effect of synchronized growth and the European stability, improved prospects for the U.S. and continued health of the Asian economies that trends in our favor. Overall, we see good indications that the fundamental drivers of the core business are improving and we're optimistic about the long-term prospects for our developing global initiatives. 2014 has started off well and our main focus is on enhancing efficiency throughout the firm and capturing incremental revenue. With that, I will turn the call over to Jamie to discuss the financials.
James E. Parisi: Thanks, Gill, and good morning, everyone. As Gill mentioned, the volume grew nicely during the fourth quarter and the rate per contracts increased based on several positive mix drivers. We were impacted by a few unusual items on the expense side, which I'll highlight. But excluding those items, we came in very close to our original guidance on expense for the year. Adjusted EPS for Q4 was $0.64, excluding the GAAP loss on the NYMEX building sale, which added $27 million of other expense during the quarter, as well as a $7 million pretax impact due to an intangible asset write-off by the S&P joint venture, which was recognized as non-operating income and expense. Now, let's get into some of the details starting with revenue, which was up 4% compared to the prior year. The rate per contract for the fourth quarter was $0.78, up from $0.762 last quarter. The main driver overall was product mix with commodity products making up a higher proportion of the total volume in Q4. With an interest rate as Gill mentioned, we have seen a pickup in nonmember activity during each of the last 2 quarters. OTC swaps revenue totaled $10.8 million, down from the prior quarter due to a mix shift with a large sequential increase from our lower priced high turnover of clients. Moving on, total fourth quarter operating expense was $337 million excluding expenses related to the sale of the NYMEX building. For the year, expenses were approximately $1.271 billion, that was $21 million higher than our original expense estimate of $1.25 billion. There were 2 primary drivers of the variance. First, in November, we announced that we were a victim of a cyber-intrusion making us one of the many organizations subject to this type of crime in recent months. During the second half the year, we expensed $16 million related to CME's response to the event. One other item to note during the year, deferred compensation was $9 million due to the strong equity market growth. As you know, deferred comp expense is offset in investment income so there was no bottom line impact. Therefore, we do not normally take it into consideration when setting our expense guidance. Turning to taxes. The pro forma effective tax rate for the year was approximately 37.7% and 37.2% for Q4. And on the balance sheet, we had almost $2.54 billion of cash and marketable securities, which includes $750 million held in cash for the February 2014 debt paydown. Our annual variable dividend was paid out in mid-January and totaled about $870 million, bringing total 2013-related dividends to $1.5 billion, reflecting a payout percentage well over 100% driven in part from one-time items primarily the building sale proceeds and proceeds from our interest rate hedge. That leaves us about $900 million in cash heading into 2014. During the fourth quarter, expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances totaled $39 million, bringing us to $130 million for the year at the low end of our prior guidance. Now let's turn to 2014. We expect operating expenses to come in at approximately $1.31 billion, up less than 3% from the adjusted 2013 expense, or up 5% when you exclude the cyber incident and deferred compensation. This 2014 guidance does not include deferred compensation, is based on our targeted bonus level, which will vary depending on performance and assumes a certain level of license and fee sharing expense, which also varies with volume. Capital expenditures in 2014 are expected to be $175 million. Included in here is approximately $37 million associated with our NYMEX office space to bring it up to our corporate standards and make it more efficient. This will be the first time this space has been updated since the building opened 17 years ago. Excluding that, we expect to be below $140 million again for the year. We announced several pricing changes which went into effect recently. First, we adjusted transaction fees and certain tier levels within our core business. Based on 2013 activity and mix levels, we would expect that to result in a 2% to 3% increase to transaction fee revenue. In addition, effective last month, we expanded our market data fees for professional screens from $70 per month to $85 per month. Lastly, as many of you know, we are working to eliminate market data fee waivers, a policy many clients have increasingly utilized over the last few years. Beginning in 2014, we are not granting any new waivers. And starting in 2015, we will begin charging 50% of the standard fee to existing clients that have the waiver in place. We expect this to add incremental market data revenue beginning in 2015. With respect to taxes, we expect our 2014 rate to be between 37% to 38%, consistent with 2013. In summary, we continue to focus on investing for the future. In particular, we have positioned ourselves to fully take advantage of the changing regulatory and competitive landscape, as well as the improving cyclical trends. As always, while investing in our future, we also remain intensely focused on generating excess capital and returning it to our shareholders. With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our and our first question comes from Jillian Miller with BMO Capital Markets.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So Europe has finalized MiFID II legislation and there are some clauses in there that call for derivatives that have been accessed. And I guess what I'm curious about is whether you think Europe kind of setting that precedent might ultimately creep over to the U.S.? Maybe you could just run us through what would be required in terms of legislation or regulation in order to create some kind of open access in the U.S. and what you think your protections might be? And I guess, just generally how you're thinking about the competitive dynamics for futures longer term given those developments in Europe?
Phupinder S. Gill: Ms. Miller, this is Gill. I'll start and then I'll ask the Chairman to add some points here. But I think with respect to the open access provision in MiFID II it's not clear to us, yet as to what exactly it means. But there's a clause there that addresses companies such as ourselves to the extent I think that we don't ask for open access, then open access rules would not apply to companies such as ours. Within the Europeans here itself, I think the open access rules themselves have not been very clear so we're waiting for some clarity there. And I ask the Chairman to give.
Terrence A. Duffy: Yes, just to add to what Gill said, it's Terry Duffy. The rule that they put forth a couple of weeks ago under MiFID II, won't take place until 2016. The reason why they did that is because there is a lot of unclear issues yet to be resolved as far as how they're going to have open access in Europe. But it will not apply to a U.S. DCO or DCM at once, unless they want to have open access against that particular entity in Europe. As far as a bleeding over into the United States, which I think was the second part of your question, as you recall in 2010 when Dodd-Frank was passed, there was a provision in Dodd-Frank that said no clearinghouse should be compelled to take the counterparty risk of another clearinghouse, which basically means no open access in the United States. And I think that's very compelling that's part of what our Congress voted in a very big piece of legislation and I don't see that ever being attacked. There's other parts of Dodd-Frank that I think people are trying to work within or under the rules, but the law in and of itself has been passed the implemented going forward and now we're just seeing things come out in Europe. But I don't see that coming into the U.S., obviously would -- it would take an act of Congress to change it.
Operator: Next question comes from Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I guess my question is on February 15 and the staff implementation or launching. And I could see where the clearing -- you talked about the mix change, Jamie. When are we going to see the positive benefits -- do you think February 15 where we get that higher paying client in the mix, do we -- is the potential for that mix to shift back towards or more weighted towards this higher paying client?
Bryan T. Durkin: Rich, it's Bryan. A couple of things, with respect to the SEF mandate, while it's starting in February, there's still a lot of confusion on the part of the client base. We're working very closely with all of them to help effectuate and make sure that they're able to comply with the trading requirements. We've really been gearing up in terms of supporting the clearing services and ability to provide portfolio management. But we also see already somewhat of an uptick in the context of the core business, particularly as it pertains to our Eurodollar and interest rate complex. And we're seeing that phenomena grow particularly as it pertains to the asset management community, as well as within the hedge funds. And that can be translated as you see a nice uptick in our rate per contract within the interest rate quadrants.
Operator: And next question comes from Niamh Alexander with KBW.
Kyle Voigt - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: This is actually Kyle Voigt, I'm stepping in for Neve. My question is on just OTC interest rate swaps clearing. So we're seeing continued growth in clearing volume quarter-on-quarter. But on a market share basis versus your large competitor, looks like your market share has pulled back from highs around 40% down to the 26% to 27% range in December and January. Just wonder if you can give us some color around underlying drivers of this?
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I'll start and then I'll ask Bryan to add. We had a record January for cleared trades and our open interest has also increased compared to December, it's been up 30% -- 37% or so. So in terms of the open interest share itself, we are looking -- we are looking quite good and we're quite pleased with what we have. Something for you to keep in mind is that there's a huge amount of the so-called overnight index swaps, the OIS swaps that are being traded and cleared at [indiscernible] and it makes up about 60% or 65% of the trades that they have. So that's why you're seeing CME having a commanding open interest share. And if you look at the trade counts themselves, those have not changed. So in terms of the number of trade they're pretty consistent in what we are seeing. And in fact CME has about 51% of the trade -- that trade count.
Bryan T. Durkin: And I think our approach has been a very solid one in the context of the client base that we have brought in to the circle. Representing, we're 91 coming -- I mean we're #1 in terms of our global interest rate client open interest representing 52% of that market share. And those clients are continuing to increase their usage, both on the OTC clearing side of the equation, expanding their usage as we've increased the number of currencies that we support. That number has now increased to 18 and we're seeing a nice pickup in the non-U.S. denominated currencies as well which speaks well for the level of open interest that we represent for these long duration clients. We also have seen a pickup in the high turnover clients. Their activity towards the end of the year increased as well. I think you have to keep in prospective, as we said last quarter, our focus is in driving overall growth between our core, as well as our OTC clearing services. And combine the revenue overall growth was approximately 35%. So we're very pleased with that holistic picture of leveraging our core, as well as the expansion of our OTC clearing services.
Phupinder S. Gill: Kyle, this has been very consistent with what we have said right from the start that the OTC clearing activity that we engage in it's all about the core and is actually very complementary, as Bryan points out to the core. So when you look at the numbers to Brian's point, look at them holistically and include what you're seeing in the Eurodollar scene too, which has seen a tremendous pickup in the activity.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Allen with Evercore.
Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to circle on the market data on the fee increases there. I mean, we've seen the continued decline over the course of the year in that revenue bucket and I was wondering if you could kind of explain that. Was it due to the decreases in the screen count? And I believe last quarter, you provided guidance about $50 million impact the screen count was stable, is that still in play right now?
James E. Parisi: Yes, Chris, this is Jamie. Yes, the guidance from last quarter was if screen count stayed consistent with where we ended -- where we were in last quarter going forward and you apply the new rate, that would be an extra $50 million or so of revenue. We have seen some continued pressure on the terminal count in the fourth quarter as we continue to see banks downsizing and some of the legacy incentives still were in place in the fourth quarter so that waiver where people were taking advantage of that waiver for trading terminals. Though the teams obviously here have analyzed different alternatives to reinvigorate the revenue, this revenue source. And as we mentioned, they've made these changes to the waiver policy, that I think going forward will help mitigate some of that terminal decline that we've seen from people migrating from paying terminals to waive terminals and then ultimately us collecting some fee on those waive terminals in 2015.
Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Any color on the amount of fee that you potentially collect from the fee waivers?
James E. Parisi: It's too difficult to say at this point because you don't know how people are going to react whether they're going to consolidate terminals and whatnot. So we're going to leave that out for now, but I do think it's -- it'll be somewhat meaningful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Hill with Barclays.
Kenneth Hill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wanted to touch on the Energy business here. So you guys did some pretty heavy discounting over the course of 2013 in hopes of bringing new participants into the complex and helping the overall energy complex. So I was just wondering if you could provide any color on if that's changed to somewhat of a customer mix there, if you're seeing more commercial participation or if it's had any impact on incremental volumes here?
Bryan T. Durkin: It's Bryan, and yes, I think that the focus and the emphasis that we put in place on bringing in some of the commercial interest is definitely showing itself more so across the sector, within our crude product line, within our efforts on building up the brand contract, as well as our natural gas business. So if you take a look at the overall comparison of how we're tracking volume quarter-on-quarter versus open interest, we're seeing some very nice pickup. We have stabilized the rate per contract. We have been able to see some great I think acceleration pickup in the natural gas contracts in particular. We're also seeing some strong uptick in participation in our overall options. We just recently introduced our natural gas basis contract. And we're very pleased with the initial interest and pickup there. We have 17 companies already that have cleared natural gas basis. And that's particularly referencing back to my earlier comment on commercial interest. Six of the top 25 natural gas basis customers have executed with us. We have some strong market maker participation. We're very excited about the introduction of that contract as it complements our overall natural gas business.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jamie, just had a few questions on the expenses. So I guess first, I just want to make sure the impairment was in the non-op line, so in the -- like in the unconsolidated subsidiaries, and then just on some of the lines in the quarter, just seems like the other line item, I think communications, you guided to a higher level came in at lot lower. But you had professional, it was just a lot higher. So just want to make sure, we kind of understand, whether it's the building loss, where the cyber investment or the spend came in, in the quarter? And I think on the cyber in the deferred comps, just how much of that was this quarter versus you guys mentioned it was for the full year, but obviously it was back weighted?
James E. Parisi: Sure. So the $16 million I referenced in terms of our spend on the cyber incident came through professional fees. And that was roughly half in Q3 and half in Q4. I recall about $8 million in Q4 from that in professional fees. And then deferred comp was about $3 million of expense in Q4 as well. And then on other expense, don't forget we tend to be heavier weighted on marketing expense towards the end of the year because of the events, and whatnot that we hold in the fourth quarter, and a lot of the advertising tends to be weighted in the backend, so that's why you saw a little bit heavier spend there as well.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So just the marketing that would be in that other bucket, so x the building loss, that was driving a lot of it partially seasonal?
James E. Parisi: Yes, yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Jamie, you guys have been successful in exiting or monetizing kind of non-core assets over the last couple of years. Wondering if you're still in the process of exploring other potential sales or exits in the next 12 months? And then remind us again on your kind of minimum cash levels. And if that has -- if you think that might change over that same time period looking out over the next 12 months?
James E. Parisi: Sure. With respect to the shedding non-core assets, I think obviously the buildings were the big things that we've done over the last few years. And we've sold all the real estate, significant real estate that we want to at this point. Obviously, owning our major data center and owning our trading floor facilities, we're going to keep those on the books going forward. And then the other part of the question was around which?
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Your minimum cash and if you expect that to grow?
James E. Parisi: Yes, on the minimum cash, we're still targeting $700 million minimum. Do note though over the last few years, every time we've paid that annual variable dividend, we brought the cash down to about $900 million, losing a little bit of a cushion there above our minimum. So just to keep that in mind as well. But the minimum that we're looking at is the $700 million.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just wanted to come back to the expense guidance. Jamie, you gave a couple of items here, but maybe you can flush it out a little bit more. First of all, I -- you didn't give a range this year. So just wondering, why you have that much confidence on one particular number, in particular given that we've had a couple of examples over the last few years, when if I remember correctly, you were more towards the higher ends or above that. So maybe you can just talk about that. And when it comes to the licensing fees, obviously that's going to be driven by equities and energy volumes. So maybe just like what are you assuming there in terms of volume growth, so we can or maybe bring that up or down little bit depending on all [ph] volume assumption? And then just lastly, again, talk about what goes into the expense guidance in terms of expectations for some of these line items and bonus accruals and things like that?
James E. Parisi: Sure. Just in terms of the expense guidance itself, our best estimate at this point is $1.310 billion. That's where we're going to strive towards for the year. So we thought we would give you the number that we're working towards. And in terms of giving you any volume guidance, I appreciate your desire to get that from us. But as usual, we're not going to provide any of that volume guidance to you on those particular product lines or any product line. But when I look at the guidance and you look at the increase versus 2013, I'd say the lion's share of the increase is really tied to staffing with the annual merit and promotion adjustments, obviously, being a component of that, as well as new hires in support of growth and regulatory areas kind of driving the other part of the increase in that line. In order of absolute dollar magnitude, I'd say the next area of growth in the expense when you look at the different line items, will be in the occupancy line as a result of the fact that we're now leasing the NYMEX building, with offsets to that expense in depreciation and amortization because we no longer own the building. We should also see as we said, some growth in the licensing and fee sharing. And then driven also by the full year impact of the OTC revenue share that comes through that line. And then, we'll see now -- we'll continue to see likely increases in professional fees, as we continue to invest in growth opportunities. And then when we look at technology support line, we should see some increase there in the coming years, as we look to reconfigure our backup data center footprint. But think that's kind of a laundry list of some of the things that were driving that expense guidance for next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick one on the interest rate complex. The Fed tapering has clearly been beneficial to volumes. Just wondering as you guys look at the volumes speak to your customers, do you think a lot of that participants now are back into the market, just assuming that tapering is going to be over? Or do think there's still a large portion of the customer base that's still out of the complex, but potentially could get back in as the Fed continues to accelerate taper?
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill, I'll start and I'll ask Bryan to add. I think the -- if you look at the indicators over the last 4 years or so, the front end of the Eurodollar, for example, saw a sharp decline in volume and any kind of activity and that led to us doing some development work across other parts of the curve that made up some of that loss. What we have been seeing, particularly over the last 2.5 or 3 months, is a pickup, a significant pickup in activity in those front 8 months and a corresponding pickup in activity. So in the back months and the Treasury futures and options are also reflective of more activity. So it could be that they ask now definitive expectations as to when Fed easing will end the uncertainty as to whether it'll end or not, it is bringing a lot of folks into the marketplace in order to actually hedge. And that's reflected on the expanded activity that you're seeing. Parts of the curve that for the last 4 years has been -- have seen a decline in all volume. In terms of participations, open interest holder activity also has gone up. So that's indicating to us that many participants are coming back in the market, particularly over the last 3 months or so.
Terrence A. Duffy: Can I just add to that a little bit, Gill? Just giving you a little -- this is Terry Duffy. When you look at what's going on in the interest rate market, with the tapering of $10 billion going on a month, we still have another $70 billion a month to get out of the $85 billion a month of tapering, before we even get the rate movement at all. So I actually believe there's a tremendous amount of participants that are still on the side lines they're waiting to see the program -- acuity program completely end. And then we'll see some fluctuation in rates and then we'll see some proprietary trading shops that maybe have not been in there. And not the pure hedges, but a lot of high turnover guys. So I still think there's a lot of participants on the sidelines.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. And we'll go on to the next question from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Back to the OTC clearing question. I know it came up a couple of times, but with respect to the market share dynamic, and I know there's certain differences between you guys and LCH. But you guys clearly have a pretty significant capital savings to offer the clients. Why do think that hasn't been higher, I guess, as of yet? And what are some of the catalysts that you think we need to look for, for folks just to take up the gross margin and portfolio margin opportunity that you could offer?
Bryan T. Durkin: Well, we're actually quite excited about the uptick in the firms that are availing themselves to the cross-margining efficiencies. We have over 7 clearing members now that are live with portfolio margining and several more in the testing phases. And again, I think you have to really focus on the level of global market participation that we have within our complex for OTC clearing. We're very pleased to see that number growing. We have over 420 global market participants. And our focus and emphasis is continuing to grow that user base on the client side of the business in particular and we're the beneficiary of bringing new business into that core.
Phupinder S. Gill: And with all the things that are going on in terms of compliance with both the rule changes that are occurring here, and in Europe and elsewhere. I think to the extent that the focus for some firms are not there, it's a matter of prioritization. And we do know that, at this point in time many of the firms and their customers are focusing on the Fed issue. And those folks that have their members not ready to do cross-margining have found their way into the deliverable swap futures complex for us. So basically, that is as Bryan points out, a lot of enthusiasm and there have been 7 firms that have signed up, I think the last quarter, when we spoke that number was only 2 or 3 firms. So we have seen growth.
Terrence A. Duffy: And Gill, maybe there was one other thing we can mention, as we're talking about OTC, the mandate for the trading of swaps will be kicking in around September 15. I don't know if we touched much on that and what that could potentially do to our core business, whether it's futurization or adding basis type trading with our swaps and futures coming together. And that is something that I think we all need to keep a very close watch on how that's going to materialize starting in the middle of February and going forward over the next several months.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. And Gill, when you mentioned that there are more users albeit it's still early switching over from using more traditional swaps to futures. Any evidence you see about the type of clients who are doing that? I don't know if there is any pattern you can point to or if it's still too early to tell?
Phupinder S. Gill: Too early to tell at this time now in terms of what trends to expect. But I think as Terry points out, if you look at the next 7 months, it will be instructive as to who would be participating. And also on our slide, if you look at Slide 10, the last open interest holders for deliverable swap futures has continually gone up. It'd be gather that number's slightly above 20 and now it is at 50 and change.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just want a follow-up on MiFID II. Obviously, we're going to get more details on it. But what is the optimistic case for CME in terms of helping CME better break into Europe? Maybe without having to offer open access in the U.S.? And is there potential to maybe take advantage of partnerships that you have with other firms to get access to Europe without reciprocating in the U.S.? And I know we don't have details, but could there be potential that you are thinking about there?
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill, and I'll start here. I think our focus has been largely to see which parts of the law might encroach on the core business of the firm. And on that front, we're quite pleased with what we are seeing there. There are several compliance-related issues that our entities in Europe have to basically make sure that they're in compliance with those rules. With respect to the partnership opportunity, as you know, it's been the preferred model for CME, with very small exceptions to partner with entities around the world. And so we view Europe no differently than we view any other part of the world. With that complete understanding that the client base is very mature there, they understand the products such as the client base that is here. And to the extent that there are partnership opportunities that present themselves, we would almost always look at them. So at this time, our focus is very decidedly on what the MiFID laws are saying in the implications for the businesses that we have here. And at first glance, it looks pretty much business as usual with multiple exceptions as to how it's being conducted in Europe on a going forward basis. So the next 2.5 years would be instructive as to how we position ourselves.
Terrence A. Duffy: And Gill, if I could just add to that. I think what's important to note here is, when we first decided to list the clearinghouse in Europe and to register for an exchange in Europe, MiFID II was not out and no one even thought of any proposal on open access. So our business plan wasn't going to be based around if in fact we could take advantage of an open access throughout the European communities. Actually we opposed that type of language in Europe because we believe in a vertical silo as we do here in the U.S. That being said, I think that we have great opportunities as a start up in Europe to continue to build our business and what we have to do is have a value add. I think as Gill clearly pointed out, the incumbents are going to have a distinct advantage for their products it's no different than we all do today in the vertical models. But at the same time, we'll be in the new business in London and we're doing it for the reasons for value add not because of a law that we think could help make the business more accessible.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gaston Ceron with Morningstar Equity Research.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I just have a quick follow-up on that very issue that you were just touching on. Maybe I missed it, but do have an update on -- you mentioned a lot on that exchange, do you have an update on the timing for that? And also -- just so I understand, so when and if you open that, the new MiFID rule would apply to that, is that correct? And also you seem pretty definitive that it would not bleed into your U.S. business. So does that mean that even if as volume that originates in Europe but comes to the U.S., the rule would not apply to that? I'm just trying to get it straight.
Phupinder S. Gill: Okay. You asked quite a few questions. No, that's just fine. I'll start with the one that I remember, but this is the last part of your questions about how confident we are. Our focus in the first instance is to make sure that European clients will be able to continue to access U.S. markets in the same way and in the same fashion that they currently are doing so. So on that front, there is some work that's being done between the regulators here and the regulators over there. On the second piece is the open access issue that was addressed a short while ago. In terms of the launch of the exchange, we have no update at this point. We still continue to work with Bank of England and other authorities to make sure that they are comfortable with the process and procedures that we have. And that should be resolved soon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Rutschow with CLSA.
Robert Rutschow - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I had a quick question on rates. It seems that some of the benchmarks that are used, particularly the ones based on surveys are being shied away from and being changed, and so I'm wondering did you see any opportunities to develop new products to take share, further share globally in rates?
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I think the jury is still out there. I think they are -- there's a committee that's been headed by the Dr. Duffy [ph] from Stanford, and he is looking at the alternatives and their scheduled to release a report quite soon here. I think as you may have well read, there has been 2 schools of camp, one was basically to fix the indexes as they stand and make sure they are not easily manipulatable. And the other hand if the one that says get rid of them and start fresh. And so I think the work that this committee is doing will be instructed with respect to the direction that they are going to go to. But in any case, I think what CME Group is focused on is basically growing the comp -- the complex as we see it both in the short end, as well as the long end. And on the short end, where the index, the LIBOR index is being used for the Eurodollars, we are and we have been and continue to look at alternatives that make sense for our client base and also reflect the operating reality in which these products can be used. And so whether they're based on a survey of actual transactions or whether they are based on any other criteria, whatever the outcome, CME Group will support them in helping our clients grow their businesses.
Bryan T. Durkin: I think you would just note the success that we've had in our innovation and development of new products being responsive to changing dynamics in the marketplace itself. We're very proud of what we've done with the Deliverable Swap Futures, the Ultra Bonds, the Mid-Curve options, the E-micro FX the weeklies and the FX, as well as in the interest rates. And so we're drawing about 7% of our listed interest rate volume now coming from the development of new products and new product innovation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jillian Miller with BMO Capital Markets.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I was just wondering if you guys for market data, can you tell us what percentage of your current terminals have waived fees versus -- are paying fees?
James E. Parisi: No, we don't. I'm sorry, Jillian, we don't release that information.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, fair enough. And then just one other question, I know you raised your fee rates, obviously, in a lot of different categories in January. But from what I saw there weren't any changes made to volume tiers. And I was just wondering, whether you still might have some flexibility there to adjust it higher in 2014, especially, for like interest rates? Because a lot of the fee hikes were actually in ags, but where you've seen the most volume in open interest growth has been on the rate side. So I was not sure if there's more to do there?
James E. Parisi: So there were actually as part of the fee changes, there were some tier adjustments across various products. That's [indiscernible]. I don't know if there's any more to comment there.
Phupinder S. Gill: I think in terms of fees, this was a large-scale, across-the-board fee increase for us. But in terms of the tweaks that we can perform on the various contracts that we have, we will always look at the volumes and the trends. And if it make sense for us to adjust tiers, we can do that in very quick order.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on the cyber protection expenses. So, Jamie, you said that $8 million was split -- $8 million 3Q and 4Q. And I guess the question is, was the $8 million expected? Was that in the guidance for fourth quarter? Did you know -- would you expect or was that sort of a surprise as well? And do you have anything baked in for 2014? I missed that if you did already say it, on cyber protection in the expense guidance.
James E. Parisi: Rich, this is Jamie. It was not in the original guidance for Q4. This is kind of a little bit of a new ground in terms of the spend, so didn't have that in the guidance. As far as 2014 goes, whatever we need to spend on security of our systems and soundness of our systems is embedded in the $1.31 billion that we -- that I noted earlier.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And can I take one more crack at. Do you expect the mix to change back to the higher-paying buy-side clients in the OTC clearing? Possibly with the Feb 15 stuff implementation?
James E. Parisi: You know, Rich, it's hard to say. But I would -- I think a lot of them are already clearing with us. And if anything, they're looking for ways potentially to migrate to futures. So that may weigh on that percentage going forward on the -- as far as the OTC business goes, but obviously benefit the core.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Allen with Evercore.
Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just had -- what, actually 2 follow-ups. The building and other revenues, the decline in the quarter, was that driven by the sale of the NYMEX building? Is this a good run rate going forward?
James E. Parisi: In terms of the building and other, we saw lower compliance fines was part of that. Also the lower lease revenues from New York from the sale of the building was part of it. And then we also saw lower process servicing fees because of some year-end true-ups with some of our partners. So it was a mix of things. So in terms of a run rate, hard to give you a sense off of that. But I think that when we look at where we have been, you look probably at an average of this year, you're probably not too far off, and then adjust a little bit for the building revenues.
Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Got it. And just in the professional fees, so it's equal in terms of the cyber expenses this quarter and last quarter. But we still saw a roughly almost a $10 million sequential increase. Just wondering what was driving that? I'm not sure if I missed that earlier.
James E. Parisi: Well, you had a -- it was up -- it -- really driven by growth spent on growth initiatives, including international OTC, energy market distribution. And so that was what was really driving that on the professional fees side.
Operator: And our final question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just one more follow-up on the fee changes that Jillian just asked about. You're seeing 2% to 3% in aggregate. Maybe, Jamie, can you break it down a little bit more by product bucket? I think interest rates in ags, if you look at the fees scheduled get the most, but if you add some more detail you want to share, that would be great. And then related to that, obviously, you've been benefiting from the member/nonmember shift here a little bit, with everything going on with OTC to futures and things like that. I mean, that probably should continue to be in favor of nonmember, which are obviously higher? But anything that could change that in the near-term that you're seeing or do you think there's continuation of that trend?
James E. Parisi: I'll highlight, I'll touch on your question on the rates and maybe ask Bryan to comment on the second part. But on the rates, there's not too much more to add there, really in terms of the fee increases that we're putting in, there will be -- if you look at the larger impacts are likely on the commodity side, particularly in ags, with some of the lower -- the lowest impacts likely on the equity side. So it's kind of the way to think about where they are coming through and then the rest are kind of in the middle. And there's no real changes on the Eurodollar side.
Bryan T. Durkin: And then I would just touch on again, taking a look at the distribution of users and these products, we're seeing again a very nice uptick in participation across the asset management community, the hedge funds in the corporate, which are typically the higher-paying clients. And to reinforce what I'm saying, if you take a look at asset managers, usage of Eurodollar futures has increased significantly in the first half of the year, the asset management community represented about a million contracts of open interest, which was roughly 12% of our open interest, in line with the timing of the last Dodd-Frank clearing mandate. These holdings have increased substantially in the fourth quarter of this year to over 2.8 million contracts, which represents over 21% of the Eurodollar open interest. So again, reinforcing the increase to the utilization of the futures product from this client base.
Phupinder S. Gill: Just to finish Bryan's point, in terms of the trends that you asked about, if you look at the earnings call slides and you will see the trends there along the exactly the same lines of what Bryan is referring to there, increasing trends in terms of large open interest holders across some of the key asset classes. They are returning to 2006, 2007 levels, which is very encouraging for us.
Operator: I'll turn the call back over to the speakers.
Phupinder S. Gill: Okay, with that, thank you all very much. And we look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation. At this time you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John C. Peschier - Managing Director of Investor Relations Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee James E. Parisi - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director of Finance & Corporate Development Derek Sammann - Senior Managing Director of FX, Metals and Options Solutions Sean Tully - Managing Director of Interest Rate Products Terrence A. Duffy - Executive Chairman, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee Kimberly S. Taylor - President of CME Clearing House Division Bryan T. Durkin - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the CME Group Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'll turn the call over to Mr. John Peschier. You may begin, sir.
John C. Peschier: Thank you, and thank all of you for joining us this morning. Gill and Jamie will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the quarter, and then we'll open up the call for your questions. Terry, Bryan, Kim and Bob Zagotta, Head of Products and Services, are on the call; while Sean Tully, our Head of Rates and OTC; and Derek Sammann, who is in charge of Options, FX and Metals. Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on the call and in the slides on the website are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, which are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Gill.
Phupinder S. Gill: Good morning, and thank you for joining us this morning. I'm going to highlight CME Group's third quarter, and then turn it over to Jamie to review our financials. Our focus this morning is about what's new and relevant during the quarter. We've made some good traction since our last earnings call in terms of the core business and expanding our OTC clearing activity. Within our core futures complex, third quarter average daily volume was up 11% compared to the same period last year, driven primarily by continued strong growth in interest rate and mad metals. We drove strong growth in electronic trading volumes outside the U.S. in our entire business. For the third quarter, Latin America volumes are up 23%; Asia volumes are up 22%; and in Europe, activity rose 15% compared to the third quarter 2012. We have been investing considerable time and effort in these areas, and I'm glad to see it driving volume and revenue growth. In addition, we are making a concerted effort to drive growth in our options business globally. This business increased by 31% in third quarter 2013 versus last year. Both interest rate and equity options were up 54%, and FX options rose 32%. In September, our treasury options reached an all-time high of 57% electronically traded on CME Globex. Overall, in October, approximately 48% of our total options volume traded electronically compared to 35% in all of 2012. Additionally, options trading from European clients jumped by more than 100% in Q3 to more than 100,000 contracts per day. Asia and Latin America were each up over 70%. Lastly, within the natural gas options, our market share jumped above 70% in September compared to a range of 50% to 60% for much of the year. As I mentioned, one of the main drivers of the top line growth this quarter was interest rates. Average daily volume was 5.8 million contracts per day in Q3, up 27 -- up, I'm sorry, 29% versus Q3 2012, and open interest to-date through October was -- is up more than 60% since the beginning of the year. All 4 of the major components of our rates business, Eurodollar futures and options, and treasury futures and options, were up more than 20% in Q3. Eurodollar options volume had particular strength, up 56%, with volume rebounding in the front month of the curve during September, which we haven't seen in a long time. That is illustrated on Slide 10 in our earnings deck. Turning to interest rate OTC clearing. We continue to see a dramatic increase in our credit swaps business. Our market share in the dealer-to-client business has grown from 5% in Q1 to 14% in Q2, 31% in Q3 and 33% so far in Q4. We averaged $81 billion per day in the third quarter, doubling the activity from the second quarter 2013. So far, the fourth quarter is up 26% sequentially to $102 billion. Now that the 3 waves from the Dodd-Frank clearing mandate are behind us, the market is shifting from a compliance phase to an optimization phase. This is a common scene we hear from market participants in our meetings. With increasing client demand for greater capital efficiencies, we now have 6 clearing members live with portfolio margining of cleared OTC interest rate swaps and interest rate futures, including a few who started offering their solutions to customers within the last month. In addition, product expansion has also played a key role in market share gains. During the third quarter 2013, we launched the Singapore dollar, which is our 17th interest rate swap currency and puts us in line with our competitor. Open interest within OTC is something we and market participants are monitoring closely as we move closer to 50% market share. Interest rate swap open interest is currently north of $7.4 trillion and has increased by more than $3.2 trillion since our last earnings call. During this time, our main competitor has added about $500 billion. Clearly, we have done extremely well attracting Phase 2 clients, made up primarily of asset managers, insurance companies and GSEs, and we are pulling in more high turnover customers as well. The bottom line is winning the dealer-to-customer OTC business strengthens our overall franchise and opens up avenues for core revenue growth. Although it is very difficult to quantify and is still in early stages, we are seeing evidence that our interest rate complex is benefiting from a migration of activity from OTC into futures. Since May, we have seen more than 20% growth in our interest rate complex each month when compared to the same month of the prior year. This year, we have seen a significant shift in the use of treasury futures versus cash treasuries as evidenced by cash market penetration, which you can see on Slide 13. Our interest rate nonmetals percentage, which tends to be driven by the so-called real money clients, rose nicely from Q2 to Q3, which helped the rate per contract. In addition, if you look at the CFTC commitment of traders who bought on our website, it shows a noticeable increase in asset management participation within Eurodollars increasing from 11% of the open interest to more than 15%. Lastly, our Deliverable Swap Futures activity continues to grow. We had the strongest roll month in September. And building on that, in October, we had the strongest non-roll month to-date. During the turbulence of October, we performed relatively well despite market uncertainty related to the debt ceiling and the government shutdown. During several weeks, economic data was not readily available, and in some cases, the market adopted a wait-and-see approach as the situation developed. Nonetheless, we did what we do best, which is to continue to provide an avenue for our clients to manage risk and express their views. In October, our total average daily volume was up 12%, with rates up, as well as equities, which benefited from heightened volatility during an interesting month. I'm very excited about the growth trajectory of the company, and our entire employee base had done a tremendous job focusing on execution in the midst of a challenging macro backdrop with low interest rate environment. Now I will turn the call over to Jamie to discuss the financials.
James E. Parisi: Thank you, Gill, and good morning, everyone. Q3 was a solid quarter in many respects. Average daily volume was up 11% compared to the third quarter last year, outperforming our major peers. Adjusted EPS came in at $0.75, excluding FX-related benefits and several tax impacts. We have seen a drop in our overall tax rate this quarter, and the benefit will be ongoing, which I'll touch on later. Now let's get into some of the details, starting with revenue. The rate per contract for the third quarter was $0.762, up from $0.748 last quarter. The main driver was strong nonmember participation during Q3 relative to Q2, particularly in interest rates and energy. OTC swaps revenue for the quarter was up almost $5 million sequentially to $11.5 million, driven by a 100% jump in interest rate swap clearing activity. In addition to our success in attracting real money clients, we have also been successful in executing our strategy to attract high turnover clients, primarily large hedge funds, which on a sequential basis, led to a contraction in the average rate per million. I want to clarify that although the rate we capture has decline due to an increase in the mix of high turnover participants, we have been able to substantially grow the higher-paying customer base as well, which includes asset managers and insurance companies. During the third quarter, the total notional amount cleared by this customer segment was up 115% sequentially, with revenue up 94%. In comparison, during the same time frame, the total notional amount cleared by the high turnover participant base was up 138%, and revenue was up 125%. Overall, as Gill noted, we are pleased to see IRS in dealer-to-client market share jump from 5% in Q1 to 33% so far in Q4. Our Q3 interest rate product line revenue was up 32% to $181 million. And if you add the incremental interest rate swap revenue, the total rates related revenue was up 40%. That's our thinking about this business. The OTC clearing business is strengthening our overall interest rate franchise. Moving on. Total third quarter operating expense was $314 million, which included a foreign exchange benefit of $12 million, reversing the Q1 FX expense of the same amount. Excluding the FX benefit, as well as other items noted in the reconciliation, expenses would have been $325 million. As you'll recall, I guided to a higher expense level for the second half, and that is playing out. A couple of different areas that impacted us this quarter. The primary contributor to the sequential increase was in professional fees, which tends to have more variability than other expense lines from quarter-to-quarter. This was up $7.7 million versus prior quarter, due to an increase in IT and legal consulting fees, higher market studies expense and higher public relations and brand consulting fees. Within the compensation line, we had $3.2 million of deferred comp expense based on the strength of the equity market during the quarter. Keep in mind that this expense is offset 100% in the interest income line. Lastly, in Q3, license fees did not fall as much as would be expected from the seasonal decrease in equity volumes, as we are now recording our OTC revenue share expense in this line item. Turning to nonoperating income. The main thing to point out is interest expense dropped from $39 million to $35 million based on the pay-down of $750 million of debt in August. We expect that to increase back to $40 million in Q4 based on full quarter impact of the debt we took on in early September and an increase in our clearing house credit facility. The total interest expense and borrowing cost line is expected to drop by $30 million in 2014 to approximately $123 million from $153 million this year. We had put in place an interest rate lock in August of 2012, which generated $128 million, which is included in our current cash balance, and which also reduces the all-in accounting effective rate on our recent 30-year bond issuance by about 50 basis points to 4.8% per year. With respect to taxes, excluding the FX impact and noncash deferred tax items, as well as other prior year tax benefits, the effective tax rate was 35.6% this quarter. Turning to the balance sheet. We had almost $1.4 billion of cash and marketable securities, along with an additional $750 million held in cash for the February 2014 debt pay-down. During the third quarter, capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $36 million, bringing us to $91 million so far this year. In terms of guidance, I said last quarter we expected 2013 expenses to range from $1.25 billion to $1.26 billion, and I anticipate that expenses in Q4 will be close to $325 million, which means we expect to be nearer $1.26 billion, including $6 million of deferred compensation expense year-to-date. In terms of CapEx, I expect between $130 million and $140 million for the year, which is down from my prior estimate. Within market data, we recently announced to clients we are expanding our fees for professional screen from $70 per month to $85 per month beginning in January 2014. We are making very good progress in the sale of our building in New York City. Contrary to some media reports, we have not yet closed the transaction, although we are working diligently to complete it by year end. Assuming we close it, we plan to include the net proceeds in our annual variable dividend. For modeling purposes, you should know our cost basis for tax purposes is fairly low, so apply our tax rate to whatever you assume we will sell the building for to arrive at estimated cash flow. In contrast, there will likely be a loss for GAAP purposes as the building had been revalued on our balance sheet at the time we merged with NYMEX. Lastly, we've made some great progress on the tax front. We had previously guided in the 38% to 39% range. At this point, we expect 37% to 38% going forward in Q4 and beyond. In summary, we continue to focus on investing for the future. In particular, we have positioned ourselves to fully take advantage of the changing regulatory and competitive landscape, as well as the medium-term favorable cyclical trends. As always, while investing in our future, we also remain intensely focused on generating excess capital and returning it to our shareholders. With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: My question is on the OTC, Jamie. So it looks like in the quarter was really the tail of whatever 1 month -- or it was improved overall, but you're doing roughly $60 billion in the first 2 months and then $120 billion average in September. So I guess, the question is on the rate, what was the rate exiting when you really did -- when you jumped the average clearing level up to $120 billion? Was it above the $2.15 rate per million we calculate right now for the quarter?
James E. Parisi: Rich, if you look at the interest rate swap rate for the quarter, excluding CDS, we're around $2.70 per million for the quarter. And as we said in the -- as I said in my remarks, there was an increase -- bigger increase in the high turnover players than there were -- than there was in the real money players, resulting in kind of that decrement versus the prior quarter. Also in the quarter, we saw some of the shorter-dated products like FRAs and OIS grow as a percentage of the volumes. So there were about 22% of volume in Q1. They've grown to about 33% in Q3, and we're continuing to see that mix grow somewhat. And in September, it did grow versus August, and we did see a growth in the higher turnover relative to the real money in September as well. So likely, you would see a decrease in the September rate going coming out of the quarter.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And would that continue into -- October's running at about $100 billion. So similar trend, is that fair to say?
James E. Parisi: I haven't dived down into the October numbers yet. So it's hard for me to say exactly. But you'd think that those trends look like they were moving in that direction, so perhaps. Just overall, we're very pleased with the business, pleased to see the growth that we're getting there. And as Gill mentioned, it's really, I think, helping us in our core.
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Chen with Crdit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: A question for Jamie as well, this one on the variable dividend. Jamie, cash continues to build up nicely. Can you just update us on how much cash and working capital you'd like to hold for the business and tuck in acquisitions? And should we think of the $128 million of proceeds from that August interest rate swap lock as eligible for this year's variable dividend something you also want to pay back to shareholders?
James E. Parisi: Yes. Thanks, Howard. Yes, on the proceeds from the interest rate lock. That would just go into the cash balance that we would consider for a return. We haven't changed our guidance on the amount of cash we want to hold. Minimally, we want to have $700 million on the balance sheet to cover our skin in the game in the various financial safeguards package -- packages, as well as to have a little bit of cushion there. So that hasn't changed at all.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess, a little bit more big picture. I think one of the things Gill highlighted was the excitement about the options and the really strong growth there. So maybe you can give us a little bit more detail what really this is driving? I mean, is this just the macro-environment? Because you had talked about the low volatility environment little bit. But how much are you actually driving this to? I think a few years ago, there was a huge drive to get options a little bit more electronic. Are you educating your customer base more? So I guess, what I'm getting is, is this more macro? Or is this -- do you think this growth is sustainable and will continue even in a better, more volatile environment?
Phupinder S. Gill: Alex, this is Gill. I'm going to start, and I'm going to ask Mr. Sean Tully and Derek Sammann to add in their particular asset classes. I think, on both of those notes that you mentioned, there is a big macro affect, where the direction is clear, but the timing of the direction is not clear. So in times of uncertainties, such as those options become a very valuable tool. Regarding the electronification of options, it has been an effort of ours, particularly, I would say, in the last 9 months or so. And if you -- the results there across all the asset classes. Sean or Derek, would you like to add?
Derek Sammann: Sean, you're on the rates side?
Sean Tully: Sure. If I could jump in on the rate side, I think the question was in terms of the macro pictures, as well as driving the volumes. In terms of driving the volumes, over the last few years, we bid in a number of new interest rate options products. We added the weekly treasury options, the long green Eurodollar options, the blue mid-curve options, the gold mid-curve options, the purple mid-curve options. So we have been driving with increased product relative to the macro-environment. There's no question, the macro-environment has been very helpful, while the Eurodollar options in Q3 of this year versus Q3 of last year was up 54%. We had red mid-curves, for example, up 265%, and green mid-curves -- these are, again, mid-curves on the Eurodollar options, up 262%. But in addition to that, if we look at new products on the interest rate side, mostly options based over the last 3 years, they've contributed 315,000 ADV in Q3.
Derek Sammann: And just adding to that, I think, taking a step back in terms of the broader options business, we transacted a little over 2.2 million contracts in our options across-the-board across asset classes, and what we're recognizing is the scale and the scope of our cross-asset options is unique to this business. It's also unique in that volumes on the options side drives income from volumes for the delta hedgers into our futures business as well. So that incremental increase of electronification from 43% from 35% last year is significant and very intentional on the part of our sales teams in our effort to approach the market with a broader options sales pitch and the core capabilities that CME Group has across asset classes. You'll see here more from us on our overall options business going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jillian Miller with BMO Capital Markets.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So you guys, from what I recall, haven't changed your pricing tiers and rates, products since -- I want to say, since 2008. And more recently, you've had some really strong volume periods. And particularly on the long and the mid-curve, I think you're tracking above precrisis volume levels for 2013. So I just wanted to kind of see what your thoughts are on the potential opportunities for raising volume tiers, especially in the treasury products, just given the more positive volume outlook?
James E. Parisi: Yes. This is Jamie, Jillian. I think you're absolutely right. Before the crisis hit roughly every 18 months or so, because of the way the volumes are growing, we were adjusting our tiers, particularly on the interest rate products. We pulled back from that, obviously, during the crisis as our customers were suffering as well. But as we come out and as we see sustained growth in those volumes, we'll certainly be taking a look at that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I guess, Jamie, just thinking about expenses, maybe into -- even into next year when you're budgeting, if we look at kind of the last few years and the revenue environment, assume that continues into next year, is there any either step-up, step-down or movement in expenses that you would highlight, given kind of the investments you guys have been making and potentially need to make going forward?
James E. Parisi: I think what you've heard us say before is over the long run, we would anticipate our expenses to grow in the mid-single digits. I don't anticipate it being too different than that in the coming year. Certainly, we've been making investments over the last several years in growth opportunities, so those -- many of those are already built into our base, although there are, obviously, incremental expenses as we grow those offerings further. So I don't see any giant moves. I mean, one of the things I highlighted in my comments was the -- while overall interest expense is lower, there is a higher expense next year because we have a significant increase in our clearing house credit facility. Going into next year, that will be one thing that we'll add, as an example, but will look for other ways to control expenses.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neve Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: The residual interest -- I guess, the CFTC just passed last week, say, various consumer protections. But one of the issues that's been kind of a discussion topic among all the FCMs has been the residual interest requirement and how that's going to significantly increase the capital they'd be required to keep. And we think it's going to be really tough for some of the smaller FCMs to stay in the business to that effect. How do you think about how these impact your business? Because I've heard how your chairman's presented to regulators their thoughts on it, and it didn't seem very positive. So help me think about, okay, it's been passed, so what's next and how to think about potential impacts?
Phupinder S. Gill: Neve, Terry Duffy is on the line. Terry, are you there?
Terrence A. Duffy: Yes, I'm here, Gill. Do you want me to start, Gill, or no?
Phupinder S. Gill: Sure.
Terrence A. Duffy: Neve, on that residual interest, and as you know, we felt that was a very flawed proposal from the beginning. We worked very closely with the smaller FCMs and with the agricultural community. I testified just as well as 2 weeks ago with the agricultural community and other participants, and it was the first time in my 20-year history that I've seen all sides -- both sides of the aisle agree that this rule was not -- it was fought with all kinds of dangers, and it was, obviously, the CFTC took notice, and they switched to the rule, which was originally an FIA proposal, which has nothing for the first -- next year, so it will stay as the same as it is. And then it'll go to the T1 at 6:00 p.m. the following day, and then 5 years from now, it could go to 9:00 a.m. So that's 5 years away that could happen. We're going to continually work with ag groups and with the CFTC and with the folks on the Hill to make sure that we get the 5-year piece removed from this. It makes no sense. If it made any sense at all, they would have been posted on day 1, not 5 years down the road. So we feel fairly confident that this residual interest rule is basically dead.
Phupinder S. Gill: Neve, if I can add, I think the CFTC, to the Chairman's point, has also committed to complete an analysis in the next 2.5 years or so. And I think the experience that the FCM community shares in the next 2.5 years is going to be important with respect to what the CFTC would decide. So the compromised solution that they came up with was to extend the time. I think the next few years is going to be very important here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMC.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just on the interest rate swap volume. It still seems pretty tepid versus original investor and also market participant expectations. I guess, first, do you share this view? Second, is there an explanation? I guess this could just be early days, and there's more volume to come, or maybe there's something that we've all just been missing. And then third, given the size of the OTC market, there would still seem to be the potential for meaningful upside like orders of magnitude, better volumes than we're seeing today. Is that potential still realistic? Or based on what we have seen and maybe now know, is that really off the table?
Phupinder S. Gill: Ken, I'll ask Sean to chime in on this.
Sean Tully: Sure. I think we've seen very good growth. If you look at our market share this year, it went from 5% in Q1 to 14% in Q2 to 31% in Q3 and 33% so far in Q4. So we have seen a very good growth. That 33% market share is of the dealer-to-customer business, and obviously, that's being driven out of the Dodd-Frank regulations where we've seen a Category 1, Category 2, Category 3 phases this year. We do expect further growth. We do expect increased -- hope for an increased market share. But in addition to that, we will see increasing products. As Mr. Gill have mentioned earlier, we're now clearing 17 different currencies, but we'll be -- we will continue to increase our product scope with increases -- we will be adding emerging -- some additional emerging marked currencies in the near future. And there will be other OTC products that we'll be adding. In addition to that, you have to look for Europe. The mandate to clear has not yet hit Europe, and we expect the mandate to hit Europe, probably, the end of 2014 or sometime in 2015. So with the increased product scope, increased market share, as well as increased requirements to clear, we think there's a lot of runway.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. But Europe is about 1/2 the market though, and we're clearing $100 billion a day. That doesn't -- still doesn't get to the orders of magnitude that the size of the market might have originally suggested. Any thoughts there?
Sean Tully: Yes. We've been focused on the dealer-to-customer business. Obviously, the dealer-to-dealer business is quite large as well. And we believe that with our portfolio margining, we have a unique value proposition, where people can portfolio margin between CME's interest rate futures and our -- the swaps cleared at CME Group. We believe that we'll be able to penetrate other parts of the market as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a numbers question here. The fee increase you're going to be expecting in market data beginning next year, what kind of impact do you expect that to have on revenue?
James E. Parisi: If you were just to hold terminals constant, which you have to make your own estimates about that, but if you held terminals constant, I want to say it's roughly a $50 million impact on revenues next year, again, assuming that you don't see a decrement in terminals as a result.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Allen with Evercore.
Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Actually, if I could just follow-up on that question a little bit. The fee increase per screen, it's about 21% this time versus roughly about 12% increase for the last 2x you increased it. I'm just wondering: a, what's driven the magnitude of the increase here? And also if could you give us any sense in terms of what's been the usual screen decline when you see in your revenue -- I'm sorry, the rate increases before?
James E. Parisi: Sure. When you look at the rate that we're putting in -- the new rate that we're putting in place, it's, I'd say, very competitive. In fact, I want to say it's below what some of the key competitors have out there now or what they've announced. So we feel very comfortable around that. If we look at what's happened in the past around terminals, it very much depends on the environment that we're in. If you went back several rate increases ago, you wouldn't really have seen much of an impact on the number of terminals. The last one, you probably did see more of an impact, but it's also coupled with some legacy -- issues around some legacy incentives that we have in place, and we're taking a look at those as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Chen with Crdit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just broad regulatory question. We've seen some stops and starts for the CFTC SEF mandate. With, I think, the expiration of the no action in the last week, I was just hoping you could talk about what you're seeing in the market and what you're hearing from customers.
Phupinder S. Gill: Howard, this is Gill. I'll stop, and I'll ask Kim to add as she's been working with a lot of the firms. I think on the SEF front, they're still in the very early stage -- stages, a lot of FCM, in particular, are a little bit concerned about the lack of consistent rules and a lot of these so-called SEFs have. The SEFs are working very closely with both their clients, as well as the FCMs to try and get these trades done. There's some confusion when trades coming from a SEF versus from some other venue. It doesn't give the FCMs, particularly the large FCMs, enough time to accept the trades. That's one example. So there's a lot of what I'll call early stage pains that both FCMs, as well as client and SEFs are going through, and those things will shake themselves out in the coming weeks.
Kimberly S. Taylor: The only thing that I would add as another example of the way that the SEF mandate is changing the way business is done. And actually, we're very well positioned to benefit from this change in this particular respect and with regard to bunched orders. The execution of very large orders, and then the allocation of those orders out to multiple accounts, the way that the workflow for that occurred prior to the SEF mandate is very different from the way that the customers want it to occur going forward, and we've already been able to accommodate the ability to do what I'll call post-clearing allocations of bunched orders, which was a new service, and being very well received.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And my second follow-up, Gill, you highlighted the global expansion. I was hoping you could just dig a little bit deeper into Brazil, specifically in your various partnerships with BM&FBOVESPA and give us a deeper update there.
Phupinder S. Gill: Sure, Howard. The growth rate for Latin America is very high. The base volume that we are working off is still low. It's about $60 million, I think, we're going to get in for the year. The Brazilian environment, as you know, continues to be a challenging one, and we are working with both the exchange, as well as the various regulators there to talk about the timing of the change -- changes of some tax laws that have to take place before the Brazilians can take advantage of what we are offering. I'm also going to ask Bryan to chat a little bit on what he's seeing there.
Bryan T. Durkin: In anticipation of change occurring from the macro-environment, we've really intensified our efforts in developing central bank programs. So we're -- we've got boots on the ground where we're intensifying the educational efforts and the draw of business into our panoply of products. So we're very pleased to see the growth trends, given the fairly muted environment that we're working under and just positioning ourselves for that change.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A couple of follow-ups for me, too. First of all, Jamie, from -- on the licensing fees, you talked about, I think, the OTC revenue sharing there. But in general, can you just maybe remind us what's in there and maybe the magnitude of the differences just in terms of the equity, fees with S&P and the ClearPort OTC fees and then also, I guess, on the clearing side, or whatever else is in there and how that's been trending?
James E. Parisi: Sure. On the -- you hit all the main components. It's the equity license fees from S&P, NASDAQ, Dow, et cetera, are in there. You've got the ClearPort fee sharing, and you've got this, now, the OTC revenue sharing. So generally, I'd say the equity license fees are the largest component, followed by the energy component and then followed by the OTC share. Just to be clear, in this quarter, the OTC revenue share amount that we booked in there included some catch-up for prior quarters as well.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. But you can't give us exact numbers or anything close in terms of percentages?
James E. Parisi: No.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then secondly, just coming back to, I think, Howard's original question on the dividend and the appetite there. I mean, it looks like you have, I mean, significant cash buildup, and there will be more by the time you want to pay this dividend. So if you think about the variable dividend, do you really still see or does the board when you talk to them still view this as a true variable onetime? Or could you make an argument where you should bring it up in nice amounts from last quarter, and then maybe over from last year, and then maybe start thinking about repurchases a little bit more again? Or is this really just, this is what it's going to be and expect most of us to be paid out?
James E. Parisi: I would say that the philosophical bend is absolutely towards the dividends, so I wouldn't expect any buybacks of any significant nature going forward, at least in the near term. And it's the -- you called -- you said onetime around that dividend, but it is really an annual variable recurring dividend. So I think it's a bit of a unique structure, as we've discussed before. And I'd say both the board and the management is very comfortable with the way that's been working out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Broader finance question. How should we expect your capital needs to change as your swaps business gets larger?
James E. Parisi: The amount -- you mean, our capital requirements on the organization?
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Exactly.
James E. Parisi: I don't see them changing all that significantly. The capital requirements tend to be, for the most part, tied to the size of the annual expense for the business. So I don't see large increases there. And then we also size our contribution to the financial safeguards package in a very conservative fashion, so we feel very comfortable with the amount that we've got there as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jillian Miller with BMO Capital Markets.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: On portfolio margining, I know you said 6 clearing members are live, but I just want to get an idea for what percentage of your business that represents. Like, are we talking about 10% or 15% of your cleared interest rates swaps that's benefiting from that now? Or is it 50% or more?
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. That 6 clearing members and their participation is yielding about $1 billion worth of margin savings, and it's currently a small percentage of the overall business. So firms are still coming up to speed there.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Does that -- does the rollout of that, I guess, to a larger percentage of your business, does that mean that you're going to gain more share? Is that your expectation? Or do you think that everybody's kind of already baking that eventuality into where they're doing their business right now?
Phupinder S. Gill: I think from an anticipation point of view, a lot of firms have started to test how this would actually work because it can be -- unless you have automated the process, it can be very manually intensive. So what a lot of firms have been doing over the last 6 months or so is making sure they have the process to automate those spreads. The opportunity beyond the existing open interest on the rate side against the OTC open interest is on a going-forward basis, as firms can put on or clients can put on positions that are risk-minimizing or risk-neutral on a going-forward basis and eventually get to an optimized state, where they can use some portion of their business will be in futures and options, and some portion would be in swaps. So there are 2 ways to look at this opportunity: one, with respect to the existing open interest in the futures side; and secondly, on a going-forward basis, with the deliverable swap futures, the clearing of the swaps, and more development on the futures side would be the opportunity that our firms would have.
James E. Parisi: And just to add on to that. I mean, I think, we have to keep in mind that we're just off the heels of the mandate states themselves. And so in our interaction through our sales calls, the firms are saying, "Look, first and foremost, we need to make sure that we just got compliant." Now we're really spending our time on how to most effectively utilize our capital and any opportunities that you have. Specifically from a margin savings perspective, we're very keen to be able to test and see how that benefits our firm. So we're going through that optimization phase now.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then just -- can you update us on the London exchange? I think it's been delayed a couple of times. I'm not sure exactly why and what the expectation is for that.
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes. This is Gill. The delay has to do with a technical issues surrounding the delivery of foreign exchange. So we are working very hard with the Bank of England and the FCA, and we hope to have an announcement very soon there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Just to follow up, I guess, on regulation for Terry. And it looks like the EUREX has put in some curves or very, what do you call it, far-out curves on high-frequency trading on order trade ratios and usage fees. And I guess, the question, Terry, do you think this is just their response to pressure that was just geographical in Germany? Or do you think that this is a trend that you guys might look at? And I know the equity exchanges didn't really follow up through, but you do got the concept release. So I guess, what do you think of what EUREX is doing in that area?
Terrence A. Duffy: Rich, I don't have the detailed information on what EUREX did. I can only go off what I've said publicly and what others have said publicly. We think that HFT trading as deposal liquidity, which benefits the participants and duly risk transfer at the lowest cost price. So we focus on the regulatory issues around HFT, and then make sure that we can show confidence in the marketplace that nothing nefarious is going on, and we've done a really good job doing that, and we're going to continue to support that model. There's no reason for us to change our structure right now as it relates to HFTs -- because again, we think they had deposal liquidity to the marketplace. So again, I'm not up to speed. Others in the room might have a better idea of what EUREX did.
James E. Parisi: I would just add to what the chairman just stated that the main focus of what we're looking at in the context of this whole topic is ensuring that you have the appropriate risk management mechanisms in place, many of which we're -- we've been an industry leader in dealing with credit controls, dealing with a appropriate level of order-to-trade ratios in terms of messaging policies, to maintain the efficiency of the experience for all users on a platform. So from our perspective, I think, as the chairman indicated, we've held a pretty firm line in that respect in terms of the benefits of this type of user base, but ensuring that we have the appropriate protocols in place to ensure a consistent experience for all market users.
Terrence A. Duffy: Let me just follow-on real quick because what I will say is, as you know, we've dealt a lot with over speculations in the energy markets over the last several years. We're in Washington quite a bit as you know. I do think that you will see a lot of headlines as relates to the HFTs that we have over the last several months. That won't go away. That doesn't mean anything's going to change, but the headlines will still remain to be there.
Operator: And our final question comes from Neve Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I guess, maybe, if you could pick which one you want to answer then or maybe I'll get both, but the access fees and collocations, things like that. And that had been something that you had been guiding to grow as you build out the data center, and that was something kind of you have been investing in for some years. So can you help me there, Jamie, and think about the growth potential in that revenue line? And then you've mentioned it in your prepared remarks as well, and I'm wondering if Sean might or Derek might address it, it's just some anecdotal evidence of futures instead of swaps. I mean, what data points are you looking at for evidence of this? I mean, you're closest to it. We're watching open interest as well. But what are the areas could you point to us to kind of look at, maybe some futures credit instead of swaps, instead of just clearing swaps as the way of your kind of revenue growth?
James E. Parisi: On that first one, Neve, I'll just say we're not prepared to give any updated guidance around collo. Certainly, we saw kind of people rationalizing the space that they were taking the facility. We have seen some customer growth there. And you just keep in mind that it is still a very profitable business for us. I want to say the margins this last quarter were well -- were over 50% in that business. So as you know, very -- it's a very good addition for us, and it's going to be market driven. So we'll continue to wait to see where the demand comes from and look for new ways to leverage that facility. Yes, Sean. Sean, you want to add a little -- talk on that second point?
Sean Tully: Sure. In terms of the move of people into our futures complex, we're seeing it in a couple of different ways. We look at a cash penetration -- or cash market penetration of our treasury futures. That is a metric that we've been following for a number of years. We recently reached a new peak in that. And although that's fallen off a bit in the last couple of months, we do remain around the peak level. So we did exceed the 2007 peak. Another way, anecdotally, that we look at this is we can look at EFRs, or exchange for risk transactions, which are spread trades between CME treasury futures and interest rate swaps. In the kind of traditional interest rate swap world, a very popular trade is in interest rate spread or a transaction which is an interest rate swap traded as a spread to a cash treasury instrument. In the new world, it's far more efficient to represent that trade as a CME cleared interest rate swap against the CME interest rate future. So our way of representing it now represents nearly the same risk, but you can get up to 85% margin savings relative to the portfolio margining that we talked about earlier. In terms of EFRs, if you look at volumes in 2013, overall year-to-date volumes in 2013 versus 2012, average daily volume in 2012 was about 19,000 a day. 2013 was about 48,000 a day so far. So we're seeing a very large increase in people beginning to look at ways to use our unique value proposition, I think, for the portfolio margining with interest rate swaps, plus our futures complex, to represent strategies that have been in place for a long time, but in a much more efficient manner.
James E. Parisi: Just a couple of things to add to that. The member, nonmember mix has trended positively over the last few months. In interest rates, you've seen a pickup of about a 1% nonmember mix there in this quarter versus last year. And then finally, as we noted in the prepared remarks, the interest rate revenue is up 40% in total versus last year. So I think all those are supportive of what Sean was pointing out.
Operator: I think, at this time, I'll turn the call back over to the speakers.
Phupinder S. Gill: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning, and we look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you, and this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your line.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jennifer George Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee James E. Parisi - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director of Finance & Corporate Development Bryan T. Durkin - Chief Operating Officer Terrence A. Duffy - Executive Chairman, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee
Analysts: Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Kenneth Hill - Barclays Capital, Research Division Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Kenneth M. Leon - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research
Operator: Welcome to CME Group Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Jennifer George. You may begin.
Jennifer George: Thank you for joining us. Gill and Jamie will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the second quarter, and then we will open up the call for your questions. Terry, Bryan and Bob are on the call as well and will participate in the Q&A. Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the slides on our website that are historical -- that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, which are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Gill.
Phupinder S. Gill: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm going to highlight CME Group's second quarter, and then turn it over to Jamie to review our financials. I'm pleased to announce strong results for the second quarter, highlighted by multiple records across our industry-leading diverse portfolio of products. Within our core futures, we are seeing a glimpse of how our complex will perform as our economy improves and government intervention recedes. There's a lot of interesting activity happening within our interest rates, OTC and energy complexes, which I'll spend some time discussing this morning, along with a few other areas. Second quarter average daily volume was 14.3 million contracts, up 16% from the second quarter of last year. In addition to robust activity from U.S. customers, we had strong growth in electronic trading volumes outside of the U.S. Asia volumes were up 28% on our Globex electronic trading platform. European volumes were up 18% compared to second quarter 2012, and our emerging Latin America business rose 40%. Open interest also jumped 26% year-to-date, up to 88 million contracts, driven by broad-based growth across our product complex, including euro dollar and treasury options, E-mini options, WTI futures, natural gas, gold futures and corn. Additionally, the second phase of the OTC clearing mandate was completed successfully on June 10, and we are steadily picking up market share versus LCH SwapClear. Turning to the highlights of our core. Our interest rate complex continues to perform well. Second quarter average daily volume was 6.8 million, up 33% compared to the same period last year. Treasury average daily volume was 3.8 million overall, up 38% compared to last year, with strong growth in options, up 82% versus the same period last year. We set an all-time treasury futures volume record in May, which exceeded the prior record in February. Euro dollars futures and options averaged 3 million contracts per day, up 28% versus the second quarter 2012. July volumes there remain strong, relatively speaking, up 28%. Turning to OTC clearing, as I mentioned earlier, there has been a nice increase in activity following wave 2 of the Dodd-Frank clearing mandate that started on June 10. Category 2 clients have overwhelmingly chosen CME Clearing, and Category 1 hedge funds and international dealers are shifting more of their volume to what they consider to be the most capital efficient clearing solution, which is CME. At this point, over 300 institutions have cleared trades with us. We had 29 new clients in July, who had not previously traded on our platform. This momentum has led to strong sequential growth in the daily notional amount cleared in interest rate swaps. Second quarter averaged $41 billion per day, tripling activity during the first quarter. Third quarter to date is currently at $62 billion per day. Our dealer-to-customer market share has grown from 5% in Q1 to 23% in July. In addition, open interest increased by more than 100% during the last 2 months from $2 trillion to over $4 trillion, with over 3,600 client accounts currently holding open positions, while our competitors' open interest grew by 6% during the same period. Since May 31, combined IRF open interest between CME and LCH has increased by $2.5 trillion, and we have accounted for $2 trillion or over 80% of that amount. I believe this indicates we have done very well attracting Phase 2 clients, made up primarily of asset managers, insurance companies and GSEs to our platforms. We plan to build on this momentum and continue to focus on our entire suite of rate offerings, including core futures and options, the Deliverable Swap Futures, as well as cleared swaps. On August 26, we are launching 4 additional currencies of IRF, bringing our total to 17. At this point, our global interest rate swap product scope will be completely in line with the competition. In addition, one of our significant value propositions is portfolio margining. Four clearing members are now live with our solution, and we expect an additional 2 to 3 to be live by the end of this month. We made progress with our Deliverable Swap Futures contract, which increased in average daily volume from 3,100 in Q1 to 5,500 in Q2. We set a daily record volume of 30,000 contracts traded on June 5. It is still early in the process, but this product stands out as an early success story on the futures side post-Dodd Frank, with near 64,000 contracts of open interest currently in place. Turning to FX. Second quarter volume grew by 13% to a record of more than 1 million contracts, equating to $127 billion per day of notional. This was driven by a quarterly record in the Japanese yen product, in addition to several other currency pairs. FX options also continued to be strong, up 36% in Q2 versus the same period last year. It is important to note that we saw particular strength in terms of trading from Asia during the quarter, which grew 48% year-over-year. This continues to speak to the continued FX market share gains we are achieving on a global basis. Equities have also performed well. Second quarter average daily volume was 3.1 million contracts, up 5% versus second quarter 2012, and June was up 10%. E-mini options were up 67% in the second quarter versus last year, supported by expanded participation in our weekly and monthly options. In addition, we had record quarterly volume in our Nikkei 225 yen-based product, and volume tripled in our Nikkei 225 dollar-based compared to the prior year. Lastly, open interest is up 22% year-to-date, which bodes well as potentially more assets flow into equities. Our metals complex also continues to benefit from recent volatility. This led to a quarterly average daily volume record of 471,000 contracts, up 27%. Driving this result is strong growth in our gold and copper bond contracts. In addition, open interest has grown 29% year-to-date. Turning to agriculture commodities. The complex continues to perform well following a year of record volatility, driven by last year's extreme drought-like conditions in the Midwest. Lastly, I will touch on our energy complex, where a lot has changed since our last call. Overall, energy volumes strengthened during the second quarter, and in July, we were up 11% compared to the same period last year. Focusing on crude, during 2011 and 2012, we were very consistent in our discussion with our investors and the media about the issues at Cushing and the impact on our TI business and our view that ultimately, the spread between the TI and Brent would tighten as infrastructure changes took root. That has occurred. Supplementing that, early in the year, we made a concerted effort to intensify our dialogue with important energy-related participants in the U.S., Europe, Asia and the Middle East. We have had the opportunity to discuss the infrastructure impact and our strategy of offering a full suite of crude products, including TI, Brent and our growing Omani product with many clients. In addition to crude, we engaged in dialogue about natural gas, refined products and the other 5 CME Group product areas. Terry and I have been spending a lot of time on the road, along with other senior executives, and helping our sales force. Indeed, 2 weeks ago, we were in London, Geneva, Singapore, Shanghai and Tokyo with many important energy participants, including large integrated trading houses and producers. In terms of performance, we had open interest records in both the TI and the Brent futures contracts during the month of June. Given the heavy focus of energy participants on the current shift in crude oil share, the marketplace has taken notice of our WTI, regaining a leading position in June and July as the spread has shrunk. Average daily volume in our Brent Futures contracts has growth from 24,000 in Q1 to 37,000 in Q2 to near 54,000 in July. Importantly, we are seeing excellent commercial participation and rising open interest. The main driver of commercial participation in our Brent contract is the fact that these clients are leveraging the capital efficiencies across our full suite of refined products and crude. In particular, with significant capital efficiency in certain crack spread trades. Finally, our DME product continues to build from a smaller base and has averaged 8,000 contracts per day in July, up from around 6,000 contracts per day in the first half of the year. In other words, we are close to hitting the inflection point. In summary, there's a lot of work left to be done in the energy sector, and we are committed to help our clients with a wide range of solutions. One final note on the core derivatives business, we had record total volume and revenue from Asia during the second quarter. As I mentioned earlier, we saw 28% second quarter volume growth, with average daily volume exceeding 500,000 contracts per day for the first time. Transaction fee revenue jumped 30% to $42 million during the quarter. Interestingly, all 6 product areas grew, with particular strength in FX, Ags and interest rates. In summary, although we're very pleased with the strong result from the quarter and the momentum we have experienced during the first half of the year, we are not satisfied. We still have plenty of work to do to keep the company well-positioned once we get past the headwinds we have faced over the last few years. However, what you saw during the quarter is the strength and capability of our core futures complex and ones we do with multiple records across the product portfolio. Our global growth strategy, which includes launching the exchange in Europe later this year, pending the completion of regulatory review, will further build on our potential, and we are extremely excited about the future of CME Group. Now I'll turn over the call to Jamie to discuss the financials.
James E. Parisi: Thanks, Gill, and good morning, everyone. Q2 was a excellent quarter in many respects. Volume was up 16% compared to second quarter last year. Sequentially, volume was up 15%, and total revenue was up 14%. While revenue was up almost $100 million sequentially, expenses were up only $9 million, reflecting an incremental margin of 90%. Let me start the Q2 discussion with revenue. The rate per contract for the first quarter was $0.748, down from $0.785 last quarter. The largest driver was product mix. While we saw volume increases across all of the product lines, lower average fee products, like our interest rate contracts, saw a 21% volume growth versus 10% for all other products. The next largest driver of the lower average rate in Q2 was volume discounts, which impacted us in rates and FX, with the volume surge from March to June. And lastly, we continued to aggressively incent growth in our energy products. Second quarter other revenues was $24 million, which included $5 million of business interruption insurance claims related to the coordinated market closure due to Hurricane Sandy last year. Moving on, total second quarter operating expenses was $308 million, including a foreign exchange benefit of $1.6 million. Additionally, as a result of volume and revenue growth, we saw sequential increases of $6 million in license fees and $5 million in our Q2 bonus accrual. Breaking down operating expense in more detail. Compensation and benefits was $129 million, down slightly from the prior quarter. Lower payroll-related benefit costs and vacation accruals followed the normal seasonal pattern, dropping from Q1, and were offset by the higher bonus expense I just mentioned. Headcount at the end of the quarter was approximately 2,680, up 65 during the quarter, primarily driven by customer-facing hires in products and services and clearing, along with additional technology employees added in Northern Ireland. Overall, our teams are committed to being as efficient as we can on the cost front, even as macro conditions improve. We saw our operating margin during the quarter improve to more than 62%, up significantly from Q1. Turning to nonoperating income. As we indicated on the last earnings call, we recorded 2 dividends from BVMF, totaling $15.6 million. Equity in gains in unconsolidated subsidiaries was $20.2 million, with $21.4 million coming from the S&P Dow Jones joint venture. The uptick was driven by our increase in ownership, as well as the increase in equity volume and completion of the integration of the 2 businesses. Turning to taxes. The effective tax rate was consistent with Q1 at approximately 38.7%. On the balance sheet, we had more than $2 billion of cash and marketable securities following 2 tax payments during the quarter. $750 million of this cash will be used today to pay down maturing debt that we had pre-funded late last year. As a result, we expect interest expense to drop approximately $3.4 million per month as we eliminate the double carry. During the second quarter, capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $36 million, bringing us to $55 million so far this year. In terms of guidance, we expect 2013 expense to range from $1.25 billion to $1.26 billion. The expansion of the range is being driven by volume performance, which impacts the variable expenses I mentioned earlier. In terms of specific line items, I expect compensation to be higher in the second-half, driven by new hires, higher professional fees based on growth-oriented projects we are working on and higher other expense due to back-end loaded marketing and customer events. Turning to CapEx guidance. We are lowering our guidance to $140 million. That's the lower end of the previously provided range. In summary, we continue to focus on investing for the future. In particular, we have positioned ourselves to fully take advantage of the changing regulatory and competitive landscape, as well as the medium-term favorable cyclical trends. As always, while investing in our future, we also remain intensely focused on generating excess capital and returning it to our shareholders. With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. As we did last quarter, given the number of analysts who cover us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Please feel free to get back in the queue if you have further questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rich Repetto.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Yes, Sandler O'Neill. So my question, Gill, is on OTC. If you back into -- and Jamie. If you back into the rate per million cleared, it looks like -- it was -- it looks like it could have even be lower than the first quarter. We were expecting it to jump with Phase 2. Can you give us a little bit of color what's going on there and sort of the rate that you exited the quarter? And then just a little bit more broadly, the whole OTC strategy. Now that you've got the SEF starting to approve and your DSF contracts sort of gaining some momentum as well.
James E. Parisi: Sure, this is Jamie. I'll start. In Q1, the interest rate average rate per million was about $2.75. In the current quarter, it's about $2.38. Remember, we're going through the whole transition as we're going through Phase 1 and Phase 2. The mix of the high turnover volume in that was variable between those quarters. So it's going to take some time for us to get to a steady state to see what that's going to be. And if you look at the July -- July, we're probably -- we've picked up some. Volume in the area of $2.60-ish in July on interest rate swaps. So we're starting some tick back up in that rate.
Phupinder S. Gill: Rich, with respect to the second part of your question, we have been extremely consistent, in that our focus was going to be on the clearing of swaps because it was going to be very beneficial to our client base with respect to margin offset. And to the extent that the client had additional needs, such as the Deliverable Swap Futures, we will roll such products out too. So what we are doing and what we are executing on is extremely consistent with what we have been saying.
James E. Parisi: And sorry, Rich, I meant to say June, not July, for that $2.58.
Operator: And the next question comes from Howard Chen with Crdit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: One of your competitors was recently named the administrator of the LIBOR contract. You've been really active in building index services over the past few years. So I was just hoping you could discuss why a role like that might not make sense for you. And any level of concern that you have that a new administrator of that contract can alter licensing, expenses and exclusivity agreements over time.
Phupinder S. Gill: Sure. Howard, I'll take a crack at that. We did significant due diligence on this when the opportunity first arose. And we made the determination there was not much of an opportunity there to serve as an administrator. The existing license that we have from the BBA, that will continue to be in force, even under the new administrator. The new regulation in the U.K. around LIBOR that was implemented earlier this year, it's clear that all the entities must have open access to the benchmark. So we don't expect the non-exclusive license for either Euribor or LIBOR to change that will provide any kind of advantage to any administrator. So there was no -- there did not seem to be any particular upside for us.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Allen with Evercore.
Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I just want to talk a little bit about energy. You mentioned the aggressive discounting on pricing. And obviously, that's held back the revenue expansion over the prior 2 quarters despite some very solid volume growth. I'm just wondering how to think about that going forward. Any timeframe on when the discounts may fade? The sustainability of Brent volumes without those discounts? Any color on that will be great.
Bryan T. Durkin: Chris, it's Bryan. You need to take a close look at the progress that we've achieved. Recall the representations that we've made over the last couple of earnings reports, which was, our goal has been, all along, to continue to grow the portfolio of energy products that we represent. We've achieved great growth and recovered a majority of percentage of the WTI activity overall. We're seeing very nice trends with the Brent volume, as you've indicated. And then if you take a more holistic look at the other products, particularly heating oil, RBOB, gas/oil, and the ability to spread amongst those products, we're seeing a nice uptick across each and every one of those products, as well as the open interest. And we're looking to continue growing that involvement. So one of the key things for us has been incorporating greater growth within Brent from the commercial participation side of it, and we're seeing nice involvement there. So the goal here is to continue building up the market share across the quadrants.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kenneth Hill with Barclays.
Kenneth Hill - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So I think initially, when we -- the first 2 mandates kind of rolled out, you saw customers more focused on the blocking and tackling, kind of getting operationally ready. And then you mentioned kind of recently, you've seen the Category 1 customers start considering the solutions based on capital requirements. So where are you kind of with the Category 2 folks? Have they started going through that process right now? And what are you guys doing to facilitate some of those discussions?
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I'll start, and Bryan or Bob might want to add. I think we're actively working with the Category 2 clients, who are coming directly to us from a non-cleared solution that they were currently in. For the Category 1 clients, they are the ones that are moving their open interest from the LCH to us, principally because of the capital efficiencies that they see, and other product development opportunities that they might have down the road. Keep in mind that even though this is an OTC-cleared solution for both LCH and ourselves, LCH simply accepts OTC swaps as they come in to them. CME actively also launches futures products that will add to the capital efficiencies that most of our clients need. That's a very important differentiator as we go down the road between what LCH will provide to their client base versus what CME can provide to the same clients.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMC.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'd like to get more information to help us understand the outlook for the OTC clearing revenue ramp. So with that in mind, what percentage of the market do you think has kind of signed up and is clearing at this point? Maybe what portion of the marketable products have you yet to list? And I don't know if I can ask this, but how do you expect the pricing to ramp over time as the initial incentives, I guess, expire or roll off? So any flavor on any of those would be very helpful.
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I will start. I think once August 26 comes along, we will have the full suite of products that are out there. There are some products that are -- have traditionally been labeled as not clearable swaptions, is one such product that is out there. We are working very actively with both the banks, as well as the buy-side, to try and solve these issues to see if they indeed can be solved so they can -- we can bring in more capital efficiencies to our client base. In the meantime, in terms of the size of the product that come on in or the amount of product that we have cleared, I think by the time you get to the end of the second quarter of next year, the vast majority of the products would have been cleared. And then the only remaining question at that point is what is the most capital-efficient place for you to pass the open interest that you might have? So you have the euro dollar portfolio that we have here. You have the treasury complex, you have the billable swaps, huge futures that we have. You have all the product development opportunities that lie ahead of us versus the OTC swaps that we are now beginning to actually clear. So you would get a clearer sense of what that universe looks like by the middle of next year, I believe. In terms of pricing and random pricing incentives would actually go away and fade, and we can start to look at this on more of a normalized run rate basis, I think it's fair also to wait until we have the vast majority of all the swaps in to us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neve Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: NYMEX, the building sale, you announced that you hired some consultants and then some brokers. Just help me think about it. Is it realist to think if you do net some cash, and there could be significant cash from this, would this be part of -- would it be feasible to think of this maybe making up part of the annual variable dividend next year? Or is -- would the timing be too early for that? And if you could help me quantify how to think about this at all, Jamie, that would be helpful.
James E. Parisi: Sure, Neve. When you think about the NYMEX building, it's probably about half the size of the Board of Trade building. So that's one thing to think about in comparison. Obviously, it's in a market where values are a bit higher. So you can put those sorts of things together as you think about the value it could be. And I think we will hopefully have an answer by the end of this year in terms of whether or not we're going to sell it. And if the decision is to sell it, then I believe it will be done by the end of this year. So it would be in that -- the cash would be available for the variable dividend. The other thing to keep in mind is that it has a very, very low basis on our books from a tax perspective that we inherited from NYMEX, so there would be some taxes -- tax impact on it as well.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the SIPA Building, was that around 150-ish in the mix?
James E. Parisi: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just a question on volume tiers and how often you guys are evaluating them. And how should we think about that as volumes potentially rise going forward, we might see the threshold for those discounts go higher.
James E. Parisi: Dan, this is Jamie. If you look back historically, prior to the economic crisis, it was probably roughly every 18 months or so that we would look and evaluate the tiers. But it's driven by market conditions. So going forward, it's something that we'll continue to keep our eye on. If we're -- the tiers are getting to a point where people are meeting them when they wake up in the morning, then we'll look to see whether or not we should be adjusting them. So this is something that we actively keep an eye on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just wanted to come back to the whole Brent energy discussion. I think you used a couple of very big words here today, like excellent adoption and nice tick up and stuff like that. So obviously, the market share is really looking good. I just wanted to get a little bit more color on how you're really doing that. And you talked a lot about the commercial. So when I look at the commitment of trader report, I think you have like a handful of players that are showing up as commercial today. So maybe you can give us a little bit more color what the pipeline is and how many you really have. And then same thing when I talk to energy desk, it sounds like lots of fundamental players don't really think about Brent when they -- or think about you when they think about them Brent, so they are not really seeing the volume. So just maybe talk a little bit more of how you're engaging with even like the trading desk on Wall Street and when you think that they could really embrace the product. Because we're not hearing it yet, I guess, is my point.
James E. Parisi: I'll start. One of the things that we're really able to sell as a very strong value proposition, and I tried to allude to it earlier, was the spreading capabilities. And what I didn't focus on is the capital efficiencies and the margin savings associated with those spreads. And so now that we have a fairly strong critical mass in terms of volume and open interest, particularly on the Brent side of things, you're really able to latch into those spreads and be able to bring that value proposition to those end users. And yes, we are absolutely seeing those benefits pay off in the context of utilization and pickup in the spread and the capital efficiencies. And we believe that, that's going to just continue to take on more traction.
Phupinder S. Gill: Alex, this is Gill. If I can add to what Bryan said. I think Bryan also talked about this a short, while ago. The key driver in getting more Brent is that it helps the entire suite that we have. If you look at a classic product launch that is new, I think a reasonable threshold of open interest and volume would be about 30,000 to 40,000. The point that we are making is we have achieved that. We have surpassed that in a very short period of time. The more important piece of this is the products around just the pure Brent, that has also seen a lift, the crack spreads, the TI, Brent trades, those things are actually growing. So we did use those so-called big words because it's a big deal. This has been occurring. It's been lifting the energy complex in a very significant way, and it's only the beginning. One of the questions that has been asked in the past is, when are you going to start charge for Brent? That's not a focus to us in any way, shape or form at this time. Building the entire complex, the energy suite across-the-board, across the 3 benchmarks that I articulated a short while ago, which no other exchange has, that is what we're trying to push for, between Omani, Brent and crude and the derivative products that are created from those, that is going to be the focus of our energy guidance.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Sorry, not to have a follow-up. But to my earlier question, do you have an exact number of how many commercials players are involved? Or is it too early to really...
Phupinder S. Gill: The number of commercials we have are actually growing and we will not share that number at this time.
Operator: And the next question comes from Alex Blostein from Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I want to shift gears and talk about the metals business for a second. It seems like there's incremental focus from the regulators on some of the broker dealers, and just kind of curious to hear your thoughts on the potential implications of that on the business for you guys near-term, as well as the longer-term.
Unknown Executive: This is Bob, Alex. We don't think that there's immediate implications relative to a lot of the scrutiny that's going on there. But we are looking very closely at how the ecosystem can shift and what that might mean for us. We don't have any specific comments on what has been in the press today, but we are watching the situation very closely.
Terrence A. Duffy: It's Terry Duffy. Let me just chime in because I think this is an important topic that a lot of people aren't picking up on right now, and that is a lot of the dealer community that are being under a lot of scrutiny as it relates to the physical trading of commodities and metals and things of that nature. What they have said is that they're going to use other derivative products, such as futures and others, to get the exposure to the market versus what they used to use in the cash market. So I actually see this as potentially a net positive for us to continue to offer up deep liquid markets for them to do their risk management needs. So I don't see this affecting us in any way, shape or form.
Operator: Next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Question is on the swaps business. We're all pretty focused right now on swaps clearing revenues. But I know you guys have historically said in the past that volume migration will probably be the bigger opportunity than clearing alone. So just wondering whether your thesis on that opportunity has changed at all. And I know it's really difficult to tell, given the data, but in your futures volumes, are you seeing kind of any users switch to that complex that would ordinarily be trading in swaps?
Bryan T. Durkin: This is Bryan. As we've indicated in the past, we've had some new users come into the market on the futures side, particularly as you look at the asset management community, the corporate community, who had a portfolio of interest rate swaps that they needed to clear. They have been taking a good look and being active and more active in our futures markets. And something that I would like you to kind of look at is we've seen a real pickup in our DFR transaction. So that's an indicator in terms of, again, giving these users facilities to be able to hedge their interest rate swap exposure by also doing equivalent business in our treasury, which we view has had a nice uplift. When you look at the open interest and the volume over the past quarter, there's definitely a correlation basis when phase 2 kicked in and the activities that we're seeing in our uptake in interest rates and increase in our treasuries, in our euros. So we're looking at that as well as an indicator and obviously using that as a strong selling proposition.
Phupinder S. Gill: It was swaps that have been traded against treasuries.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Carrier with Bank of America.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jamie, just a question on 2 things that you pointed out. Just on the RPC, just curious on the equity side. What's been driving maybe the upward trend over the past couple quarters? We've seen a pickup in volume, but just wanted to see if there was anything going on, on that front. And then just on the expense guidance, the $1.25 billion to $1.26 billion. I think in the past you've said if you were in a weaker environment, sort of what the low end could be, like meaning where you can pull back. Obviously, the volume environment has improved and so we don't need to focus too much on that. But just curious in terms of the expense flexibility that you have, particularly on the comp side, versus like the new initiatives that you see ramping up in the second half.
James E. Parisi: Sure. On the first question, in terms of the equities rate, what you're seeing there was a little bit of upward pressure on rate. It's just a member, non-member mix issue. So you're seeing non-member growth faster than member growth in that category in the last quarter. So that helped push that rate up a bit. So that was the key driver there. On the expense guidance side, it's really -- that change in the guidance putting the range out there, it's very much tied to the variable expenses that are out there, our license fees and our bonuses. Now obviously, if there was a situation where volumes fell off, those things will also decline and would help move us back down to the lower end of that range. And depending on where the volumes were, potentially down through that range. Now saying all that, we've been very diligent around expenses, so there's not a lot of additional room there to continue to pare. We've done everything that we can and we continue to look for areas to become more efficient. But I wouldn't say that there's some large pools of expenses that are out there that we could easily reduce if volumes came in. So as we've said before, we want to be careful not to cut into the muscle because we do believe that there's a lot of growth opportunities in front of us, and we don't want to shortchange those.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with ISI Group.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just following along on that over-the-counter interest rate swap question on to futures. Maybe, Bryan, if you can expand your commentary on what your outlook is for, say, the next 2, 3, 4 quarters in terms of the sales effort to build upon the futures volume and the collateral benefits of futures, whether you think that's an active ramp as we move through that process or that the new clients that came on is sort of static. And then just a quick follow-up on Asia versus Europe in terms of the growth opportunity, the timing of the launch of the European exchange and whether you're sort of more optimistic about growth in Asia that you alluded to, Gill, versus the new launch in Europe.
James E. Parisi: So on the first one, our approach, from a sales perspective, is to be able to offer the totality of product for the client to be able to manage their risk. So as we're in talking to those that are traditionally non-users of the futures markets but they have an interest rate swap portfolio that they need to clear, it's an opportunity and an entre for us to, first of all, take care of the main issue at hand and provide them with those clearing facilities, but also introduce them to the efficiencies and liquidities of our interest rate portfolio from the exchange traded side of it. And we've done a lot to build tools that is very -- that we leave for these clients to really reflect on after we spend our time with them, helping them understand how they can better utilize their capital, capitalize on margin efficiencies. And they can run their portfolios through these varieties of tools so that they can see very tangible evidence on their side to say, "Yes, this definitely does make sense for us and for our portfolio." And then we follow up, and we bring them in. And so I can't give a perspective in terms of what the volume growth will be on the futures side of it, but I can absolutely say that we're seeing greater usage on the futures side, not only from new clients, but from pre-existing clients that, as they're bringing those OTC products in for clearing, we're seeing an uplift in their activity on the futures side.
Phupinder S. Gill: With respect to the question that you had on the growth outside of the U.S., keep in mind, Latin America is also an area of focus for us, although currently, the meaningful income is coming from both Europe and Asia. Europe, as you might know, has been a mainstay revenue base for us, and that has grown particularly in the last 5 to 6 years. That growth, with respect to the current products that are being offered, will continue both on the OTC front as well as on the core futures side. With respect to the new exchanges, we expect to be up and running sometime in the fall. It represents a different opportunity for a client base that would otherwise not trade in the U.S. With respect to Asia, we're talking about new clients that have not come into trading our core products yet. And in particular, China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Singapore and a couple of other places will drive that growth. A couple of days ago, Nanhua Futures, one of the futures brokers in China, joined us as a full clearing member out of their office in Hong Kong. That is something that we have talked about over the course of the last 18 months with respect to Chinese FCMs looking to join us. Nanhua joins Bank of China International as the first 2 Chinese FCMs that have joined us, with a pipeline of more firms behind them. That is going to be part and parcel of the growth drivers of our products in Asia. A short while ago, I talked about the growth of the Nikkei 225. A lot of that liquidity is not just in the North American time zone, but also in the European and Asian time zone. With the addition of these additional FCMs and their client base, you can expect to see tighter liquidity spreads, both in Asia, as well as Europe. So there's different opportunity sets in Europe, as well as in Asia, both of them targeting the core, and Europe having the additional element of folks looking at the OTC clearing solution that we have, too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mikael Vadia [ph] with Rosenblatt Securities.
Unknown Analyst: Just a question on market data and access fees. Is there anything to highlight that might change the trend that we've seen in these 2 lines? They've been declining a little bit over the last few quarters. Just any update on trends there?
James E. Parisi: Yes, we've seen some continued pressure on the terminal count, basically due, as we said before, to tightening of employment on Wall Street and the efficiencies that firms are looking for there, but also tied to incentives that we -- legacy incentives that we've offered over time. So we're taking a look at the full picture going forward to see where and how we can drive more value out of that business.
Unknown Analyst: And that would be market data?
James E. Parisi: Yes.
Unknown Analyst: Do you have any timing on when some of these incentives might roll off?
James E. Parisi: Not at this point.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, anything to note on access and communication fees?
James E. Parisi: Just on the access and communication fee revenue line, it's behaving as we said we believed it would at the end of -- when we gave the guidance at the end of the last -- at the end of Q4. So nothing of note there.
Operator: And next question comes from Gaston Ceron with MorningStar Equity Research.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Jamie, I just wanted to go back to the OTC pricing issue. I don't know if you mentioned this and I missed this, but I think stabilizing -- you look out over the longer term, I mean, are you still looking for that $5 to $6 range that I think you guys mentioned in the December call? Or is the ultimate kind of settled base a little bit more unclear at this point?
James E. Parisi: I'd say it's unclear, because remember the $5 to $6 base was for the customer set -- the pure customer set that aren't the higher turnover folks, the high turnover folks we put that incentive pricing in for. And obviously, the mix is going to be something less than the $5 to $6. And as we said earlier, it's not clear yet when and if we'll take those incentives off. So still an open question. But the $5 or $6, as we moved through the process and learned more, it was really tied much more to a particular customer set versus those high turnovers.
Operator: And next question comes from Ken Leon with S&P Capital IQ.
Kenneth M. Leon - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research: The question I have is on regulation. And with a change of the profile, the CFTC at the commissioner level, what do you think are the 1 or 2 burning issues that are going to be in front of us for the next 6 to 9 months?
Terrence A. Duffy: It's Terry Duffy. I'm not quite sure what changes at the commission we're going to see yet. There's been a lot of speculation as to whether the Chairman will maintain his position or not. There's speculation that other commissioners, whether be there or not. We do know that Commissioner Summers is the only one that's announced to date and has left. So that's the only one for sure that we know is going to be changed. So the rest of it is purely speculation on the makeup of what the commissioners is going to look like. I think some of the issues that we're going to look going forward over the next several months are on some of the cross-border issues that we have still yet to be resolved. They were, as you know or may not know, they were punted for 70 to 75 days as of last July 15. And one of the big issues is 1-day margin in the United States versus 2-day margin in Europe. We do twice daily mark-to-market where Europe only does it once a day. So essentially, we do have 2-day margin. I think there's a misdirect on margin and people are using it as a political scapegoat in the regulatory environment, because our margin is based on risk-based according with the product, not just on days. The days is just a minimum. But I do think that, that is one of the issues that will take center stage. The other issue could be the residual interest issue for some of our smaller FCMs, which could be a problem for them. So we're working very closely with the smaller FCMs and the commission to make certain that they don't get into a situation where the cost of doing business with the American agricultural community and others is going to be impacted. So I think those are 2 of the big pressing issues over the next several months.
Kenneth M. Leon - S&P Capital IQ Equity Research: And was the cross-broader issue a big part of the conversations in the travels that you guys have -- I imagine you've done overseas?
Terrence A. Duffy: Yes, I just came back, and so did Gill. I was in Europe and Gill was in Asia. One of the pressing things that I heard from all the clients was a concern about access to U.S. markets and to make certain that they would have that ability to do so. I do believe that the participants in both Europe and the United States will have enough pressure on their regulators to make sure that there's a harmonized regulatory environment so everybody can use these global markets to do their risk management. So I do think that cooler heads will prevail and the regulators would come up with a solution that makes sense for everybody. I think, right now, we're still, I hate to say it, but we're in kind of a silly season in Washington right now and people are getting ready to go out, and there's not much going on. So we'll get more clarity as we get into September.
Operator: And our final question comes from Brian Bedell with ISI Group.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I just have one quick follow-up. Just on the volume trends into summer. Obviously, we're getting to the weak seasonal season. But to what extent are you seeing a pare-back in high-frequency trading affecting volumes? I think we're seeing it in some other asset classes as well. Maybe if you can comment on that for CME volumes and to the extent you think the -- sort of the weak July volume trends also continue into August, given seasonality and/or HFT?
Phupinder S. Gill: Brian, this Gill. Clearly, there are more people that want to talk to you about the house, and I'm going start. The volume drop-off that you are seeing is very typical and not driven by any one client type. It's just a typical drop across-the-board. But keep even that in mind, taking the rates, for example, where many people are focused on. Our July rate volume is actually up 25% versus July last year. And the volume level of 4.9% in this past month is not unusual as you compare it to the early part this year. And even April of this year, there's only a 4.8%. So we're seeing volume levels that I would say are very typical for this time of the year and not at all attributed to any one client class. Bryan or Jamie?
James E. Parisi: Very well said.
Operator: At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I'll turn the call back over the speakers.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thanks very much, guys. As I said a short while ago, there's a lot of work left to be done, and we look forward to talking to you guys next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee James E. Parisi - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director of Finance & Corporate Development Derek Sammann - Senior Managing Director of Financial Products & Services Bryan T. Durkin - Chief Operating Officer Terrence A. Duffy - Executive Chairman, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee Kimberly S. Taylor - President of CME Clearing House Division
Analysts: Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Akhil Bhatia
Unknown Executive: [Audio Gap] on our website. Also, note the final page of our earnings release contains a reconciliation to our GAAP results this quarter. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Gill.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you very much, and thank you all for joining us today. I'm going to highlight CME Group's first quarter, and then turn it over to Jamie to review our financials. We experienced a solid start of the year. First quarter average daily volume was 12.5 million contracts, up significantly from the 10.5 million contracts we averaged during the second half of last year. Open interest has jumped 18% year to date, up to 82.3 million contracts. Additionally, the first stage of the OTC clearing mandate was completed successfully, with cleared volumes roughly double what they were prior to the mandate. Let me turn to the highlights of our core business. In the interest rate complex, we successfully grew volumes in open interest, up from the levels that we saw in the second half of 2012. Treasury volume has been particularly strong to start the year, with first quarter ADV of $3.4 million, up 24% compared to the same period last year. This included a Treasury futures monthly record of 3.8 million contracts in February, up 33% over the prior February, and we reached a daily all-time high of 10.1 million contracts on February 26. Additionally, we've continued to successfully expand our options business with a record level of electronic trading of our 10-year Treasury note options of 54%, as well as generating 48% volume growth in our popular weekly Treasury options. Treasury options volume in February was the second highest month in our history. Overall, interest rate average daily volume was 5.7 million contracts in the first quarter of 2013 compared to 4.3 million during the second half of 2012. Although the last 2 years have been challenging due to low volatility and low overall rates, we have invested in our interest rate complex through new product development to position it to strongly benefit once we come out of this difficult cycle. In the intermediate and long term, we would expect an improving economy, the end to quantitative easing and increasing uncertainty around both the long and short ends of the curve, a large part of this for the franchise. This product line also stands to benefit from the migration of noncleared OTC interest rate swaps into clearinghouses and potentially, substitution of futures contracts for some of those OTC products. And CME Group's value proposition is significantly enhanced with the introduction of portfolio margining for both house and client accounts, creating powerful capital efficiencies for our global client base. Looking at OTC, as I mentioned earlier, there has been a nice pickup in volume since Wave 1 of the CFTC clearing mandate kicked in on March 11, the first of a series of important dates for the industry. Since then, we have averaged 20 billion per day, which is nearly twice the amount we've cleared from the beginning of the year leading up to the mandate. Interest rate swap open interest has also grown 44% to $1.4 trillion since the beginning of the mandate. Recently, 270 buy side firms have registered with CME for OTC clearing, and we are working closely with hundreds of firms and many intermediaries preparing for Phase 2 that begins on June 10. We continue to work to build liquidity in the deliverable swap futures contract, and we have 35,000 of open interest and several thousand contracts traded per day mainly by hedge funds asset managers, mortgage services and banks. Right now along with our FCMs and end customers, we are focused on on-boarding for Phase 2 of the mandate. Post June, we expect an increased focus on our entire suite of rate offerings, including call futures, the DSF product, as well as cleared swaps. During March, we've successfully completed the first customer portfolio margining between cleared swaps and futures through one of our FCMs, and we expect 3 to 5 additional clearing members to provide this to end clients in a more scalable way later this quarter, driven by client demand. The number of intermediaries automating this process should increase throughout the year. Our sales forces is increasingly hearing about the importance of capital efficiencies and our interest rate swap product suite offers the best opportunity to optimize deployed capital, leveraging our existing deep open interest across the U.S. yield curve. We also continue to launch new products and product extensions for OTC clearing. During the first quarter, we launched interest rate swaps clearing through our European clearinghouse, and in the second quarter, we anticipate extending our OIS product out to 30 years, adding 3 new currencies, as well as launching amortizers based on customer demand. Turning to FX. This complex continues to perform exceptionally well, driven by strength in our Japanese yen and British pound contracts, as well as significant year-to-date growth in our emerging markets FX product suite. First quarter ADV was 1 million contracts, up 19% year-over-year. It's important to note, we saw particular strength in terms of trading from Europe and Asia during Q1. Volume in FX trading during Q1 from Asia grew 60%, while activity coming from Europe was up 21%. This speaks to the continued FX market share gains we're achieving on a global basis. FX options also continued to be strong, up 70% in Q1 versus the same period last year. In terms of FX open interest, we experienced record levels in March of 2.6 million contracts. Since the beginning of the year, our FX open interest is up 13%. In addition, we achieved a new record of 929 large open interest holders in Q1, up from barely 400 in 2009. This indicates that more customers are holding an increasing amount of FX risk at CME Group. Equities have also performed well and have significantly outperformed our peer. Q1 2013 ADV was 2.6 million contracts, up 9% year-over-year. Growth was supported by net inflows through March of $135 billion into equity funds, as well as an increase in the VIX midway through the quarter, which contributed to strong volumes in February, up 22%; March, up 13%; and April, up 16%. E-mini options were up 86% in Q1 versus last year and up 88% in April, supported by expanded participation in our weekly and monthly options. Also, in the quarter, volume in our Nikkei-based products was up 76% in our yen contract and 116% in our dollar contract. In addition, open interest is up 23% year to date. Our metals complex has also benefited from recent volatility. This has driven all-time record April 2013 ADV of 532,000, surpassing the last high in August 2011. We also hit multiple records on April 15, which included combined futures and options trading of 1.5 million contracts, 78% above the prior record, and we set all-time trading records in gold futures, gold options and copper futures. Turning to the agricultural commodities. The Kansas City Board of Trade integration is going well, and volume in that product was up 24% in Q1 versus first quarter last year and up 21% from the fourth quarter. Going forward, we are excited about the opportunity to leverage our leadership position in this category around the globe, especially in Asia. Lastly, I will touch on our energy complex. April is a very strong month with ADV of 1.9 million contracts, up 20% versus the same period last year, driven by increased volatility, rising natural gas prices and ongoing corrections to infrastructure issues. In April, crude, natural gas and power were up significantly compared to the first quarter. In recent weeks, the WTI and Brent spread have tightened considerably to under $9 in the June contract and the Seaway pipeline boost of daily activity will continue to be helpful. Longer-term significant U.S. production should help the WTI and our refinery natural gas products, with an increased focus on energy independence and the potential for exports. In the meantime, we are also focused on expanding global solutions through our DME and brand product offerings to grow our presence in key areas, such as Europe and Asia. One final note, we had record total volume and revenue from Asia during the first quarter. We saw 24% volume growth in Q1 compared to the prior first quarter. And average daily volume totaled approximately 440,000 contracts per day. Transaction fee revenue from the region grew 31% compared to the prior year. During the quarter, all fixed product areas grew, with particular strength in ags, FX and equity products. In summary, we remain the only pure-play derivatives exchange with the widest range of benchmark products, covering all major asset classes. We continue to build on this by investing aggressively in our global growth strategy, which includes launching new products and product extensions, expanding our global footprint through further developments of infrastructure and partnerships, as well as enhancing our worldwide sales force, leading to unparalleled distribution of our products and better insight into customer needs. All of this, coupled with a strong expense discipline equates to significant cash flow generation. This has led to a consistently strong return of capital strategy to reward our shareholders while continuing investing in the future growth of the company. Now I will turn the call over to Jamie to discuss the financials.
James E. Parisi: Thank you, Gill, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to walk you through the detailed results for Q1. From a financial perspective, we had a nice quarter despite 4 fewer trading days compared to Q4. Our revenue jumped approximately $58 million, and our adjusted expense is only $7 million higher, resulting in incremental margins above 85%. Please take note that excluding the foreign currency fluctuation losses mentioned in the release, our earnings per share would have been $0.73, up over 15% versus Q4 adjusted EPS. Let me start the Q1 discussion with revenue. The rate per contract for the first quarter was $0.785, down 6% sequentially. The largest driver was product mix. While we saw volume increases across all of the product lines, lower average fee products, like our interest rate contracts, saw faster volume growth than higher fee agricultural and energy contracts. Another driver of the lower average rate in Q1 was member-nonmember mix, as member volumes grew faster than nonmember volumes. We also saw an impact based on energy-related incentives. First quarter other revenue was $23 million, up from $14 million in Q4, due primarily to a progress payment from BM&FBOVESPA related to our trading platform co-development. Moving on, total first quarter operating expense was $301 million, excluding the previously mentioned FX impact. Breaking down operating expense in more detail, compensation and benefits was $129 million, up $16 million sequentially. This included $10 million of timing-related items that tend to impact Q1 more severely than other quarters. Examples include our vacation accrual that we'll reverse out later in the year, as folks take their annual vacations, and other employment taxes that are subject to cap that get hit earlier in the year. In addition, deferred compensation expense was $2 million higher than the prior quarter, as the U.S. equity market was strong in Q1. Remember, this is also recognized as interest income below the line, so it has a net 0 impact on our bottom line. Finally, our bonus was up $4 million sequentially based on better performance versus our targets. Headcount at the end of the quarter was approximately 2,615, up 50 during the quarter, including the KCBOT employees, continuing -- continued hiring in our Northern Ireland office to replace consultants and hires in growth areas like clearing and sales. Overall, our teams have been very focused on being as efficient as we can on the cost front. Looking at noncompensation expense, each line item was flat to down with the exception of license fees due to growth in both equity and CME ClearPort volumes. Turning to nonoperating income, we did not record a dividend this quarter from BVMF. We record dividends on the ex-dividend date, and the ex-date for their Q1 dividend fell in April this year. Based on what they've declared, our portion will be approximately $10 million. We will recognize this dividend in Q2, and depending on their timing, we may end up with -- may end up recording 2 dividends from them in Q2. We had been able to record -- if we had been able to record this dividend in Q1, our Q1 EPS would have been a couple of cents higher. Turning to interest expense. This item totaled $39 million in Q1, which we guided to last quarter. We will be paying down our upcoming August maturity, and will likely look to issue new debt later this year to prefund the February 2014 bonds. Once we've worked through these near-term maturities, our run rate quarterly interest expense will likely be between $26 million and $27 million starting in Q2 2014. Equity and gains in unconsolidated subsidiaries was $17.5 million, with good results from the S&P Dow Jones joint venture. In April, the company purchased the noncontrolling interest in CME Group Index Services, LLC for $80 million. Index Services had maintained a 24.4% interest in the S&P Dow Jones joint venture. As a result of the purchase of the noncontrolling interest, our share in the JV increased to 27%. We are also pleased with the recent extension of the long-term agreement between the JV and CBOE, which would favorably impact the JV's results beginning this year. Turning to taxes. The pro forma effective rate excluding the FX impact was approximately 38.5%. On the balance sheet, we had $1.9 billion of cash and marketable securities, up approximately $240 million during Q1, and capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances totaled $19 million in the first quarter, driven by technology spending. In terms of guidance, our 2013 expense projection of $1.25 billion remains unchanged based on the expected timing of some growth-oriented investments later this year. In addition, our CapEx guidance remains between $140 million and $150 million. April average daily volume so far has been good relative to Q1. Over the last 5 years on average, ADV has fallen 12% in April compared to the first quarter. This April, we were down only 7%, and the decline is skewed to the product lines with lower average rates. In addition, as footnoted in our release, please note that first quarter average daily volume in RPC figures do not include the KCBT volume, but the $2.3 million of transaction revenue generated is included in the first quarter clearing and transaction fee revenue on the income statement. The KCBT volume has been reported within the overall CME Group volume as of April 1. In summary, we continue to focus on investing for the future. In particular, we have positioned ourselves to fully take advantage of the changing regulatory and competitive landscape, as well as the medium-term favorable cyclical trends. As always, while investing in our future, we also remain intensely focused on generating excess capital and returning it to our shareholders. With that, we'd like to open the call up for your questions. This quarter, given the number of analysts who cover us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question, please. Please feel free to get back in the queue if you have further questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Rich Repetto from Sandler O'Neill.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: My one question is going to be on OTC. Gill, you addressed a couple of points, at least, that I'm interested in. Even though you're still at about 10% of, let's just say, your peer on the interest rate swap clearing but with the promise of a big Phase 2 starting in June. And so I guess, my question is, of the 200 people or so you got connected, how many of those are already clearing? And can you give us any numbers on what you -- the uptake a little bit more specific in June? And then also, this portfolio margining. I know you mentioned it, but how available will it be for all the buy-side clients, come June?
Derek Sammann: Rich, it's Derek. I'll pick up on that. So a couple of points on the phase-in. So you've heard us talk a lot about the phase-in clients of the Phase 1. We didn't expect a lot of new clients to come on board then. The Phase 2 is significant, and I want to make sure we talk a little bit about the makeup of the group that we've seen so far. As you know, the Phase 2 clients are predominantly dollar based. Most of these are falling under the dollar-based mandate. And so far, about 61% of the products that we're clearing are dollar based, and only about 25% of that trading at LCH is dollar based right now. So given the fact that we see strength in our dollar-based platform on the clearing side and the bulk of the Phase 2 clients are dollar based, we think we will see some acceleration through that group. The 270 firms that Gill mentioned are those that have been working with us and we believe are prepared for clearing in that Day 1 time frame. So we think we're in a good position to capture a portion of that. Relative to the portfolio margining, we talked about this last quarter. We are prepared. We've rolled that out. We've had 1 or 2 FCMs prepare for that and actually have rolled that out selectively. But to be very honest, we don't expect that to be significantly taken up until we're farther into the phase-in on-boarding clients because it's a big impact on the FCMs, and they and we are primarily focused on on-boarding, getting clients into the clearinghouse. So we have that available. It's a function of bandwidth for the FCMs to work on portfolio margining.
Phupinder S. Gill: And Rich, it is available for both all clients, as well as all house accounts. Anybody who has a swap position that can be offset against the futures is eligible for that offset. So it is wide open to everybody. If you look at the overall scheme of things, the only exchange or the only CCP that has this margin offset is CME Group. No one else does have it. So from a capital-optimized perspective, it is the one solution out there that maximizes capital efficiencies for our client base.
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Chen, Crdit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: My question's on the core business. Over the years, we've seen higher RPC be a good stabilizer when volumes are weaker and then get back a little when volumes improve. But I guess, when you look at the business complex by complex over the past 2 years or so, it seems like that historical relationship is slipping a bit. So I'm just curious. When you look at the data, do you agree with that? And what can you do to possibly help, like, restore that balance that we've seen over the years?
James E. Parisi: Yes, Howard, this is Jamie. I could start and my colleagues can jump in. As you look at it, it's very much, for the most part, a mix issue as we've touched on over time. Shifts between member, nonmember, shifts between the various products within a product set will also impact that. So I don't think there's anything concerning there for us at all. You did see this quarter, we've -- a few things impact the rate. The incentives, certainly on the energy side, impacted the energy rate. Those were tied to things like options incentives and incentives around new products like Brent. So it's -- really, what we're trying to do is drive volume growth across the products with things like that. So I don't see any concerns going forward.
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes. If I can just add, Howard, that what you're seeing over time is as we've had customers that are paying the full freight do more and more business, they would typically make a decision to take up membership, which may reduce their fees over time. And as more and more of these clients come on board, they will start at a high rate, and if it makes sense, they would pay the lower rate once they decide to become "members" of one or more of the CME Group exchanges.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Allen, Evercore.
Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: When I back out the KCBOT revenues, I'm arriving at a rate per million traded from over the counter about $3.35. I wonder if you could confirm that and just give us some color in terms of how to think about that rate moving forward and what may have impacted it this quarter, whether it's from the incentivized -- incentive pricing standpoint or anything on the competitive front.
James E. Parisi: Yes. Chris, this is Jamie. You're right. The average rate is in the neighborhood of $3 per million of interest rates, when you look at the combined rate of interest rate and CDS. And basically, our -- the total revenue for interest rate, CDS was about $2.8 million for the quarter. The rate per million was fairly consistent, I'd say, with the rate per million in the prior quarter. And what we're seeing is, on the IRS side, the average rate is slightly below the $3 per million rate. And really, when you look at Phase 1, it's very much concentrated in -- with the hedge funds who tend to have a higher percentage of those high turnover-type businesses who may avail themselves of our high-turnover incentive plan. So they're not putting on and holding a lot of open interests, the ones who are getting that incentive, so it's not taxing the clearinghouse as much. So that's the, kind of, the reasoning there. And as we go to the next phase, we would anticipate that there'd be a heavier mix of the non-high-turnover customers who would lift that rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kramm, UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just wanted to come back to, I guess, Howard's question on the pricing, in particular, on the energy side here. Obviously, that declined a lot. And Jamie, you mentioned something about Brent and options, so maybe you can give a little bit more detail, in particular, because when I look at it, it seems like a lot of that came on the ClearPort side. So just wondering, there's been a lot of changes in the energy markets as it relates to ClearPort with ISRI restructuring and you're doing some changes here as well. So just wondering if there's some product shift as well or maybe you're competing a little tougher here or anything that's going on in that market.
James E. Parisi: Sure. Well, we're certainly competing a little tougher around the Brent where you're seeing those incentives. On the ClearPort side, you did see a decrease in the average rate there, and that was as a result of the conversion from EFS to blocks, which are at a bit lower rate. So that drove the ClearPort average rate down a little bit. And as I said, on the options front, we did some -- we've got some incentive programs going there. And Bryan wants to add in.
Bryan T. Durkin: But these programs are definitely having the intended impact in the context of the growth that we're experiencing, particularly across the Brent complex. We have several dozen firms now that are very actively trading in Brent. We've reached and exceeded an inflection point in terms of our open interest in their contract, and we're seeing a very heavy spreading occurring between the WTI and the Brent. And all of this is tied very much together in terms of the increasing dominance of the WTI contract, as we've indicated over the last several months. Looking at that spread and seeing how that spread is coming in is very indicative about the domestic prominence of U.S. production of crude oil. So all of these initiatives that we've undertaken are very strategic in the context of building up our crude, our refined products, as well as our options growth.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And those incentives are ongoing, right?
Bryan T. Durkin: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy, Raymond James Company.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So my question is about the deliverable swap futures that you guys launched a few months ago. Seems like you're getting some nice traction, some nice progress in terms of building up volume and then maybe saw a little bit of a step-back in April. Can you talk about the customer reception that you've gotten for those products and what your expectations are at this point?
Derek Sammann: Yes. It's Derek. I'll take that. On the deliverable swap futures, we've put that out in December to make sure that we were out in advance of the launch with the mandate kicking off on March 11. We wanted to make sure, based on client demand, that we had a product out there to go through a first roll. Customers are very concerned about that process of taking a future, then delivering into that swap. So we've maintained, I think, about 35,000 or 36,000 contracts open interest. That first roll of March, we saw about 25% of those products actually deliver into a cleared swap, which is a little bit higher than we would normally see but actually, about what we expected given the customer desire to make sure that process works smoothly. What our customers have told us is they wanted to get through a delivery cycle. They wanted to make it deliver and rely on that liquidity and that volume. But also, we're not as surprised to see the banks who are participating in the large parts in that market are also focused, as are we, on on-boarding through these first phases. So we've maintained levels of open interest. It certainly is there as an alternative to those customers that may not be able to get on board for cleared swaps. So we're pleased with where we are. We've got good open interest, ADV about 4,500, and increase of market makers are beyond just the 4 or 5 dealers we have. And the considered add participants. So very pleased about where we are.
Phupinder S. Gill: Just to add there and, as you said, there are 27 FCMs that currently cleared, and there's a recent report by Morgan Stanley that basically articulated that the Treasury futures and swap futures are going to benefit from Phase 2 and, in particular, those high clients that won't be able to make the cut on June 11, they have an alternative. And the sales force at Morgan Stanley and a couple of the large banks are going push deliverable swaps.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jillian Miller, BMO Capital Markets.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So I just wanted to touch on the Obama derivative tax overhaul. It seems like the mark-to-market tax accounting and the elimination of this 60-40 tax treatment for derivatives could have an impact on the desirability of futures products in general. Maybe you could just kind of discuss the potential impact of the tax changes on your business and how likely you think they are to actually come about.
Terrence A. Duffy: Jillian, this is Terry Duffy. I think that the President's budget, if you look back historically, we have seen this going back to the first President Bush where they had the elimination of the 60-40 tax treatment, and they also have a transaction tax put in their budget. As you know, 60-40 is still in play, and it was voted in along the early '80s that the transaction tax has still not happened. I believe that most people on the Hill understand that this would be a detrimental tax against a very small, few people, good for folks who create a tremendous amount of liquidity. As you may or may not know, corporates do not get 60-40 tax treatment today, only individual market makers do, which make up a tremendous amount of the liquidity in the market. They know the bid-offer spreads were widened. This is a $2.5 billion score over 10 years, and if you look at the federal budget, that doesn't even hit the first line of the first balance sheet. So I think people know that would be cutting off their nose to spite their face if they try to deploy or eliminate 60-40 because of the mark to market and no long-term capital gains in futures trading. So I do think that will not prevail. Also, Chairman Camp, out of the Ways & Means Committee, has proposed to restructure the tax code as you know, and he is -- actually said that he would have an elimination of 60-40 tax treatment if and only if the top-end rate was to be 25%. I don't believe that will happen either, but that would not hurt our business whatsoever if that happened. And again, with the transaction tax, people are looking at the Tobin tax. As you know, that's an economist over in Europe who's proposed a transaction tax in Europe, of which some of the European countries have approved it, but what is interesting about that tax is that has to go for a final vote at the year end after the German election in November, and I don't think that's going anywhere either because the EU has already said they will not accept it. So I do believe that some of these taxes that have been proposed and the elimination of certain treatment is something that we have seen historically, and we are on top of it. And I'm somewhat -- I am confident that we will be able to continue to fight this back.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Fannon, Jefferies Company.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I know you haven't disclosed it in a while, but maybe if you'd talk about it in general terms about your customer mix and talk about the segments that are behaving well. And also maybe the dynamic when rate volumes have spiked at points in time, how that might have changed, in terms of who's more active or if it's generally broader based.
Phupinder S. Gill: I'll start and then I'll ask Derek to talk about the rate side. There's been no major change in the mix of the client base as we had spoken in the past so that there's nothing to update you on that. On the rate side?
Derek Sammann: On the rate side, we've talked about this before, particularly as it relates to deliverable swap futures. It had more participation from the dealer side of liquidity provision on some of the products that could be complements or, perhaps, products that segue from OTC swaps into overall futures. What we have done is continue to have healthy participation across the rate spectrum between the maker and the taker side. We actually have seen more of a product shift out of euro, dollars into Treasuries. Treasury's about 60% overall of our volume right now. So when you look at the growth of that Treasury side, it is important to note, Gill mentioned that we hit some records in February in our Treasuries complex, and those are records stood back and -- or that were set back in '07, '08. So a lot of folks are asking us, "Well, what do you see the spike in volumes to be?" We're already exceeding the levels from the Treasuries complex now in this difficult environment that we set back in '07, '08. Drivers of that certainly build out more products, specifically to address the client shift to make sure we had products that would address the needs of the asset managers, pension funds and long-only guys like Ultra Bond. So product development has been focused on bringing client segments in, as well as diversifying into parts of the curve where there's volatility.
Bryan T. Durkin: I'd like to add -- it's Bryan -- on to that in the context of the broad asset classes that we represent and the strong client outreach that you all know we've been working on over the last couple of years. It is definitely having its impact in terms of bringing in new client base across a more diversified usage of products. And I'd say we've seen that very prevalent in the hedge fund and the asset management community. And again, I think it goes to the very targeted focus of our sales team.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Carrier of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jamie, just on the expenses and maybe the other revenue, just some moving pieces, but just want to understand on the expenses, just given the $301 million run rate and then if we just take the guidance, you would be at, like, a $316 million, I think, roughly going forward. And I know there are some items that are coming online throughout the year. So maybe just give us an update on the timing of when we should expect the expense increase throughout the quarters. And then just on that other revenue line, just given that BVMF, like, the progress payment, just remind us, like, how often can we see that or is that a onetime. Just trying to gauge that other revenue line.
James E. Parisi: Sure, on the -- in terms of the expenses, going forward, as you know, the run rate, given the guidance, is higher than what we experienced in Q1. I think going forward, the big changes or the -- where you'll see some of that come through more dominantly is in compensation, pro fees and marketing. Compensation is going to grow as we fill open positions to meet existing needs, as well as growth opportunities. The pro fees always comes in lumpy, but as we continue to invest in growth opportunities like the European exchange, for example, and regulatory compliance, we should see a higher run rate there going forward. And on marketing, again, it's lumpy. It tends to be more back-end loaded, tied to events and branding that occur later in the year. So as I look across the quarter, it's hard to give you a hard and fast -- I'd say it's fairly evenly distributed across the remainder of the year.
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then anything on that other line, on the revenues?
James E. Parisi: Sure. I'll -- was the question around the progress payment from BVMF?
Michael Carrier - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, just in terms of -- I know you've had some of those in the past, but just give us an update on -- is that -- ending, can we continue to see some of that in the future?
James E. Parisi: Yes, this -- it was tied to the delivery of the equity platform, which is up and running and has been very successful. They're very pleased with the platform. And there's, I think, one more phase, but I don't anticipate there being any significant payments from that this year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Harris, Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: My question is on capital management. So you guys kind of ended the quarter here with a fair amount of cash on the balance sheet, and I know we have some debt to pay down later this year. But it still seems like you guys are going to be generating a significant amount of cash, and just wondering if you could quantify for us what your appetite is to return capital this year, whether it be through share buybacks or another special.
James E. Parisi: Well, as you know, our bent is very much towards dividends, and we pay out 50% of prior year cash earnings in our regular dividend. And then, at the end of the year, we'll do the analysis around another fifth dividend, a variable dividend, that we do each year. And this past year, we pulled that into December for tax reasons because of the uncertainty in the tax rules. But going forward, I'd say the timing around that variable dividend is very likely going to be the beginning of each year, as we are able to look at the results from the prior year. So probably in the February-March time frame. But yes, we're very much committed to returning that excess capital to the shareholders.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So just to confirm, nothing for buybacks this year we should expect?
James E. Parisi: I wouldn't put that as a high priority, no.
Operator: Our next question comes from Niamh Alexander, KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Can I go back to the deliverable futures because I -- you mentioned Morgan Stanley's report, but they had taken a stake also in your -- in the competitive, I guess, the ISRI exchange venue, but where do you stand or what's your view on the collateral differential and especially, I guess, Bloomberg's lawsuit with respect to the CFTC? Arguing that 5 days VAR for swaps versus 1 day for future isn't fair. I mean, does that -- that should, all else equal, maybe favor futures? But do you think the lawsuit itself, could that maybe slow some of the transition into futures? Or maybe people will just -- saying, "Oh, it -- heck, it's just so much easier, I'll do a future instead of a swap." Could the lawsuit kind of pose any threat to the opportunity there or slow it maybe?
Phupinder S. Gill: I'm not sure what the lawsuit will actually do. I think the lawsuit addresses the cost-benefit part of the 5 day versus 1 day, and the CFTC has done sufficient work. We have a very strong view as to what these margin requirements represent, and generally speaking, we believe that CCP should be left to set margin levels that they deem appropriate given the risk management or the risk characteristics of the products that exist. I'll ask Kim to say a few things about what the 1 day and 5 day actually mean.
Kimberly S. Taylor: Yes. I think we're very much on record as pointing out that both of these product sets are evaluated by us in setting margins on a risk basis, and they pose a different risk profile, mostly with regards to the visibility and accessibility of liquidity in the over-the-counter spot and the ability to liquidate those products very promptly. And we feel that they are margined completely in the same fashion, even though the results end up with one product having currently a 5-day margin and the other product having currently a 1- or 2-day margin, depending on which product it is. The other thing, I think, I would want to point out is that the -- I totally agree with Gill that we feel that clearinghouses should be allowed to set margins based on the risk profile that they see in the product. The risk profile of the swaps may change over time. The other problem with the way that the issue's being addressed is that even if the CFTC were to change its rule, the need for the 5-day margin period of risk for swaps is embedded in a lot of other international best-practice standards, and the Basel capital framework, in such a way that I don't think that things would change even if the CFTC had a different rule.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Bedell, ISI Group.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just to go back to the interest rate complex and the swaps, maybe, Derek, if you can comment about the activity around that June 10 deadline. Obviously, a lot of clients are catching right now. Is there any testing going on in the live environment or do you expect that to really inflect upward as we get very close to the date? And then your sense of usage subsequent to that -- the June 10 date and if you can comment on, do you think that will be a better infection in terms of adoption of futures usage, again subsequent to that date? And then also just on the September time frame, how important that is relative to the June date? And then just lastly on the rate complex, the member, the lower RPC, was that completely driven by the member-nonmember mix? Or were there other things going on?
Derek Sammann: I'll try to answer your 4 questions in one answer if I can. Let me start with your last question very quickly because there is a point in here that I wanted to mention when this came up before on the rate side specifically that where there had been some shifts that have been trending and pushing rate per contract lower in some of the member-nonmember mix, we have been offsetting portions of that downward pressure by actually putting customers into higher rate per contract products. So if you look at the interest-rate complex as a whole, a higher percentage of our rates complex is in Treasuries right now and that's a higher rate per contract product. So we've offset some of that customer shift mix, which is a downward pressure, by shifting into higher-rate product, which is Treasury. So I just wanted to get that off the board.
James E. Parisi: And if I could just comment on the member-nonmember mix impact on the interest rates, yes, it weighed on the average rate there, but remember, it's a mix issue. Both member and nonmember volumes increased versus the prior quarter. It was just that the member increased faster than the nonmember.
Derek Sammann: And I'll come back on the kind of the swaps and futures side very quickly as well. So you've heard us talk about these 270 firms. The firms that are in pipeline in debt with us is a much broader number than that, and some of these have been testing with us for 6 months, explicitly letting us know that they need to be ready for the points at which the switch would be flipped. So I think that a fair number of these guys are ready to go. In terms of the mix of the customers we're seeing right now, we've got a very high proportion of our business that's IRS, so it's the longer-dated products. We've recently put out some increased product specs that provide a broader set of OIS clearing capabilities as well. So we think we'll be able to capture a larger piece of that OIS dollar business particularly for the Phase 2s and Phase 3s. So you have about 84%, 85% of our mix right now is OIS, very good because that's longer, kind of stickier open interest for us. The OIS is shorter but a higher turnover business for us. And as I said, we're doing about 65% of the dollar business right now, and a big chunk of the Phase 2 June and Phase 3 September clients are primarily dollar based, so we're very well positioned to pick up a larger percentage of that dollar-based product -- user base as they come online about June and September.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. So we're really not seeing the pickup yet in the volumes, and obviously, we should be seeing that in June.
Derek Sammann: Yes, we're going to see this come through in the same way that we saw with the March date, where we're seeing a lot of preparation, but you could see deceleration in and through that date. So we're anticipating not necessarily the ramp-up before but through and following on into the third phase as well. But one last point on that, we have seen an increase in our volumes, our April -- our numbers this past month are up -- almost 100% from last month. So 88%, I think, is the precise figure in terms of our monthly flow. So we are seeing the increase. We expect to see that accelerate post June 11.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gaston Ceron, Morningstar Research.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Jamie, I know you mentioned the Indexes JV a little bit during your prepared remarks. Just curious if you could give any additional color on how that business is going. And then also, if you could say anything about co-location?
James E. Parisi: Sure. The Index JV is operating very well for us. You can see a small increase in our -- in the line -- in the operating income or the nonoperating income driven by -- partly by better or improved economics there. And in terms of co-location, we did guide last quarter to a decrease in that business as a result of the shrinking footprint on a per-customer basis, though the number of customers has actually grown a little bit coming into co-lo. We're on target for that guidance. We were a little bit below it this quarter because we didn't have the full quarter impact yet because the new contracts came into effect mid-quarter. So we'll be down around that -- the number that we had, the $20 million or so that we had guided to last quarter. We'll be down around that number going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Akhil Bhatia, Rosenblatt.
Akhil Bhatia: I'm sorry if I missed this, but what were the total OTC revenues in the quarter?
James E. Parisi: They were about $2.8 million.
Akhil Bhatia: Okay. And then just on the other revenues, you had the delivery fee from BOVESPA this quarter. How much was that? And what -- how do we think about that going forward?
James E. Parisi: Yes. I don't want to call it out specifically because it's a contract between us and them, but I would just say going forward that it's not something that we would consider a recurring revenue. There's one more phase that's due -- I believe one more phase that we're working on that's due with them, and so I wouldn't anticipate that hitting us coming into it this year.
Akhil Bhatia: Is it fair to say we get back into the high teens of millions going forward as you did the last few quarters?
James E. Parisi: For?
Akhil Bhatia: For other revenues.
James E. Parisi: For other revenues?
Akhil Bhatia: Yes.
James E. Parisi: It's hard to say. I think, yes, it'll come back down relative to that progress payment.
Operator: And our final question comes from Alex Kramm, UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just wanted to get a quick follow-up on the capital side here. One, first off, like, I think you said earlier, Jamie, that given that the fourth quarter special dividend in the prior fourth quarter was really just because of the tax reasons, and now you should go back to beginning of the year. I thought when you and I have talked in the past that you thought in the fourth quarter you have enough visibility already that you can actually start paying at the end of the year now than the beginning of the year. So just wondering if there's a change of thinking here to move that back in the first quarter or if I missed something. And secondly, I think there's been some discussions on building sales and things like that, that could clearly impact the special dividend. So I think there's been some discussions around NYMEX and also KCBT, so any more color you can give there in terms of timing, magnitude? I think NYMEX was priced at like $500 million last time I saw a number. So any color you can give here would be helpful.
James E. Parisi: Sure. In terms of the timing of the dividend, we never committed to continuing in the fourth quarter. One of the considerations as we thought about, should we continue pulling forward in the fourth quarter or just waiting until the end of the year. Obviously, waiting until the beginning of next year, you have a very clear view of what the prior year is. And the other factor for individual shareholders is you're not pulling the tax on that dividend into the current year, so a few months' timing, in our mind, made all the sense in the world to put it into the next year. Sorry, the other question was on?
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: The buildings.
James E. Parisi: The buildings, yes. So as we said, we're not in the business of -- our core is -- our core competency isn't owning and operating and leasing out the office space. So we're always taking a look at our real estate portfolio to see if it makes sense to sell any of those buildings. You saw us do it with the Board of Trade with the sale leaseback, so it's certainly something that we'll analyze around the building in New York, and with the building in Kansas City, it's much smaller in scale. But that, since we're moving operations back here in time for July, I believe, that building will very likely sell this year.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. So -- but no color on NYMEX in terms of time or value or anything like that? Too early yet?
James E. Parisi: Nothing at this point. It's too early.
Operator: That does conclude the question-and-answer session. I now would like to turn the call back to management for closing comments.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you all for joining us this morning. We will look forward to talking to you as the next 3 months go on, and see you all in about 3 months. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: John C. Peschier - Managing Director of Investor Relations Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee James E. Parisi - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director of Finance & Corporate Development Terrence A. Duffy - Executive Chairman, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee Bryan T. Durkin - Chief Operating Officer Derek Sammann - Senior Managing Director of Financial Products & Services
Analysts: Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Roger A. Freeman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Edward Ditmire - Macquarie Research Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the CME Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'll turn the call over to Mr. John Peschier. Sir, you may begin.
John C. Peschier: Thank you. And thank you, all, for joining us this afternoon. Gill and Jamie will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights for the fourth quarter, and then we'll open up the call for your questions. Terry, Bryan and Derek are on the call as well and will participate in the Q&A session. Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, which are available on our website. Also, note the final page of our earnings release contains a reconciliation to our GAAP results for the quarter. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Gill.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you, John, and thank you, everybody, for joining us this afternoon. I'm going to highlight CME Group's 2012 major efforts, and then share some thoughts about this year. Afterwards, Jamie will review our Q4 financial results. Despite facing a low volatility and difficult environment in 2012, we made significant progress across several key areas as we are embracing the changing regulatory and global landscape. Looking forward to 2013, we remain cautiously optimistic about the trading environment relative to last year. Based on what we have been working on, we feel we are very well positioned to benefit most when we come out of this challenging cycle. We experienced improved activity in December 2012 and January of this year in comparison to what we saw during much of 2012. Average daily volume in December was up 1% year-over-year, with an increase in many asset classes. January average daily volume was 11.4 million, a nice jump from the 10.5 million contracts for daily average during the second half of last year. In addition, open interest is up 13% since the end of the year and is currently above 79 million contracts. Turning to interest rates. The last 2 months were each up versus the prior year. January average daily volume was more than 5.3 million contracts per day, the highest volume levels since June of last year, and up 24% from the 4.3 million average during the second half of last year. The short end of the interest rate curve is still hindered by the 0 interest rate policy, which has negatively impacted Eurodollar activity. On a positive note, our Fed Funds Futures product is currently indicating a rate increase during Q4 of 2014, which has moved up from mid-2015. At the long end of the curve, our treasury products are performing well, with January 2013 average daily volume up 30% versus the same period last year. On February 1, we traded a record number of treasury options approaching 1.2 million contracts, with more than half of that volume on CME Globex. Clearly, market participants are watching economic data very closely with the yield on the 10-year rising above 2% recently. Longer-term catalysts for our interest rate products include the OTC mandate beginning in March, driving more revenue in swap clearing, as well as increased activity in our futures products, the continued resolution of regulatory uncertainty and improved confidence about the economy. In light of these catalysts, we are building our interest rate product suite and our focus remains on driving activity out the curve, examining new interest rate products and building our OTC swap business, which could potentially drive greater use of our core futures and options product. Moving on to OTC. We have seen a ramp-up in activity leading to the CFTC clearing mandate, with Phase 1 step to begin in March. So far, over 60 institutions have cleared trades at CME, comprising a wide array of market participants, including asset managers, hedge funds, insurance companies, GSEs and proprietary trading firms. Since the launch, we have cleared $1.6 trillion, and open interest is above $850 billion. 2013 is off to a good start, with many new customers on-boarding and clearing their first trades and many existing customers increasing their activity. January 2013 average daily notional was over $12 billion, and this compares to $6 billion in the fourth quarter and $4 billion in the third quarter of last year. We also added 8 additional clearing members in 2012, bringing our total to 23. Overall, there are 3 ways for us to help customers navigate the regulatory changes: cleared swaps; existing rate futures contracts; and the new innovative products that we are currently developing and have developed. And we're executing on all these fronts. We now clear the 7 major interest rate swap currencies that account for 95% of the market, 51 CDS indices and the 12 most active emerging markets' NDS. In addition, we received regulatory approval to implement portfolio margining for all market participants. Initial results are promising as these participants have seen significant risk offsets that account for margin savings of over $1 billion. Looking forward, we expect to grow the list of cleared OTC products, as well as launch interest rate swap clearing out of our European clearing house in Q1, well ahead of the mandate there. We also had a successful deliverable swap futures product launch in December with very strong buy and sell side support. There is significant interest in this innovative product and it's off to a great start with approximately 65,000 contracts traded to date, representing $6.5 billion in notional value, and the current open interest lies above 12,000 contracts, which represents about $1.1 billion in notional value. Although we have had nice volume following the launch, many potential clients are focused on the first roll in March and the upcoming clearing mandates in March and June, which will focus more attention on the benefits of this product compared to the alternatives. In addition, we received CFTC approval for our swaps. They are a repository for credit default swaps, interest rate swaps, commodities and FX asset classes. Our SDR will offer customers the ability to optimize their existing connections to CME Clearing for automated SDR reporting, which will facilitate straight-through processing, providing further value to our clients. We are excited about this as a natural extension of the clearing and processing services we offer to both sell and buy side clients, providing a compliant, efficient and low cost way for market participants to access an SDR. Turning to FX. January 2013 average daily volume was up 21% versus the prior year. We are seeing particular strength in the yen and British pound contracts, up 160% and 41%, respectively. FX options continue to be particularly strong, with quarter 4 ADV up 17% versus the prior year and up 56% in January compared to last year. We also hit multiple open interest records for the Japanese yen last week. In terms of open interest, we experienced record levels of FX open interest ending 2012, up 15% compared to the end of 2011. In addition, FX products hit a new all-time high of large open interest holders in December of 890, which is up from 860 in September, indicating that more customers are holding increasing amounts of FX risk at CME Group. Average daily volume in our FX business in December 2012 surpassed the volumes of all the OTC FX platforms for the second time in 6 months. This speaks to both success in building and diversifying our participant base, as well as the FX markets, increasing adoption of exchange-traded and cleared products in the form of CME FX futures and options. We also continue to see improvements and new opportunities within our energy complex. On January 11, the Seaway pipeline increased capacity to 400,000 barrels per day from 150,000 barrels per day, and we saw a tightening of the WTI-Brent spread and look forward to further tightening in the future as more WTI reaches market. In addition, since the 11th, we have seen more volume traded in CME's WTI futures than our competitors' Brent contract. Looking forward, the significant increases projected in U.S. production could lead to more hedging based on TI and lower imports, which are typically linked to Brent. We believe there will be 3 global crude benchmarks going forward: our WTI, Brent, and the DME Oman contracts. We intend to be successful in all 3. Although it is still early in development, we have recently hit record volume levels in our Brent and DME contracts, and open interest in Brent continues to grow. Also, DME Oman is going to be included in a new U.S.-based commodities fund, the United States Asian Commodities Basket Fund, which will give investors exposure to Asia's rapidly growing demand for raw materials. This inclusion recognizes the critical benchmarking role DME is playing in the expansion of the East of Suez markets, providing transparent price discovery and reflecting the economics of the Asian region like no other crude oil futures contract. We are making a very concerted effort to meet the hedging needs of our global client base and expand our market share in 2013 and beyond. Shifting to our globalization efforts. We accomplished a lot in 2012 and look to build on that momentum this year. In 2012, we continued to ramp up our sales and marketing efforts on a global basis, and we have launched a number of regionally specific products, including Black Sea Wheat and Chinese steel rebar swap futures, which are directed towards meeting unique risk management needs in particular geographies. We also continued to expand our global footprint and applied to the Financial Services Authority, or FSA, to register a London-based derivative exchange, CME Europe, which we anticipate launching in mid-2013. In addition, during 2012, we strengthened our international partnerships, including implementing our cross-listing and cross-licensing arrangement with BM&FBOVESPA and increasing our stake in the Dubai Mercantile Exchange to help build the new benchmark for crude oil in the East of Suez that I referenced a short while ago. Lastly, we advanced our efforts in India and China, including helping to facilitate operational readiness of several Chinese FCMs to trade our products and recently launching Indian rupee futures. In addition to our globalization efforts, we continue to enhance and further diversify our core. We completed the acquisition of the Kansas City Board of Trade, and our integration is progressing well since closing the transaction at the end of November. The hard red winter wheat ADV was up 25% in December versus a year ago and the implied inter-exchange wheat futures spread become available on CME Globex on December 10. Our customers will realize further efficiencies as we complete the largest 2 milestones of the integration in the coming year. In mid-April, we will consolidate clearing services under CME Clearing, and we plan to transition all floor trading to Chicago beginning on July 1, subject to the review of the CFTC. Additionally, in 2012, we launched the next generation of CME Globex, reducing order entry and market data latency variability, along with increasing capacity and cost efficiency. We also launched CME Direct technology for online trading at both exchange-traded and the OTC markets. In addition, we closed our joint venture with McGraw-Hill, securing the long-term exclusive license on S&P futures and OTC swaps. And finally, we launched our co-location business to create a valuable new revenue stream and had a successful first year. In summary, we remain extremely focused on future opportunities while investing in the right places and maintaining financial discipline to reward our shareholders. We have a lot to be proud of as a company but a lot of important work still needs to be done. 2013 is going to be a busy year for us, given all that we have planned as we position the firm for future growth. We have prepared for what lies ahead of us, and we look forward to continuing to build upon our world-class businesses. Now I will turn the call over to Jamie to discuss the financials.
James E. Parisi: Thank you, Gill, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'm going to review the results of the quarter and provide you with details around how we are positioning ourselves for 2013 and beyond. So jumping right in, excluding the tax entries mentioned in the release, our earnings per share would have been $0.63. Turning to revenue. The rate per contract for the fourth quarter was $0.831, up 2% from the fourth quarter of 2011 and up 1% sequentially. Compared to last quarter, a larger percentage of the business was from nonmembers, and we saw lower volume discounts and incentives, which are correlated with volume. Within the market data line, we saw a sequential drop of $3.5 million related to a reduction in screen counts due to an intensified focus on headcount and cost reduction in the financial services industry as we closed the year. Total fourth quarter operating expense was $285 million. It's important to note that in the fourth quarter, we reclassified 2012 clearing house bank facility fees of $8.6 million from other operating expense to interest expense in the nonoperating section of the income statement. Otherwise, expenses would have been $294 million. Breaking down operating expenses in more detail, starting with compensation and benefits, this line item was $113 million, down from $118 million last quarter. This was due to a $1.4 million sequential benefit from lower deferred compensation expense and favorable vacation accruals and severance costs. Our bonus was $12 million for the quarter, similar to the prior quarter. Our annual bonus in 2012 was down approximately 25% versus 2011. Our headcount ended the year at 2,566, basically flat for the year, with small net hiring at our technology center in North Ireland -- Northern Ireland, which results in lower overall expense due to less reliance on outside consultants. Turning to non-compensation expense. The main items that increased sequentially were marketing as we projected last quarter and technology support services, driven by greater annual maintenance costs. Many of the other items came in favorably relative to our expectation from last quarter's call. Turning to nonoperating income. We received $6 million in dividends from our various investments, down from $10 million last quarter. Interest expense jumped to $44 million, driven by the re-class of the credit facilities cost I already mentioned and by a full quarter of interest expense related to the $750 million note issued in September 2012. Capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $42 million in the fourth quarter and $140 million for the full year, down over 10% from the prior year. The pro forma tax rate was 40.1% in the quarter. Turning to the balance sheet. We had $1.7 billion of cash and marketable securities at the end of December. Despite the headwinds throughout the year, we continued to generate significant cash, returning more than $1.2 billion to our shareholders in 2012. Our dividend yields for 2012 approached 7%, or 4.5%, if you exclude the accelerated variable fifth dividend paid in December. We have received positive feedback on our novel dividend policy and will continue to consider and payout a fifth dividend for each year. Let me now turn to guidance for 2013. First, on revenue, starting with the access and communication fees line, at the end of 2012, our co-location customers had an opportunity to modify their infrastructure footprint upon renewal of their contracts. As this was their first opportunity to do so since the initial commitments they made in late 2010, many customers took the opportunity to adjust, reflecting current business needs. While the number of customers has remained fairly consistent, we expect a reduction of about $3 million per quarter in 2013 within this expense line, driven by both co-location and other access fees. Turning to expense. For 2013, we expect approximately $1.25 billion of expenses for the year based on our assumption of top line growth. In addition to normal inflation, there are 3 primary areas to point to, including bonus expense, investment in growth initiatives leading to higher staffing and a new marketing campaign. In 2013, as we do every year, we are resetting our bonus estimate to the target level of approximately $68 million. Remember, bonus expense had seen a significant pullback in 2012 based on lower-than-expected cash earnings. Each year, we reset the cash earnings target to reflect current and projected market conditions and business goals. After remaining relatively flat over the last 12 to 18 months in terms of headcount, we expect to resume hiring in 2013, including additional technology employees in Northern Ireland, additional staffing of our European exchange and clearing house and some new positions related to regulatory compliance efforts in clearing and market regulation. The other driver of the expense increase is a branding in advertising campaign to rebuild confidence in the derivatives market. The incremental marketing cost for this campaign is approximately $10 million in 2013. Our expense projection assumes cash earnings growth in 2013. Should 2013 cash earnings come in flat versus 2012, we would project expenses to be approximately $1.23 billion. For interest expense, we are projecting $39 million per quarter, which includes the costs associated with the increase and the size of both our corporate and clearing house credit facilities. Interest expense will decrease once our debt maturing in August is retired but may go back up temporarily if we decide to prefund the debt maturing in February of 2014. In terms of tax rate, we expect between 38% and 39% in 2013, down from the prior year due to the full year impact of the Illinois State apportionment change and other tax efficiencies. Lastly, in terms of capital expenditures, in 2013, we expect CapEx to be approximately $140 million to $150 million, the same guidance we had going into this year. In summary, we continue to focus on investing for the future. In particular, we want to position ourselves to fully take advantage of the changing regulatory and competitive landscape. As always, we remain intensely focused on generating and returning excess capital to our shareholders while also investing in our future. With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill. [Technical Difficulty] We'll go ahead with the next question, and that's from Jillian Miller with BMO Capital Markets.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So there's this contentious issue, I guess, being debated currently on how the SDRs are going to handle swaps data. And you've applied to the CFTC to allow you basically to automatically report all the CME cleared swaps automatically to your SDR, but I guess competitors are kind of fighting hard against that. So maybe you can just run through exactly what you're hoping to achieve with respect to the swap data, how you might potentially monetize that data and kind how you think the CFTC is looking at the issue?
Phupinder S. Gill: Ms. Miller, this is Gill. I'll take a shot at it. I'm sure there will be a lot of folks who want to talk. But I think, ultimately, the idea behind us applying for approval of this rule was to make it as efficient as possible for our clients if they're going to clear a swap at CME, to not do any more work than they have to, and we report it directly to our own SDR. And like I said a short while ago, it's straight-through processing at its best. And in terms of monetizing the venture, that was not a priority for us. When we launched, operational efficiency was the main goal behind what we were doing.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. So is that data something that you would charge for? Or is it something that you would just be collecting, reporting to a central facility and you wouldn't be directly keeping the market data from it?
Phupinder S. Gill: No, we are going to keep the official record of the swap that we clear and we have announced that we will not charge, at least for a while.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, got it. And then I guess moving on to another topic that's also kind of regulatory. It sounds like some of the commissioners are considering whether the block levels that you guys have set for energy futures might be too low. And I know that like virtually 100% of the ClearPort business is transacted off exchange in block transactions? So I just wanted to get an idea for what type of impact a larger block size would have on that business. Like if you could tell us what portion of your trades are coming from the smaller end of the block spectrum, anything that could help us kind of quantify the potential revenue that would be at risk if block thresholds were moved higher?
Terrence A. Duffy: It's Terry Duffy. I'll start for a second. As you know, we transitioned our ESF business on ClearPort to the smaller blocks in a very short period of time at the end of last year because of the CFTC mandate. While we did that, we had a few issues with CFTC because they were supposed to address the swaps -- the SEF rules before they were even supposed to get to these ESF rules, which they didn't. They went out in reverse order and kind of caught us a little off the curve, and our customers. So at the same time, now that we've transitioned to these smaller blocks, we have been working with the commission on a day-to-day basis to say that we need -- the market needs time to adjust and adapt to these new smaller block thresholds versus an ESF system. And for them to go and adjust block thresholds in the very near future could cause just as much harm as if they were not to give us the extents at the end of last year. So I do believe that the commission understands that and they don't want to be disruptive to the overall marketplace, and they will give us more time for -- to evaluate what the appropriate thresholds are for these block -- for these products. Again, I think we're talking about a handful of these products that are the majority of the revenue, so I don't think we're going to have any impact as it relates to that even if the blocks were changed.
Operator: The next question comes from Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Yes, I'll try again. Anyway, my question is, Gill, you mentioned that the OTC clearing is doubled literally quarter-over-quarter. But really, it jumped December from -- to January, double. So can you give us color, is there any certain clients or what's -- I'm sure in anticipation of March, but the reason that it just doubled from December to January -- in December, it was pretty much even that whole quarter.
Phupinder S. Gill: Rich, I'll start, and I'll ask Bryan and Derek to join in here. This is one of the major focus areas for us. And what we have been seeing in the last quarter that has continued on through this last month has been an on-boarding of both clearing members, as well as accounts, as more and more accounts are testing and more and more accounts are putting positions on live for us. And so I think the mandate, the March 11 mandate, has been taken very seriously by everyone. And they are preparing for not just the March mandate, but the bigger push of clients coming into us will occur in June, and we are seeing a healthy mix of both of those sets of clients that are coming into us now.
Bryan T. Durkin: Yes, I was just going to add -- it's Bryan. I was going to add to that point that as the March time line comes up, it affects more so hedge funds. But we are seeing a nice mix across asset managers, hedge funds, insurance companies, GSEs, proprietary trading firms, that have either come in clear trades or are well into the testing module. And so that adds to, I think, the significant pickup that we've seen this past month.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And just one follow-up on OTC as well. I guess, initially, I think at least, Terry, you were more conservative about the clearing opportunity. But as we get closer to the mandate, the March mandate, and the phase-in period. I guess, are we -- can you give us any view on what you think the revenue opportunity is, especially with futurization and especially without the SEF rules and the clearing mandate still looking like it's going to go through?
Terrence A. Duffy: I'll start, and I'll let Jamie take over more on the revenue side. But I think from -- when we first put together our clearing offering for OTC, we did it for a whole host of different reasons. So obviously, to offer services that needed to be offered because of the new law, but also to help bolster and continually build on our existing core model, which is our futures trading, Rich. So I do think when we put this into place, it wasn't just for the revenue that we could derive from it, it was more to enhance our core business and offer the services that our clients would need. So I could let Jamie address the revenue, but I think we've addressed that in prior calls, what the cost of it is going to be to clear per million.
Phupinder S. Gill: If I can just add before Jamie talks about the financial. I think we are the only exchange that has the value proposition for the capital efficiencies across all these asset classes that we have. I mentioned a short while ago that the cross margin savings that we have seen this very early stage has exceeded $1 billion up to this point in time. And so I think some of our client base is taking advantage of those capital efficiencies. It is the most capital-efficient solution anywhere out there among any of the exchanges or clearing houses that are providing this service.
James E. Parisi: Rich, it's Jamie. Just from the financial perspective, remember that a good chunk of the expenses associated with us being able to perform this OTC clearing are already embedded in our expense base. So going forward, the revenue coming in is on the margin -- high margin revenue. And then the other thing to remember is it's very early in the game. Obviously, it's hard to pick out any trends as yet. If you look this past quarter, we generated about $2 million of OTC revenue from the straight swaps and CDS. And that came in at a lower rate than the past quarters because of that incentive program that we've got in place to attract some of those high turnover customers that we weren't necessarily targeting previously, so that's new business as well. So it's too early to give you any other information.
Operator: Your next question comes from Roger Freeman with Barclays.
Roger A. Freeman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just on the client side portfolio margining, so is this fully rolled out from your end? Or is it just larger customers? And is that kind of what we're seeing driving that, the volume increase in January?
Phupinder S. Gill: The service itself across margining has been rolled out. The issue at hand that we have is the preparation on the part of the firms that are offering it. So customers want it, customers want to receive it, and they've got several firms in the pipeline that will be in a position to offer full cross margining for their client base in less than a month.
Derek Sammann: Yes, and I think -- this is Derek. Adding to that, I mean, the bulk of the focus right now for the FCMs is just getting the firms connected, getting these guys in place, making sure the flows work across the board. We've had some impact and some uptake so far on the house margin side that Gill mentioned before. We expect that will be coming over the coming months, so we're prepping for it. The FCMs had a lot of work just to onboard the core clients, and then the next focus from thereon will be the cross margining.
Roger A. Freeman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And Jamie, when you're talking through the put and takes on the interest expense, I mean, one of the pieces in there is entire credit facility costs tied to the clearing houses. Can you just expand on that and like how much is that and what's being required, just higher credit lines to back...
James E. Parisi: It's actually -- yes, Roger, it's no problem. It's actually -- what we did is we renewed our corporate facility this year and extended that out, and we also renewed the clearing house facility, which is a 364-day facility. In terms of the clearing house facility, we increased the amount of it from a $3 billion facility to a $5 billion facility. That was really to enable us to accommodate the potential for more and more collateral coming in, in the OTC -- in our OTC offering so we can provide liquidity in those cases where there's an issue in the clearing house, although we've never had to tap into these lines. And on the corporate side, we increased our line from roughly $1 billion to roughly $1.750 billion. Again, that was driven a lot by regulatory requirements and making sure that we had the requisite liquidity available to meet those requirements. So it was the increases in the amounts of the line that's really driving the increase year-over-year.
Roger A. Freeman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I mean, did the CFTC push for the higher limit on the clearing house?
James E. Parisi: No. It's just a -- it's just, it's a risk management decision made by our clearing house.
Phupinder S. Gill: Driven by needs, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just I guess coming back to the guidance. Jamie, maybe you can flesh out the comment on the co-location a little bit more. And I think you said the users are basically unchanged in terms of the magnitude of the users, but they're revisiting their footprints. So is this more guys looking at this and saying, "Okay, we thought this business will be bigger and maybe we don't as much capacity because there's just not enough volume?" Or is that people exiting the business altogether, new players coming in? Maybe just a little bit more color.
James E. Parisi: Yes, it's really driven by the existing footprint of participant's shrinking, in some cases, their individual footprints. Because remember, co-location was new for them, new for us a year ago. So I think people were being probably a little bit conservative in terms of the amount of space they wanted to take to make sure that they were covered for the coming year. And then obviously, last year wasn't the best of all years in terms of volumes and whatnot so I'm as people have pulled back a little bit. But in general, I would say that it's the same customer base. And going forward, we're going to look to drive more new customers there obviously. And as the markets recover, we would expect existing customers to grow their footprints back.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, good. And then just maybe ...
James E. Parisi: I just want to clarify that we're not seeing a drop-off in the client base in co-lo.
Phupinder S. Gill: There's a net increase slightly, some small increase in clients.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And then maybe just going to the OTC side, too, for a second here. I mean, obviously, pretty early when it comes to the deliverable swap future. But I'm just curious if -- when you talk to clients, like how is the marketing effort actually organized, like given that you -- I think, Gill, you said it yourself, you have 3 different offerings, you got the clearing, you got the existing product and you got the deliverable swap futures. So are you actively educating your clients? Are you working together with the FCMs? Are you saying, "Hey, this is really the best thing to do?" Or maybe you should use existing products? Maybe you could just differentiate just a little bit like what fits for whom and what is actually the best thing for you to push, I guess, if you could put it this way?
Phupinder S. Gill: What we do a good job at is to articulate the features of the products that we have, and it's up to the clients themselves to pick the products that they want. And there was an interesting survey conducted by your bank, not too long ago, that actually articulated some of the needs that some of these folks had. So the very large guys who are being serviced by the banks and would probably be able to clear on day 1, they would be focusing on on-boarding their swaps. For some of the client base that may be left out of the first wave of clearing and still have risk management needs, they would probably be the ones that will be attracted to the deliverable swap futures in the first instance. Or there may be clients on both sides that would find an interesting need to cover some of their sub-risk and the deliverable swap futures might actually help, too. So for a variety of reasons, the product appeals to almost the entire client base.
Derek Sammann: And Alex, I'll jumped in there. It's Derek again. To the extent that you asked how we're engaging our clients, we're engaging them from multiple levels. As we walk into clients talking about solutions and customer choice, to Gill's point, we can provide clearing solutions for them. We can offer them our existing deep pools of liquidity, our treasuries and Eurodollar complex. We can offer them now these hybrid solutions with deliverable swap future, and as we find often times that we rarely have a conversation about any one of those things in isolation. As soon as you talk about clearing, we say, "Well, if that doesn't suit you because that's a complex set of events that need to happen in relatively short order, let us tell you about the operational or capital efficiencies of our futures pool and let us tell you about this new product out there that maybe you've heard something about." So we're engaging them directly from our clearing house sales level, our clearing solutions level. We're engaging the clearing firms and their sales forces to educate their clients on the impact of their business, and we're also engaging some of the research folks at some of the banks to provide trading opportunities and just a level of education that get people comfortable with this pretty significant market structure shift that kicks off in March.
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Jamie, on the expense guidance, I was hoping to better understand your comment that if 2013 cash earnings come in closer to last year, your expenses would be, I think, $1.23 billion. As, I guess, I view your expenses as a component of cash earnings. So could you expand on that or perhaps frame that guidance in a different way in maybe volumes or revenue growth?
James E. Parisi: It's really -- it's very much tied to cash earnings. I'm not going -- I can't put any volume growth on it or revenue. I won't provide that sort of guidance. But the main driver that would push it down from the $1.25 billion to $1.23 billion would be bonus, and license fees, likely, with -- that are very much tied to our volumes.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then you mentioned a few times that the guidance is predicated upon some recovery in revenue. So I was just hoping you all could maybe walk us through some high-level thoughts on where you're relatively more or less constructive across all the major product complexes you trade and the major customer types who trade all with you.
Derek Sammann: Sure, it's Derek. I'll give you a quick highlight from the financial side. I mean, from the rates perspective, I think you probably saw all the action in our rates markets over the last week, with the pretty significant volumes that we saw going into last week and through nonfarm payrolls on Friday. We saw a couple of records hit, particularly in the treasury options. We saw an overall record in treasury options, which is a record that stood since 2007, just a shade under 1.2 million contracts. And interesting to note there, that about 70% of those -- of that option record was actually in puts, indicating that are starting to be building positions for what might likely be a change in the rates environment there. So very healthy growth over the course of last week. On the Eurodollar side, we've talked about the challenge in the front end of the curve. In the store complex, we've seen a nice build in our open interest since the December expiration in Eurodollar. That's up about 43% through yesterday at about 12.5 million, 13 million contracts, so we're seeing that build nicely. And that really was coming through last week, and that's built relatively quickly. On the FX side, you've heard Gill talk about some pretty significant moves in the FX market. The one area I'd point to there is probably in the yen. I think as folks are probably aware that dollar-yen has been pegged around that JPY 78 to JPY 80 level for about 2 years now with the Central Bank intervening. We've seen that reverse dramatically with some moves by the Japanese government, and the dollar-yen level has gone up to about JPY 90 to the dollar. That is directly linked to our 160% increase in yen volumes and the record level in yen options. So on the financial side, we're seeing sort of global recovery story and some rates expectations moves built into some of the volumes we've seen. Good healthy growth across our client segments, and we've seen open interest in large open interest holders impacted positively as well. So from the financial side, those are some of some the things we're seeing in these last couple of weeks, first few weeks of 2013.
James E. Parisi: And then on the energy side, we're seeing good trends as well in the context of both our crude -- particularly our crude oil complex, and a lot of that is driven by the increasing production that we're seeing in North America. As you're well aware, we talked quite a bit over the past year or so about the infrastructure changes and the investments that are being made in North America. And with the activities of the reversal of the Seaway pipeline and other infrastructure investments that are underway and extending pipelines to the Gulf in addition to the expansion of rail transport to the East Coast, this is increasing the production capabilities, opening up the flows of business and making it waterborne for our crude complex. We are seeing positive trends in the context of the narrowing of the spread and uptake in volume. And if you look at that, over the last course of the last several days, it's weighing in positive for that marketplace. In the context of equities, we feel that the volume and participation trends will get better when the VIX picks up off of its 5-year lows. And we're seeing indicators to that direction, as well as unemployment improving will be good for our rates complex and products overall.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess on the M&A front, just thinking about what's going on in the industry and the pending ICE NYX transaction, does that change your outlook for M&A? And if -- even if you think about the competitive dynamic, how you might think that might impact you on a longer-term basis?
Phupinder S. Gill: Dan, this is Gill. It doesn't change anything that we have shared with you in the prior months. Our strategy remains the same. The only caveat which I will repeat is that we will, as always, remain opportunistic. But for now, we do not see any large M&A opportunities.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I guess just expanding upon some of the OTC commentary. I guess, how prepared do you think the end customers are for this transition coming? I mean, it seems like you've seen a pickup in volume. Conversations are picking up. I mean, do you expect that ramp to continue into the March date? Or are people, you think, are kind of behind the 8-ball a bit here? Just any color there would be helpful.
Phupinder S. Gill: I'll ask Derek to comment. But because these dates have been widely known and the FCMs have been scrambling, I think they have resorted to choice where they are selecting their clients by waves. And for those clients that do believe that they may not get there in the first wave, there are alternatives that they look for, and that's one of the main drivers behind the development of the deliverable swap future contracts that we put out there. So I think, by and large, the awareness factor among the client base is extremely high. We have never seen a client base as prepared as they are now. Having said both of those things, there's going to be some lag, and how that lag is going to be treated by the clients themselves remains to be seen. They may shift firms. They may shift the product that they trade or they might just get on board.
Derek Sammann: Yes, and this is Derek. I'd echo that. I mean, to the extent that these dates really were kicked off in August last year when we knew that, that started the clock for this March deadline, remembering that the clients are coming into the mandate in category 1, 2, 3 and 4, each of through Q1, Q4 of 2013, what we see is, depending on what numbers you would believe, 15%, 20% of clients right now are already actively clearing, but a significant chunk outside of that are in active preparations based on where they believe they fall into which category. What we have heard definitively is that many of the customers are really following the lead from their dealers, knowing the dealers are the category 1 clearing entities caught on the mandate. So therefore, they're looking for a lot of guidance from not only their dealers and their clearing firms, but from us as well. So we've put a lot of effort into not only supporting the end-user client directly connecting, but also working with our clearing firms to provide the extra resource to them. So we're seeing a significant increase in engagement. We've talked about the pipeline of client clearing firms that have been connected to us, so we're seeing a lot of focus and, I think, a lot of core focus by the clearing firms to cater to all of these firms.
Terrence A. Duffy: Can I just put a little exclamation point -- and it's Terry Duffy. Over the last couple of years, as Dodd-Frank has evolved and working with the -- especially the big banks, they talked about how their operational readiness would take them years to get in -- to be in compliance. As they start to get put out, as Derek put forth, and we have a future meeting with these guys, they say how they can be operationally ready by tomorrow. So the point being is I think that no matter what you're hearing on the street, I think the readiness is a lot higher than what's being advertised.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Harris with Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So first question on your interest rate complex. So we know you guys should get some volume benefit assuming we get higher volatility on the interest rate side. But I guess what we don't know at this point is how much the decline in volumes you've had in this complex are simply due to users really not hedging their risks anymore. I'm wondering if you guys have a sense of that magnitude because really I want to ask you because it might help us visualize maybe what kind of upside there is in the complex, assuming we really start getting interest rates going higher here.
Derek Sammann: Yes, it's a little difficult to answer that one. I wish I had a crystal ball in front of me. I mean, what you've heard us tell you before and the actions you've seen us take have been to invest in products across our curve to build into the parts of the curve where there is volatility and where there is uncertainty. That was our big push into the Ultra Bond to give a very far end of the curve solutions when you found that the long bond was not tracking to its true 30-year risk. And you saw through that, the weekly treasury options, short-term volatility and then the mid-curves and the Eurodollar curve. What we don't know -- and I can't answer the question: How many folks are no longer hedging? What we do know is that issuance and the plans for what we think growth in underlying cash markets are going to be driving a very significant increase in demand for the products we have now. The breadth of our product scope now versus what we had 3 years ago, significantly larger and more diverse. And you add to that the fact that 300,000 of our rates ADV last year came from products we've launched in the last 2 years. More importantly, 12% of our interest rate open interest emanates from those products. It tells you kind of how we're positioned for return of volatility, I think.
Phupinder S. Gill: Hey, Chris, if I could add to what Derek just said. If you look at the products that we offer, right from the short end of the yield curve to the long end, it's safe to assume that many of our clients actually trade along that entire spectrum. And so to the extent that the volatility is very low in the short end, the product development effort that Mr. Sammann talks about that yielded us 300,000 contracts a day last year, and the actual client base itself hasn't shrunk, the things that they trade have shifted around. So they are trading along different parts of the yield curve and as the fundamentals that the fed has pegged -- like the unemployment rate that Bryan talked about a short while ago, should it drop below 7%, you'll start seeing activity across the entire spectrum of the yield curve. So the customers haven't gone away. They have moved on along the curve itself.
Christopher Harris - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that makes a lot of sense. And then I guess my follow-up question would be on the swaps opportunity. Correct my figures here if they're inaccurate guys, but it seems like LCH is doing a bit more buy side volume than CME at this point. And I know -- look, I know, it's really early days, but I would think your margin offsets might give you an edge here. So can you maybe help to explain this dynamic a little bit?
Phupinder S. Gill: I think I'll ask Derek to talk about it. I don't 100% visibility into what LCH is doing, but I can tell you a couple of things here. We are not sure how LCH would count what is a pure dealer-to-client volume versus what we might traditionally call D to D, when 2 banks deal with each other. On the other hand, I think more than 1/2 of the volume that they have put in there has been in the so-called OIS swaps, and we'll have that capability in a few short weeks here. And so that would put us back to par. The final point I will make there is the volume that's going through LCH is not translating into a substantial amount of open interest, which tells you there's a lot of high-frequency shops that are doing trading there or trying to offset their longs and shorts there. I think that would be at least a partial explanation as to why you might see some deferring numbers.
Derek Sammann: Yes, I think you are kind of comparing apples to oranges to the extent that you've got different definitions of what constitutes a client, and then the D to C equation there. But I think to the extent that the parity of portfolio clearing service capabilities between LCH and CME is, as Gill mentioned, one thing that we're working on, on those short-dated OIS swaps is a big chunk of that turnover, by definition, very short term. So when we think about what the opportunities, what the value proposition is, the first point of order for most of these guys is getting a curve solution in place and then looking at the capital margin efficiencies. And that's, as you've heard us say and the point of your question, a significant driver of choice over time. So as we look at and are able to grow and expand our open interest and our pools of offsetting liquidity and where customers can clear all 3 of those choices of products, we think we've got a compelling long-term solution for our global client base. Also worth noting that we will be bringing out our interest rate swaps clearing capabilities in Europe this year, and we're very close to doing that as well. So we're talking about globalizing our footprint in the clearing solutions side as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: One more on the OTC clearing business, if I can beat that one to death. So as you're talking to customers and they're deciding where they want to send their volume to be cleared, who is making that decision at the customers? I think I might have asked this last quarter as well, but is it the buy-side guys saying, "You know what, I get the capital efficiencies that seem eager, but I want to send it there." How much of a role is the clearing firm playing and where do you see that going?
Phupinder S. Gill: Mr. Duffy can confirm this, but I think the law requires that the buy side picks where the trade clears.
Terrence A. Duffy: Yes, right.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Are you seeing the sell side exert much influence over that or are they pretty much just kind of leaving it completely up to the buy side?
Phupinder S. Gill: As you might imagine, the sell side, like any other good business, would share their opinions with their clients and it's up to the clients to decide what's in his or her best interest. And at the end of the day, ultimately, the client has, at least now, 23 FCMs to choose from and that number is growing. So it used to be a small number, like 10 or so, and that number has gone up a lot.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then for my follow-up, so the CEO of the Japan Exchange Group was talking today about M&A and kind of threw out a few potential partners that he'd be interested in teaming up with or talking with in the future. I guess kind of big picture, how far away do you think we are from consolidation with Asia? I know that, historically, there's been regulatory roadblocks and maybe some other issues have got in the way. Do you think we're getting close to a point where North America and Europe are going to start to team up with Asian exchanges?
Phupinder S. Gill: That's not clear. I think up at the end of the day, Asia, as you know, is made up of a bunch of nationalistic societies, so different countries have different policies that are in place. And so it really depends and kind of really speak to what Saito-san was saying in the -- that you read about in the press. But I think that the -- CME's approach to doing business in Asia since 1984 has been an approach that has worked for us with the link that we put in with the Singapore Exchange. Having extended the relationships that the Korean Exchange, the Bursa Malaysia and, in time to come, others, many of the exchanges in China and the FCM in China entities that CME has a close relationship with. And I think for now, as many of these exchanges are trying to find their feet, it's the best approach for us at this time. And it allows us access to a client base and it allows these exchanges access to our technology, as well as some of the expertise that we may have, that they may need.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question, really on the equity business. And you mentioned volatility being down, but cash volumes are up and interest in domestic equity products is up. So how does the positives kind of work its way through either E-mini volumes or standard volumes? And can either of those products work if volatility remains at kind of low current levels?
Phupinder S. Gill: Ken, this is Gill. I think the positive news on the cash side when you saw the net inflow of $3 billion or so that came into the equity market early this year is actually slightly an offset against the amount of money that left last year or, in fact, the last 1.5 years or 2. We are very enthusiastic about the prospects of the products that we have. But the extremely key indicator for volume pickup there is going to be volatility, both on the derivative side, as well as on the cash side. I would call a lot of the activity that has occurred in the last month more positioning than anything else at this time.
Derek Sammann: Yes, the VIX is still close to 5-year lows right now. And if you actually track a little the correlation between volumes and volatility, it's pretty closely knit. It is interesting, we have heard over the last couple of weeks some more calls for potential sector rotation at a fixed income into equities. Certainly, that would be something that we would welcome. We think that would indicate a shift in positive trends for each of us. But we have been following the flows back into equity funds, but we'll see if that has any impact on the volatility. That will be an additional driver to look at.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then I wanted to just probe into the enthusiasm for cross margining. To what extent can you cross margin nondollar swaps with your dollar-based futures products. Like is that something that resonates with investors? Or is it really the dollar-based swaps that you cross margin with the dollar-based futures?
Phupinder S. Gill: No. Actually, it's exposure to exposure. So to the extent that you have nondollar exposure, as you're trying to offset against dollar exposure, you find the common currency give a haircut to that currency for risk management purposes and understanding the characteristic of the instrument that you're trying to cross margin, cross margining dollar versus nondollar exposure's equivalent to cross margining dollar versus dollar exposure. It's simply exposure on your books, you have to take different things into account.
Derek Sammann: Yes. And if there's going to be -- to that point, as from our energy's complex, even between our, say, metals and foreign exchange, we actually do have some margin reductions for people who want to trade that as a spread, say, Aussie dollar against gold. There's a correlation on the clearing [ph] the clearing house allows for some margin reduction there. It's all risk-based. So to the extent that they run correlations and back test and make sure they've got an ability to risk manage that appropriately, that's the basis upon which cross margining happens.
Phupinder S. Gill: There's a minimum correlation threshold, that anything that is proposed to be cross margined has to cross, and that threshold is very high. Once you cross that threshold, the currency of denomination is actually irrelevant.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Niamh Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: The futurization of swaps, it's just a growing den of industry participants outside of the exchanges kind of appealing to regulators to maybe better harmonize correlation or margin requirements for swaps versus future. It just seems like there's a lot of people seem to be quite concerned that even just the margining requirements are going to be enough to maybe encourage people to trade some futures instead of swaps. So help me understand your perspective on this. I mean, clearly, you'd benefit if you did see more futurized swaps or even in your swap deliverable futures did well. But is there an opportunity for them to kind of replace a lot of the swap sell volume? And if not, why not?
Phupinder S. Gill: The reason our perspective is very straightforward and very clear that the 5-day requirement on swaps or the 1-day requirement or the 2-day requirement on the futures is a function of what I'll call visibility. If you can -- if you have a default on your hand and you're trying to get rid of a portfolio, if you have visibility, which the futures markets have, it is that much simpler to exit a portfolio from your books. During the Lehman crisis, we sold a multibillion dollar book within half an hour. And within 3 hours of announcing the sale, it was taken off the books in an auction. In the same crisis, it took several days for the Lehman swap book to get transferred out from LCH. So the margin requirement is a reflection of that one phenomena. No visibility is going to be more difficult. You'll need 4 or 5 banks, maybe more, to basically bid. With visibility your options for getting rid of a portfolio are immensely improved. So ultimately, take for example LCH, when they margined their swap book and have been doing this for the last 20-some years, they have margined it on either 5-day, or even more, basis. By the same token, LCH was margining Euribor, which they still do, and that's always done on a 1-day basis. The comfort level there is no different than the comfort level they should have when you're talking about a futures contract against a swap. It's a question of the function of visibility. And so take the swap futures for example, to the extent they're brand-new contract and there are some parts of the contract that are still not clear to folks and there's some concern that our risk guys have, they may, at their option, look to margin it on a 2-day basis, which I believe for the historic -- for the deliverable swap futures, we have done. What the deliverable swap futures have and the clear swaps don't have yet is the trading platform where buyers and sellers can come on by and actually you can get a price. And even if there was a block trade done, within minutes of that block trade occurring, the price is known to everybody. That level of transparency and visibility is the only thing that drives the margin requirements difference between a swap and a future. Does that make sense?
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: It does, Gill. But I guess if this doesn't change, then I guess it makes the argument stronger that maybe people should trade these futurized swaps or the deliverable swap futures. It's a stronger argument for these things to almost replace the swaps. And I was just trying to understand what's the counterargument to that, that you don't actually see. Rather than cleared swaps growing as we've been talking about, maybe just more of these deliverable swap futures or futurized swaps growing instead because the collateral requirements are going to be lower.
Phupinder S. Gill: They will be, I think, at least, initially I think I can't talk about -- or no one knows how the market might evolve with respect to execution facilities down the road. But the one thing that swaps have that deliverable swap futures by their design don't have is an extremely high level of customization and...
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: And the hedge accounting benefit then, I guess.
Phupinder S. Gill: And that's what you'll find the very sophisticated swap uses are going to continue to use. Right?
Terrence A. Duffy: Yes, I was just going to emphasize, about your point, Gill. I think that's really what it's at, Niamh. But to say that we can just transition the entire OTC market into a listed futures market, I don't see that to be a possibility because of some of the customization that are with some of these products, the opaque nature that they trade. They're just going to have to trade as a swap and they're going to have to fall under the requirements of the 5-day, or if they're unclear, the 10-day requirements. And that's just the way it's going to have to be. So you will get some people that can get enough correlation between a swap and the future transitioning into futures because of the economic efficiencies associated with it. And I think that's what we're seeing today, and we'll continue to see more of that. But I don't see the overall market going away completely.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to just, I guess, follow up on the last question one more time. When you think about the 3 options that you're offering clients right now, whether it's clearing swaps, swap futures or your interest rate futures product, can you give us a sense on how the economics are different or the net economics are different to you and whether or not you sort of care in which way clients will start to shift their business?
James E. Parisi: Yes, this is Jamie. I'd say, if you look at our -- obviously, the futures contracts, we have the stated rate card out there. On the deliverable swap futures, the rate is very similar to our treasury contracts. And then on the interest rate swaps, for most customers, the average is going to be in the $5 to $6 per million range. Now you can normalize all of that, when you think about having to do strips of our base futures contracts, for example, to equal a swaps contract or a swap OTC contract, so we try to take all that into consideration, as well as rolls and that sort of thing.
Derek Sammann: Yes, and I was going to jump on that. I mean, what you see a large percentage of our contracts get rolled. So not only is there the execution at the outset, but then there's a roll process. And then some of the cleared swaps price, we had accounted for that with different upfront fees. So you need to think about how long these are going to stay on their books. The standard rate swap is a 5 to 7 year, so just that is the difference in the terms of having an economics hit.
Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. And then just my follow-up, I guess, and I know it's still early in the year. But when you guys think about a return of capital for this year, I know last year, you obviously provided a little bit of color on how much cash you see yourself having by the end of the year and how much you need to have. But I guess capital requirements at the clearing house, you obviously increased the size of your credit facility recently. How do you guys think about, I guess, the minimum for -- that you feel comfortable with in terms of cash for this year?
James E. Parisi: Sure. Our minimum cash target for the balance sheet hasn't changed. It's $700 million is what we're looking to hold. Now over time, as capital requirements evolve, that may be impacted somewhat but I don't see it being impacted in a very significant way.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Allen with Evercore.
Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just one quick question. On the market data revenue line, I just wonder if you could maybe give us some color in terms of how much the screens have declined year-over-year. And thinking about next year and further out, one of the themes that people have been talking about as the over-the-counter markets transition more towards an electronically traded market is reducing the human capital element with the technological trading in these markets, so that would -- might argue for fewer screen counts moving forward. I just wonder if you could provide any color on that.
James E. Parisi: I can start, and then maybe some of my colleagues can jump in. But if you look over the longer term, I'd say over -- if you look at our peak terminals in -- back in 2008, we're down over 20% versus that peak. So in that, I do really feel that the key driver there is you just keep seeing the headlines every quarter about more and more layoffs on the street and certainly they are very large users of that service. You do hit on another area that we're thinking hard about is that we do today provide fee waiver on our Globex terminals for market data.
Phupinder S. Gill: I think the fee waiver portion of this has been in place for at least the past 12 years, Chris, so that is not going to be a driver of whether market data revenue goes up and down. I think Jamie hit the nail on the head with respect to what's going on there. It's just a normal and ordinary business cycle for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Ditmire with Macquarie.
Edward Ditmire - Macquarie Research: You guys make a significant amount of money, maybe about 1/10 of your transaction revenue from clearing over-the-counter energy swaps, which Slide 8 shows as a extremely small portion of your over-the-counter swap market and it's a market where you split the opportunity with other firms. What kind of hurdles are out there over the next couple of years in the medium-term to take your progress and all the business you're doing in interest rate swaps and turn that into a new significant profit driver like that ClearPort energy swap facility?
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill, Ed. I think it's too early to say how the market might evolve. I think if you look at the asset classes on the futures side that we had and you look at the potential opportunity that exists for us not just in the rate side and the energy side, but potentially across all the asset classes and the significant need for capital efficiencies among our client base, I think I'm fairly optimistic about how the OTC swap marketplace might grow in either 1 of the 3 forums. But it's too early to tell when and it's too early to tell how.
Edward Ditmire - Macquarie Research: Got you. And one follow-up question. With the incentive programs you have around this over-the-counter clearing product, how long term are these incentives and can you envision a time where critical mass has reached that? Do you think the network effects takeover as a real compelling reason and incentives become less important?
James E. Parisi: Ed, this is Jamie. It's just -- for us, it's just too early to tell. It's way too early in the game to judge when -- to judge how that will play out. And it may be that we need those incentives for a particular type of customer for a very long period of time because that's -- it's reflective of the type of business that they do. They're not -- the incentives that are in place today in the interest swaps arena are for high turnover customers, so they're not putting on positions and holding in the clearing house for a very long period of time. So it's not real taxing to the clearing house for each particular trade.
Phupinder S. Gill: Ed, if I can add, these incentives are not extraordinary in any way, shape or form. They're just part and parcel of incentives that we would put out there for any kind of new product or service that we would put out there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with ISI Group.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just one more on the OTC and interest rate, maybe for Derek. What's your sense of your ability to convert customers over from the swap to futures in a sense of the timing? Obviously, you don't need to convert a large part of this market to contribute significantly to the revenue stream. But what's your sense of -- to what extent a lot of the education that you've done and conversations with the clients will have an inflection point around the March 11 time frame or at one of the other points doing this year? Or do you think it's a really -- a much multiyear effort before we see traction in the traditional interest rate futures complex as a result of that effort?
Derek Sammann: Well, I think it's a couple of things and remembering that March 11 is not a big thing. We're going to phase-in clients every quarter from March all the way through to December of this year. And the Phase Is, for the most part of it, are the biggest, largest entities out there, some of the dealers and maybe some of the biggest hedge funds. And then you'd be phasing clients behind that. So there have been a lot of folks that, once the news came down in August, said all right I've got a date to work towards but they're looking to their clearing firm to give them guidance as to where and how they should expedite their process for readiness. And as Gill has mentioned before, a lot of work is being done right now by us, by our clearing house folks, by our sales folks, engaging both the clients, as well as the clearing firms for readiness on both sides. There are reports out there indicating different levels of readiness across the client base. A year ago, you would have seen a very, very low level of preparation. But now that we're really looking at the kick-off date in March, we're seeing probably close to 75% of the folks that are at least working towards readiness over the course of this year. In terms of what products they end up in, all I can tell you is the time we spend with customers talking about futures, these hybrid deliverable swap futures and clearing services is about equal, and that tells us there's an appetite understand what suits their book and what products would be the best product of choice for them.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So there's an appetite out there. We'll just have to really watch for progress over the course of the year.
Derek Sammann: Yes, and I think you'll see that process happen, and the more that we see firms take up our offer of cross margin, and I think that will be a compelling value proposition. And as Gill mentioned, we've got clearing services across every major asset class.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. Just a very quick follow-up for Jamie. The build-out or the second wave of the build-out of the co-location, I know you didn't really give a time frame initially when you'd do that. But given your guidance on that, is it safe to say that, that's not going to be an effort this year?
James E. Parisi: Yes, that's -- we did some preparing last year in terms of infrastructure. And as the demand pulls, we'll revisit it.
Operator: And this concludes the question-and-answer session for today's call. I'll turn the call back over to the speakers.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you, all, very much, and we look forward to speaking with you in the next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your line.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John C. Peschier - Managing Director of Investor Relations Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee James E. Parisi - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director of Finance & Corporate Development Terrence A. Duffy - Executive Chairman, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee Derek Sammann - Senior Managing Director of Financial Products & Services Kimberly S. Taylor - President of CME Clearing House Division
Analysts: Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Roger A. Freeman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Matthew S. Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Akhil Bhatia
Operator: Welcome to the CME Group Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'll turn the call over to Mr. John Peschier. You may begin, sir.
John C. Peschier: Thanks, and I thank all of you for joining us this morning. Gill and Jamie will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights for the third quarter, and then we'll open up the call for your questions. Terry Duffy, Kim Taylor and Derek Sammann are on the call as well. Before we begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on the call and in the slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. For detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which are available on our website. Also note, the final page of our earnings release contains a reconciliation to our GAAP results this quarter. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Gill.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you, John, and good morning, and thank you for joining us this morning. I will discuss our performance in the third quarter and provide updates on a few of our strategic initiatives before turning things over to Jamie to review the financials. During the third quarter, we continued to take steps to strengthen our business in a dynamically changing environment. One of the main things we think about and have focused on during the last few years is how to position the company to address customer needs as the market rapidly shifts. I'll talk a bit about that today. Let me start with interest rates. We have worked hard over the last few years to enhance our interest rate product offering in light of the Fed zero-interest rate policy and have had several successful product introductions since 2010. These developments have added more than 305,000 to our average daily volume and 3.8 million of open interest to our interest rate complex. More recently, we announced that we will launch deliverable interest rate swap futures contracts in a couple of weeks. This innovative new product will benefit clients by providing a unique way of -- a unique way to access interest rate swap exposures. Our customers will now have a complementary standardized product that provides the advantages offered by futures contracts, including pricing transparency, ease of legal documentation, the automatic netting of positions and margin savings. Interest rate swap futures were created to meet strong demand from financial market participants, including banks, hedge funds, asset managers and insurers. Citibank, Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley are among the firms who are for planning to serve as market makers [ph] for the product, enabling market participants to access deep and liquid markets. Turning to foreign exchange. For the first time ever, CME Group's foreign exchange average daily volume surpassed the volumes of all of the OTC FX platform to become the largest FX venue globally, with CME Group's September average daily notional trade of $129 billion. This was driven by strong growth with asset managers and particularly, with banks. In addition, FX open interest reached its highest level ever in September, and the CFTC's Traders of Financial Futures Report also shows a record level of large open interest holders for CME Group FX products. This confirms that there is -- that the increasing number of market participants are holding more FX risk in the form of CME Group FX futures, which is a trend that counters much of the risk of sentiment in the OTC FX cash markets. Moving on to energy. We are in the process of expanding our OTC energy offering. Dodd-Frank Regulation is driving changes to the OTC energy markets. CME Group has a long history of providing customer choice and flexibility within a strong regulatory framework. And with this background, we are well-positioned to help customers adapt their current practices to new regulations. Customers can now access the CME ClearPort slate via multiple execution methods, including the ClearPort EFS offered historically, our Globex central limit order book, the trading floor, cross trades and block trades. These expanded execution options provide futures regulatory treatment for those customers to whom this is a concern. To help energy markets manage through this transition period, ClearPort EFS transactions are exempt from counting towards swap dealer thresholds through the end of this year. In this evolving regulatory climate, we continue to roll out new tools to boost the customer choice, including CME Direct, our platform for side-by-side online trading of exchange listed and OTC markets, and CME Direct Messenger, a sophisticated messaging platform integrated with CME Direct and confirm how to trade confirmation services. CME Direct Messenger will be powered by market-leading instant messaging software developed by Pivot, which we recently acquired. Additionally, we are in the process of applying to be a swaps data repository, which will allow us to assist customers in managing their swap reporting needs. We understand our customers' concerns during this slate of regulatory flux. We continue to deal -- to lead the effort with other market participants to ensure our offering meets their needs and to advocate on behalf of our clients for clear, logical regulatory policy that protects end-user's ability to manage risk safely and effectively. Our leadership here, the strength of our product offering and its flexibility going forward, as well as our strong focus on meeting customer needs will continue to make CME ClearPort a key risk management tool for energy markets during and after this period of regulatory change. CME Group's agriculture commodities continue to meet the demand of our customers. Average daily volume for the third quarter was up 14% compared to the same period last year. Open interest has also grown from 6.1 million open contracts at the beginning of the year to 8.8 million contracts on October 23, which represents a growth of 44%. Moving onto our growth initiatives. We continue to expand our product offering and enhance our global partnerships. We announced the launch of U.S. dollar-denominated Ibovespa futures that have recently started to trade. This new cost listing arrangement provides our customers access to Brazil's key benchmark product, and this initiative allows our clients to improve their ability to manage market and counter-party risk exposure across various asset classes. In addition, BM&FBOVESPA has began trading in the S&P 500 futures contract, which is settled to cash to the price of the S&P 500 Index futures contract. This is the first futures contract traded on the Brazilian exchange to reference a U.S. stock index, and it has gotten off to a good start. Turning to the clearing arena. We remain well-positioned to benefit from the regulatory mandates as we continue to focus on our capability to onboard new customers and expand our OTC product offerings. We have worked extensively with the buy side and sell side for a purpose-built solution, to meet the needs for real-time clearing unlike some of our competitors. Overall, we continue to experience a significant increase in firms finalizing their internal OTC clearing readiness and setting up production accounts to prepare for clearing. In addition, we recently announced the approval to provide portfolio margining of OTC interest rate swap positions in Eurodollar and treasury futures for customer accounts beginning in the fourth quarter of 2012. The risk reduction achieved will result in capital efficiencies for customers of up to 90% for certain portfolios, and these are numbers that remain unparalleled in the industry. This offering complements the same portfolio margining for house accounts that went into effect in May of this year. Also, we recently incorporated a pricing discount plan for high turnover swap participants who tend to maintain risk-neutral portfolios that do not require large amounts of initial margin. This is an important step for us to continue to on-board a more diverse portfolio of clients, which we feel will benefit our markets by providing liquidity and higher efficiencies. Shifting onto our globalization efforts. We continue to make progress during the quarter. We applied to the FSA to create a London-based derivative exchange with an expected launch in mid-2013, pending regulatory approval. This will allow us to build on the success I mentioned earlier in FX. Similar to the demand we have experienced in the U.S. with customers migrating to the FX product suite, there has been a strong demand for market participants in Europe, who have access to the FX futures market under the umbrella of the FSA. With that in mind, we will initially begin offering foreign-exchange futures product and then expand into other asset classes. We continue to see an increase in business coming from our diverse set of clients in Europe, with more than 16% of our total volume now originating from that area and 24% of that in foreign exchange. Having an exchange in London that can leverage to central counter-party model of CME Clearing Europe will allow us to align ourselves even more closely with our regional clients in both listed futures and OTC markets and provide additional opportunities to expand our non-U.S. customer base through regional trading and clearing solutions for Europe, as well as for Asia. Additionally, we continue to make significant progress in our efforts in China. As we have mentioned before, our objective has been to facilitate operational readiness of the Chinese FCM. This progress was evident when 35 chairman and CEOs of Chinese FCMs visited Chicago last month and spent a week at CME Group in order to bridge their knowledge and operational gaps in market access, on-boarding, clearing and risk management, regulatory readiness and products and hedging. We also renewed the existing MOU with the Shanghai futures exchange, which has created a forum for information sharing between the 2 organizations regarding the potential development of derivatives products in China. In addition, we expanded our overall suite of Chinese renminbi products to include deliverable renminbi futures. We also announced the launch of Chinese Steel Rebar Swap Futures which allows customers who have exposure to the Chinese construction and rebar industry to manage their price risk by using the most relevant price data. Lastly, we also announced last week that we have entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the Kansas City Board of Trade, the world's premiere exchange for trading hard red winter wheat futures and option contracts, which serve as the international benchmark for wheat used in bread. This acquisition will expand and diversify our agricultural product offerings to include high-protein wheat, which is the largest, physically produced U.S. wheat grade and the primary export of wheat globally from North America. In addition, it will provide us the opportunity to grow the coal through spread opportunities between wheat products, as well as growth in options, including new products. It will also give an enhanced opportunity to provide capital and operational efficiencies for clients. In summary, I want to reiterate that we have taken steps to strengthen our business in this environment, and we will not be complacent. We remain efficient and continue to generate a lot of cash while also investing in the business. We are working hand-in-hand with clients, including an expanding group of intermediaries, to help them navigate in this new world. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jamie to discuss the financials.
James E. Parisi: Thanks, Gill, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'm going to review the results of the quarter. It was a tough environment with regard to trading volume, but we continue to make progress in terms of what we can control. Excluding the nonrecurring tax entries, our earnings per share would have been $0.70 for the quarter. Let me start a detailed discussion on the quarter with revenue. As Gill mentioned, average daily volume was down compared to an exceptionally strong third quarter last year. However, we saw an uptake -- uptick in the rate per contract over the same period. The rate per contract for the third quarter was $0.822, which was up 6% from the third quarter last year and up 1% sequentially. Compared to the last quarter, the product mix was favorable and lower incentives had a positive impact on the RPC. Turning to expenses. Total operating expense was $287 million. Although the lower expense was partially driven by the removal of costs previously associated with the Dow Jones and CMA businesses, it also reflects our continued focus on managing the organization as efficiently as possible, while still progressing with these longer-term growth initiatives. That said, we also had some positive timing-related benefits in Q3 which will result in additional expense in Q4. Let's get into some of the details. Compensation and benefits was $118 million, which included a $12 million bonus accrual, down 38% from Q3 last year. And we also recorded $14 million in stock-based compensation. In addition, due to the 6% increase in the equity market in Q3, we booked $1.9 million in deferred compensation expense, which is offset with higher investment income, compared to a $1.7 million credit to expense in Q2 for deferred compensation losses. With respect to staffing, our overall headcount went down during Q3 from 2,604 to 2,546, driven primarily by the S&P Dow Jones transaction, with 110 employees having moved off to CME Group payroll in July. Additionally in the quarter, we added 33 employees from the Pivot acquisition and we hired 13 folks in our new Northern Ireland office. Turning to non-compensation expense. The main items that dropped sequentially were amortization and professional fees, both as a result of the S&P Dow transaction. In addition, other expense dropped sequentially due to timing-related items in marketing and the reduction tied to currency fluctuations. Looking ahead to Q4, we expect expenses to come in between $300 million and $305 million, which includes a full quarter of expense from the Pivot transaction. The 2 line items which will likely rise are other expense, due primarily to higher marketing costs driven by several events in the fourth quarter, and professional fees, mainly due to regulatory-related expenditures. During our last earnings call, I said I expected our second half expense to be $595 million. With today's results, combined with the Q4 guidance, that drops to between $587 million and $592 million. Turning to nonoperating income. We received $9.7 million from dividends from our investments in BM&FBOVESPA and IMAREX, up from $6 million last quarter. Also in the third quarter, we issued $750 million of 10-year debt at an all-in cost of 3.4% per year. We will be using these bonds to retire our outstanding 5.4% notes due next August. In terms of modeling this, interest expense this quarter was partially impacted and increased to $30.2 million. The run rate for interest rate expense over the next few quarters will approximate $35.5 million, and then once the old debt matures, we will save approximately $15 million annually due to the lower rate over the next 9 years. Lastly, equity and gains of unconsolidated subsidiaries was $16.5 million with our share of the S&P Dow Jones business coming in at $17 million, a bit stronger than we originally projected. Capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances totaled $35 million in the third quarter. For 2012, our CapEx expectations are now in the $140 million to $145 million range. The pro forma tax rate was 40.7% in the quarter, and we expect the Q4 tax rate to be slightly below this. Turning to the balance sheet. We had $2.1 billion of cash and marketable securities at the end of September, which included a $750 million of debt that we took on. As Gill mentioned, we announced the potential acquisition of the Kansas City Board of Trade last week. We think the combination of these complementary wheat products will lead to capital and operational efficiencies for our customers while we work to expand the business. We will be investing $126 million of cash in this transaction, and we expect the deal to generate returns in excess of our cost of capital while also being slightly accretive. Even with this transaction, we will have excess cash at year end. As I mentioned last quarter, we remained focused on returning this excess to our shareholders, and our board will meet prior to the end of the year to discuss our plans. In summary, we continue to focus on investing for the future, being ever more efficient in generating and returning excess capital to our shareholders. With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Gill, I just heard your comments on this high turnover discount that you're talking about now on the OTC, I guess, clearing side. So maybe you can elaborate a little bit on that. I guess the questions are, that sounds to me like, okay, proprietary market maker, not sure how much of that exist in the swap market today. But obviously, market structure is changing. So how do you think those guys are going to enter the market? How quickly do you think they're going to be there? And most importantly, I guess, for Jamie, how does that change your $5 to $6 outlook for interest rate swap clearing on average per million?
Phupinder S. Gill: That's a good question. Yes, we're talking very specifically about a very select number of clients who would actually trade a lot but may not hold the type of open interest. So as we focus on clearing of this OTC transactions, what we're trying to do with this pricing scheme is to capture every different type of client. And so this is just simply 1 type of client that may not hold the open interest that you might expect the majority of the client base to actually hold. So it is a prograde, given the role that this particular type of client plays.
James E. Parisi: And remember, this is a group of customers that we haven't previously been targeting, so it's incremental to the model for us. And remember, most of the expenses associated with the OTC clearing were already in our expense base. So the more business we can drive across the platform even an incentive rate, the better off we are.
Phupinder S. Gill: Alex, if I could just add 1 more thing to what Jamie just said. I mean, keep in mind, we're talking about a marketplace and an environment that is evolving, and you won't see the full impact of what is going to be done by the so-called high-frequency guys versus the rest of the marketplace until about the end of the year when the full impact of clearing sinks in the end of next year.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: All right, great. And then maybe just shifting gears for a second here to energy. Obviously, it's not a secret that Brent has been taking market share from WTI. And to some degree, that's really not your fault. Obviously, that's where the market is going. But I guess, one of the things we've seen here over the, I don't know, last year or so is that when you look at open interest trends, your competitor is actually been taking some market share when it comes to open interest in particular. And talking to some energy traders, people are saying that there is some folks that are moving positions over away from you because they want to get the capital efficiencies with Brent which has obviously taken market share. So obviously, that's not a great trend. So I guess my question is, are you seeing that yourself? Are you engaging with clients? And what kind of options do you have to kind of recapture some of that, in particular capital efficiency on the energy side that you might be losing here?
Phupinder S. Gill: Thanks, Alex, that's another good question. I didn't understand the capital efficiency point because if you're talking about capital-efficient markets, you've got to have both sides of it because we have, as you may know, up with a 85% of the TI marketplace, and Brent is enjoying the lead that they have largely because of the short-term nature of the issues that TI is facing, the structural issues that TI is facing. So I would sum up the environment as TI having some short-term challenges, which is the reversal of the pipeline. And when that occurs, I think some of those short-term challenges will be behind us, and Brent having what I would describe as long-term challenges that are supply base, which is why they acknowledge in the industry. So if you look forward on a going forward basis with respect to what the environment might look like as far as these transparent marketplaces for pricing crude, I will shape themselves out, you can expect 3 benchmarks around the world where you can have a North American benchmark, which TI very clearly is the North American benchmark or the benchmark on this part of the world. The European benchmark, which is Brent. And then the unmet need which is on the Asian consumer base, they tend to, for the most part, consume solid crude and no one is meeting their need with the exception potentially of the DME that is beginning to get the volume that has been elusive for them over the last few years. So the open interest shift that you have seen is largely based, I think, not so much on capital efficiencies, as much as it is pricing, which is 1 way to move open interest. And those types of moves by and large, by our experience, are not generally sustainable over the long term.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: The question is on cash and the special dividend. So it looks like cash levels, absent the debt raise you did, stayed flat. I was wondering if you could explain some of the ins and outs of that, Jamie. And then related to the special dividend, as we approach year end, because you carry-on this extra debt, would you go below the $700 million sort of target knowing that you could replenish it and you have that cash there, but I know it's dedicated for the debt paid down. So just about the special dividend, I guess, and the parameters.
James E. Parisi: Okay, Rich. So a couple of questions there. One was on the cash side, there is some activity on the cash side this quarter that I'd classify as investing or financing-type activities. So every quarter, we have $150 million dividend roughly that we pay. So that's certainly was an outflow. We also had outflows associated with our acquisition of Pivot, and some other outflows types of some interest losses that we have. So it's all financing-related, and the total of that was probably in the area of $270 million. On the -- in terms of using some of that $750 million at the end of the year as part of the return and then replenishing that later, we tend to take out a pretty conservative approach here. We want to maintain that $750 million to fulfill the maturity that's coming up next year. So as I said on the last call, that's kind of off-the-table in terms of the consideration for return. We will have excess cash above and beyond of that, that we'll be looking at.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And I guess my follow-up would be on the OTC side. I guess, you are -- as you noted today, you're seeing a spike again in OTC clearing barn. It doesn't seem like there's a lot of revenue right at this point, that's one part of it. But I guess the broader question, as we look at your OTC strategy, Terry and Gill, you launched this DFS -- or will launch the DFS product. You got an arrangement with Eris, you got an arrangement now with 2X [ph], you're trying to be a swap, or will be a swap depository, data depository. So I guess the question is, is there an overarching strategy? You talked about possibly being a set as well as an overarching strategy as you attack the OTC? Or is it going to be, we're trying to get in every area and every opportunity?
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes. Thanks, Richard. I think you summed up a part of the strategy that we have. And if I were to describe, an overarching strategy for the CME here is generally, it's going to be a full comprehensive service offering to our client base that includes options that they have. They can either continue to execute the swap as they do now and clear them with that, and they can for various and sundry reasons convert into the swaps deliverable futures that you talked about. And for both of these camps, if they're looking for capital efficiencies, CME Group is probably the only entity that provides them with the most comprehensive capital efficiencies with our margin offsets, both in the house side and in a couple of these, it will be introduced onto the client-side, where in some of the portfolios that we have run, we've seen savings of up to 90%. So no other offering that we know of can provide the same kind of efficiencies because no other offering that we know of has a futures offset. And we're talking here in terms of the OTC role. Even though we are focused in the first instance on the interest rate side, we're talking about all asset classes here, Rich. So CME Group across 6 asset classes is in a position to offer margin offsets that no other exchange can.
Operator: The next question comes from Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Gill, you provided some helpful color on what's going on with the regulatory landscape. I think how you all see it. You mentioned the concerns your customers are having, and we can see the comments you and Terry and team have made to the market. But I'm just curious, how much do you think that confusion is impacting current activity levels? And how is it impacting current activity levels? Are you seeing any change, a mix of business being done out there?
Phupinder S. Gill: Thanks, Howard. I'll start, then Terry may want to add. In the context of the FSA regulated exchange that I talked about, they're talking about a client base that currently does not trade in this part of the world. They're extremely concerned about what the Dodd-Frank reach might actually do to them. And I think they have decided to very squarely not participate in the U.S. side. So we're not talking about a client base that is currently participating here and is choosing not to, but the uncertainty that Dodd-Frank is bringing on board has made them -- or have created a mindset for these guys to stay on that side of the pond. And so that's the reference that I made. The overall concern that market participants have is also, I think, a fact that they even saw what transpired a few weeks ago with respect to ClearPort and the transactions on ClearPort. It has created a bunch of confusion among our client base. We are trying to navigate through that confusion by trying to work in a collaborative way with the CFTC, so that we might provide guidance to our client base to help them through this difficult transition.
Terrence A. Duffy: And, Howard, it's Terry. I agree with everything that Gill said. I think that what he's referencing in the ClearPort issue of 2 weeks ago, we were clearly told by the chairman and the staff that Core Principle 9 and the rules associated with it would not be addressed until the SEF rules were written. And then they did an about-face on us, and they addressed Core Principle 9, and it put a lot of uncertainty into the marketplace and our clients. So we saw a huge drop off in the ClearPort trading, in a 2-week period, going from roughly 400,000 to 250,000 a day. And then when we're able to get the commission to allow the existing ESFs, or exchange swap futures, to push to the end of the year, give our clients a reasonable amount of time to transition to smaller block transactions versus what they were doing on ClearPort, we started to see an uptick back in that business. So people are accepting that, but there was a disruption. I actually look at the entire year, Howard, more of a macro event on volumes than I do just the regulatory issues. I think the regulatory issues have a play in it, but I do believe and I've said this here for years, so this isn't the first time I've said it, that this year was setting up for a disaster for volumes from day 1. If we had so many different macro events going on, it's going to be very difficult for volumes to grow. The market started and ended up in the same place in 2011 and people spun themselves around. And now we came out from a record year, so it's going to be very difficult to match that, and people now have had no certainty as far as government policy issues or anything of that nature. So -- and hence what we've seen is corporations hoard cash and individuals hoard cash at the same time. And that's not just me saying, that's a fact. We've got over $2 trillion sitting on the books of corporations today and the amount of money that's sitting in people's personal bank accounts or in the mattresses is got to be staggering. There's so much uncertainty, where to keep it, where it's safe, where it's not. So I think there's many macro events. And then, with this fiscal cliff coming down the road, we have a big issue here. This government of ours could be shut down if, in fact, certain things play out. And that -- people don't know what that means for the marketplace. So again, it's hard to do risk management transactions when you're figuring on decisions that we only -- we haven't seen since Newt Gingrich in '94 is the last time something like this happen. So this is not the average course of business, and I think people need to realize that. But we will get clearer skies and smoother waters as time goes on here, and I think we'll get back to more of a normalcy.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. That's makes a lot of sense to me. And that's a decent segue into my follow-up, which is on near- and long-term expenses. Jamie, on the near term, can you just break out how much Pivot brings in terms of revenues, expenses? And how much did that removal of the JV-related expenses account for this quarter? And then just more broadly, kind of following up on what you just said, Terry, so volumes down 16% from an elevated level last year. Core expenses will be flat to down a little bit. I mean, I realized it's hard to bet against you guys in terms of volume growth over the whole entire exchange's life. But if some of these macro issues persist and volumes don't reaccelerate, what are some of the other options on the table?
James E. Parisi: Sure. In terms of Pivot, it's being integrated into the business. I'm not going to give you detailed financials on it. It's rather small. But I will say, for the increase that you're seeing from Q3 to Q4 in terms of the guidance that I gave you, maybe 1/2, upwards of 1/2 of that increase is tied to Pivot -- I'm sorry, a little bit less than that, maybe 1/4 of it is tied to Pivot. So that will give you some sense there. In terms of the -- taking the expenses out of the JV, from the JV and the sale of CMA, et cetera, we said that last quarter, it was probably around, on a net basis, somewhere around $11 million a quarter. So that aspect of it. In terms of expenses going forward, we are in the middle of our budgeting process for the coming years, so I don't want to give any details out there yet. We will give more details on that in the call next time around.
Phupinder S. Gill: Howard, I think there's an element of the question that you have to with respect to where growth is going to come from given the environment that we're in, that Terry so accurately summed up a short while ago. I think along the lines of what Jamie was saying, I think the expense discipline that he talked about is a cultural part of what we are on a going forward basis. So I have every confidence that, that will continue. But in terms of the new client base, in spite of the tough environment in Europe, in spite of what folks are saying there's going to be a slowdown in growth in Asia, what we are seeing is close to $800 million of our top line is coming from outside of the U.S. The new exchange in London will continue to tap a new client base. The time that we spent with those 35 CEOs from China is I think going to be extremely beneficial for us in the coming year. I think I've spoken in the past about a pipeline of Asian clearing firms coming into us from Singapore, Hong Kong, as well as Taiwan. And I think those things are going to take place over the course of the next year. And what that represents to us is a brand-new client base. So even -- as the environment continues in its current form, I think you can expect where growth will come from is going to be from a brand-new client base as well as the new product opportunities that we see as a result of Dodd-Frank.
Operator: The next question comes from Jillian Miller with BMO Capital Markets.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So with respect to the ClearPort transition to futures, I'm just wondering, longer term, does this transition provide potentially a boost to ClearPort activity in the sense that if this change promotes more transparent futures like trading, it could spur more activity in the products and greater trade velocity? Or do you think that the mode of execution for the product is going to remain similar, and would you see block futures trades use rather than bilateral swaps?
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I'll start, and you guys might want to add. I think from where we sit, it I think it may represent 1 of 2 outcomes, if not a combination of the 2. As you point out, there will be some set of our clients that are going to transition to futures that are -- yet, another set of our clients who are very comfortable trading what they consider to be swaps, and they would continue in that way and they will continue doing blocks and they will do blocks of some size.
Derek Sammann: Yes. It's Derek. I would add to that, across -- if you look across the breadth of products, that what we are seeing, there's greater acceptance of standardization. So it certainly creates an opportunity for futures product that align and have the same economic equivalent of the swaps market. And those products that are most standardized blend themselves to be in central limit order book key product, which is one of the core principles behind Core Principle 9. So we're seeing that. We're actually, relative to the deliverable swap future, very pleased with the progress we've made, particularly at the dealer community on the basis of accepting what might be a shift towards futures and to really execute the same level of risk. Certainly, providing client choice on the execution, whether it comes from the format of an expert transaction or a central limit order book or a swap that we clear, it's about client choice. So we've been doing a good job to listen to our customers and provide those options.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then on a market data, can you tell us how much of the sequential decrease this quarter was related to stripping out Dow Jones and the CMA? And then how much might have been related to like a lower screen counterdemand for the core data products?
James E. Parisi: Sure, Jillian. This is Jamie. The Dow Jones CMA revenue in Q2 that flowed through that line was in the neighborhood of $25 million, so -- that's what came out, related to that. And the remainder of the decrease would have been tied generally to some continued decrease in terminals as you continue to see layoffs on the Street.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital.
Roger A. Freeman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The -- in the deliverable interest rate swap futures, that in context with other -- some of efforts on swaps and futures, is this happening to some extent do you think because of the slow progress in sort of formulating the swaps, clear swaps and trading market that the market is just kind of moving more towards a futurized product? And then on that, is this -- was this something that's -- was developed with the dealer partners? Are the economics to you any different than sort of anything else that you've developed?
Derek Sammann: This is a futures product, clear and outright, to the extent we just talked about client choice and the capital efficiency of trading this particular underlying risk and equivalency of the interest rates swap and the future creates capital efficiencies, attended to a financial future, which is a 1-day margin versus a 5-day margin treatment under Dodd-Frank for financial swaps. So to the extent that the -- the interest that we've gotten for this product is, I think it's not underestimating the support for the product, when we can claim that we've got market makers in the form of Goldman, Morgan Stanley, Citi and Credit Suisse. There's a lot of support for this product in both the buy side and the sell side. Compare that to the traction we got with our original swap future 5 years ago, it was a different time and a different opportunity. So I think the trends that you're talking about regarding the pace of change, regarding the focus on capital efficiency, has created a new climate for support for futurized products that will guard [ph] swaps.
James E. Parisi: And on the economic side, do remember that this product is licensed. So the license fees are similar to what we would pay on other licensed products. And then the fees are around the treasury, around the treasury rates.
Roger A. Freeman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just a follow-up, just on the professional fees, there has been some back and forth over the quarters in terms of the sort of the regulatory component as you work through all the Dodd-Frank issues. Jamie, is there any kind of sort of run rate overhead that you could call out around all things Dodd-Frank related that we could kind of think about eventually working its way the way out?
James E. Parisi: It's really hard to pinpoint that because there's just so many different aspects of it and I don't have the number here for you. Professional fees, in general, are going to be fluctuating up and down from quarter-to-quarter, whether it's because of regulatory issues or growth opportunities that we're looking at or other issues where we've got a pulling consultants. So it's really hard to give you a run rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Niamh Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: One on the position limits. We saw the [indiscernible] case and they got a win there. Can you help me understand your position? I mean, am I thinking about this right? I'm not concerned about position limits with futures on futures. It's when they kind of start building the swaps with the futures that things could get a little bit more restrictive. So what is the status now, has it gone back to kind of there are no limits in place because of the court ruling? Or is the regulators still imposing limits across all the commodities in the energy?
Phupinder S. Gill: I think officially, the position is there are no position limits in place. The position limits that CME Group has, we continue to enforce them, and we expect there's going to be a response from the CFTC. You've read about all the potential responses that there might actually be. But officially, we will continue the way we have always conducted ourselves by pulling in the position limits that make sense for us.
Terrence A. Duffy: I think what's also important, to add to what Gill said. We do have hard position limits in the last 3 days of trading. And then prior to that, we have accountability levels which are basically in line with our competition that has the same kind of type of structure but may call it something different. So even though that some of our competition has come out and said that they will not adhere, obviously imposing a position limit since the rulings come out, it doesn't impact the way businesses were done prior to the ruling.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. I appreciate it. And then, if I could come back to the soft futures, that is pretty impressive names you have supporting you on this product, and that is very different than what we had several years ago. On the economics, Jamie, I just want to probe a little farther, because at some of your competitors like Eris and whatnot, it seems like the charging there on those futures products will be more on dollar value where you'd kind of said, a, you'll be paying a license fee. I think it was Goldman that you were collaborating on developing this. And then b, you're going to price it like you're treasury futures, which is one of your lowest fee products, is that correct? I mean, it's kind of lower than the average $0.48 in the rates complex, is it?
James E. Parisi: Actually, treasuries are a little bit higher than the average in the rates complex.
Derek Sammann: Yes. And it's priced in the line. This is both the opportunity and the challenge for it. The market says, we see the conversions between OTC and futures. When you look at economic equivalent products, obviously, there's going to be a function of aligning the fees and all of them cost the transact of these products as well. So when we're looking at customer choice and trying to provide maximum customer choice, we'll try to make sure that we've got consistency in terms of what the customer chooses to transact and where they transact.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: So yours should be less expensive than the others all are equal [ph] if you're going to be pricing on notional value, is that fair?
Derek Sammann: Well, I think when you look at the contract size, then you'll get how we've actually looked at the equivalent notional per transaction, we tried to align those. So we are consistent with equivalent risk that a customer might put in relative to a treasury future, for example. And there's no comp out there, outside CME because no one else has this particular product. But we think about the notionalized and the cost for notion a million-dollar transaction.
Operator: The next question comes from Don Fandetti with Citigroup.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Gill, can you remind us where high-frequency trading is as a percentage of your total mix and kind of how that's trended, and whether or not you're seeing any movement between products? And then just lastly, around some of the drag on high-frequency. I mean it seems pretty contained. I was just curious to hear your views on that.
Phupinder S. Gill: In terms of what they represent at CME, they're less than 1/3 of the overall revenue of the firm. Our position on high-frequency traders is the same. They continue, we believe, that they provide a significant value to us. We also believe that they actually reduce frictional cost rather than add to it, and they're simply repeating what a lot of the economic analysis that has been done, that is actually seeing. And we are also seeing it ourselves. I don't know if you saw last week or the week before last, the CIO of Vanguard, who is a user of our market, he mentioned the value of these traders and these types of trades. And what we are doing actively is working with the CFTC through their so-called Technical Advisory Group. Our COO, Bryan Durkin, serves on that group. And that group is taking a very systematic approach to who are these traders, what do they do, how do you define what a high-frequency trader is and the value that they add. And so there's no change from that front. Even though the full focus of the investigation currently seems to be on the cash side, we expect that there will be some legal work to our side, too.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So in terms of volumes, it's probably somewhere in that 40% range still?
Phupinder S. Gill: I think it would be between 30% and 40%.
Operator: The next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess, Jamie, if we could kind of do, you did a nice walk through of kind of the puts and takes around cash flow in this past quarter. If we think about the fourth quarter, is there anything that we should think about outside of normal course of business with regards to your dividend taxes and other things that might be inhibiting to you being potentially returned to shareholders?
James E. Parisi: I guess the 1 big thing to keep in mind is that, we've got the case CBOT transaction out there. So that $126 million of cash that I mentioned earlier would be something that could come out of that cash in the fourth quarter.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of regulatory capital on the balance sheet, $700 million has been the number you guys have framed. In the context of what happens with LSE and LCH this past quarter and frankly, just the ebb and flow of the regulatory environment, does that number, do you think, go up over time? Or how much cushion is there do you think versus what's required, and what do you guys actually are holding?
James E. Parisi: Yes. I think that for now, the $700 million is still the minimum cash that we want to get -- that we want to target as a whole, as you pointed out, includes all of our contributions to the financial safeguard packages both here and in our European clearing house. It also can cover some of our liquidity requirements that are imposed on us by our regulators. But right now, we're comfortable that we're meeting and exceeding the regulatory requirements in terms of capital from the regulators. But all of those, as you readily pointed out, have not yet been finalized. So there's still a little bit of a question mark over that. So one of the key things that's going to drive the capital requirements for the clearing house in particular is going to be the strength of the financial safeguard package. Our financial safeguard package is in a very good, very strong position and that's one of the key drivers of what FTCP [ph] Capital requirements is going to be.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Chris Allen with Evercore.
Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask on the special dividend, you guys have talked before about accelerating into 2012. How dependent is that on the outcome of the election and the potential dividend tax law change?
James E. Parisi: I would say it's not dependent on the outcome of the election. I think even -- no matter what the outcome of the election is going to be, the tax laws are going to take time for people to address. So just to be on the safe side, I think it's something that we should consider at year end, and we'll be talking to our board about that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You just answer the last of my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with ISI Group.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: A question for Derek on the over-the-counter interest rate swap market and the conversion to futures. You just talked a lot about this on the call. But maybe if you can sort of help us think about sort of the timing of your expectation of getting OTC users trued up futures contracts over the next, say, couple of quarters. Given the launch of the deliverable products and the clearing mandate in the first quarter, if you can sort of give us a sense of -- it was hard to predict volumes, of course, but a sense of your expectations at sort of take up with the futures contracts maybe later this quarter, and to the first quarter and to the second quarter.
Derek Sammann: Sure. I think it probably is easiest to talk in terms of what we think the expectations or the timeline for impacting the market is. So we're really working on the assumption that the first impact from Dodd-Frank is going to hit roughly in about February, where the first phase hitting at the hedge funds, the major swap participants and the swap dealers. That's going to include most of these vanilla products on the major currencies which is the bulk of the IRS market. The second wave hits in about May, gets down on the non-dealer bank, the insurance companies and active hedge funds, and then scales out through August through the tail end of the year. So we've had, as you've heard us talk about in the past, the number of firms, both alive with us now but also number of firms testing in preparation for the actual impact of the mandate. In the launching of the deliverable swap future, you've seen us with a pretty strong track record of product launches. I think Gill had mentioned in some of his prepared comments around the ability to scale and grow our business. And you think about the impacts for open interest, over 10% of our current open interest are from products we've developed over the last 2 years. Very strong statement on track record of the other [ph] growth products to adapt to client demand. So in terms of, if I had a crystal ball, I'll tell you what those numbers are going to be. But we certainly think that given the uptick we're getting from both the buy and the sell side as the impacts start to hit the bottom line of the firms, that we're looking for a decent trajectory of our futures' launch or the deliverable swap future. It's a note '13 launch, but we're expecting that to scale for the first and second quarters of next year. Again, harping on the same issue of customer choice, if customers want to clear, they can choose the OTC clearing services. If they want to really shift their business or a part of their business directly into futures, we have that. And the smaller players that might get maybe squeezed out of the ability to clear having the opportunity to leverage the deliverable swap future as an alternative to stay in that market and stay active and also benefit directly from the capital efficiencies.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Heinz with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Matthew S. Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: You spoke a bit earlier about the role of proprietary trading firms as OTC market makers. I'm just wondering, to what extent do you expect these firms to be involved in the swap futures product, penetrating those alongside swaps for other opportunities? And then further on that topic, how are you helping customers kind of perform all in transaction cost analysis for these products relative to swaps, aside from just the clear advantage on capital efficiencies?
Terrence A. Duffy: Yes, I can pick up. And I think Kim could probably talk to some of the current efficiencies as well. But from the perspective of the -- what we talked about on the deliverable swap futures like capital efficiency, not just the 1-day versus 5-day margin treatment, and also the fact that these positions net down because they were futures as opposed to sitting as open line items on an interest rate swap, these net down at a daily basis in some highly efficient from a trading in and out perspective. I mean to the extent of the cross margining is available day 1 from the deliverable swap futures relative to our treasuries newer dollar [ph] complex. They'll also be available as cross margin. I believe 19 November is the date that we're rolling out clients portfolio margining as well. There are some tools that we've been putting out there. We've got an optimizer tool that allows customers really for the first time to load a portfolio and actually have that help them determine what amounts and what type of their futures portfolio to allocate to their swap portfolio to optimize their margin offsets. So they have said that firms are trying to participate in CCA [ph] and understand the impact of their business with optimizer tool, we think is the best tool we can provide right now to help them optimize what they put in the clearing house for clearing.
Phupinder S. Gill: And I think that the first part of the question that you had was with respect to what extent we expected the so-called proprietary traders to participate. I think you have to make the decision between high-frequency guys and proprietary guys, some of the proprietary guys are high-frequency guys, not all of them. But I would expect some of these high-frequency traders to be very involved as the liquidity develops in the swap products themselves. And to the extent that they do participate and trade flat at the end of the day, the pricing scheme that we talked about at the start of this would actually help them and encourage them to add the liquidity to the swaps marketplace.
Terrence A. Duffy: That's a great point. And just picking up 1 more theme there from a participation point of view. A lot of the kind prop firms that we're talking about are firms that have not traditionally have been able to access the OTC by data role in interest rate swaps. So by providing a liquidity pool and a customer base that's actually interacting in equivalent product, they have an opportunity as a new client to participate in the market that wasn't available to them before.
James E. Parisi: And a lot of those high turnover targeted firms in the swaps arena are members of CME already. So on the swaps future side, they would come in at their normal rates for a member.
Kimberly S. Taylor: One additional thing that I'll just mention is the theme of our over-the-counter clearing service has been to try to the greatest extent possible to capture for the end client, the efficiencies in OTC swaps that they get in futures, while letting them preserve their execution and their economic profile of the OTC product that's slightly different. And we haven't mentioned yet the real time clearing as a big factor in people's ability to -- actually, helps facilitate the entry of new participants into the market, and it also helps facilitate kind of broader choice of access method or execution method for the existing participants in the market.
Matthew S. Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's all very helpful. And then if I could just have one quick follow-up for Jamie on the debt refi. On the interest expense, you said you expect to save $15 million annually after the refi next August. And so is that kind of from your current run rate of about $29 million per quarter or $115 million per year?
James E. Parisi: Yes, because were 2%, it's a 2% savings on the all-in cost on the debt that we're replacing.
Matthew S. Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And you expect that to be the case -- so that should begin to accrue in 4Q next year, correct?
James E. Parisi: Correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gaston Ceron with Morningstar Equity Research.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just real quick, I wanted to follow up on the Kansas City deal. Just wondering if you could -- we haven't -- to my recollection, we haven't seen a deal in a little bit while. So I'm wondering if you could give us a quick update on kind of your M&A philosophy coming out of this deal, if you see any more future opportunities kind of are on the same lines or not? If you think that, that is more of an isolated situation.
Phupinder S. Gill: Gaston, this is Gill. I think we had mentioned on several calls that we were going to be opportunistic. And if you look at the weak marketplace and the benchmarks that we have with our Chicago board of trade wheat, I think the Kansas City Board of trade re-contract it as a significant enhancement to the quality of the product. For us it made enormous sense for our client base. It provides an off and on opportunity to enhance the value of the weak offering that we have with this complementary add-on. So I think it's very much in line with what we have which is a set of global benchmarks across all of the asset classes, and we simply added yet another one of those benchmarks to what is a very viable offering to begin with.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: But do you see -- I mean, how do you assess some of the M&A landscape as it stands right now? I mean do you think that this was kind of a great opportunity but an isolated one? Or do you think that there could be other kind of interesting things like that down the road, or tough to say?
Phupinder S. Gill: I don't know that the Chicago Board -- or that the Kansas City Board of Trade acquisition represents the beginning of a trend, but I do know it is an opportunistic buy for us. They are -- there may be some other things out there, we have nothing to announce at this time. But as Jamie had emphasized in the past, we will continue to remain opportunistic with respect to opportunities that emerge not just here, but around the world.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So a few weeks ago, ISA announced that they're going to start offering CDS index futures. Is this a product that you guys would be interested in? And what do you see is the success potential of that type of product?
Phupinder S. Gill: Patrick, this is Gill. I think with respect to the CDS phase, we have said that our focus is going to be in clearing the marketplace. And our philosophy there as swaps is concerned, is to be a clearing service provider, not just in credit default swaps, energy and rates, but across all the successive classes that we have. So we are focused on clearing the index futures once they get done all, I mean, of the byproducts that come about from that industry.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And a follow-up for Jamie. You guys have some 5-year notes that are expiring in February 2014 as well. Are you probably going through the same process of refinancing those earlier, or is it too early to tell?
James E. Parisi: It's a little early now, but I would anticipate that we will do a refinancing. We've said all along that we want to maintain a reasonable level of debt on the balance sheet. As you know, we're targeting no more than 1x debt-to-EBITDA ratio, so refinancing those would keep us right in that ballpark.
Operator: Our final question comes from Akhil Bhatia with Rosenblatt Securities.
Akhil Bhatia: I just wanted to ask about portfolio margining. What percent of customers would actually be eligible to realize the savings of up to 90% you mentioned?
Kimberly S. Taylor: Actually, the program is available to all customers who trade in both of the products. So there aren't any restrictions on who would be eligible. At the -- it's hard to estimate what the -- who would get what percentage savings because it's dependent on the product that they trade and the structure of their portfolio, so the results vary.
Phupinder S. Gill: It makes sense though to assume that because the Eurodollars and the treasuries that we trade are a natural complement to the swap that are being traded out there to the extent that you have a client base that trades swaps, they would have some portion of the asset in our futures market.
Akhil Bhatia: Okay. I guess -- so is there -- have you done any studies on what percent of customers trade in both markets and could realize some offsets versus those who only have sort of one-sided portfolios?
Phupinder S. Gill: We don't. The transparency that you have on outside of the world is not replicated on the OTC side. So the only information that we have is in talking directly to our buy side clients. And I would say a very large chunk, in fact, the majority of the buy side clients, are very enthusiastic and interested in the margin offset that we have. For that specific reason, we have put up the optimizer tool out there. We're the only ones that have the optimizer tools because we're the only ones that have the offsets. And the take-up among the client base for the optimizer tool has been very encouraging to us.
Operator: And at this time, I'll turn the call back over to the speakers.
Phupinder S. Gill: All right. Thanks, everybody, for your interest in CME Group. And we look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John C. Peschier - Managing Director of Investor Relations Phupinder S. Gill - Chief Executive Officer, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee James E. Parisi - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director of Finance & Corporate Development Terrence A. Duffy - Executive Chairman, President, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee Derek Sammann - Senior Managing Director of Financial Products & Services
Analysts: Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Surinder Thind - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Matthew S. Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Edward Ditmire - Macquarie Research Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the CME Group Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'll turn the call over to Mr. John Peschier. Sir, you may begin.
John C. Peschier: Thank you, and thank you, all, for joining us this morning. Gill and Jamie will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the second quarter, and then we'll open up the call for your questions. Terry Duffy is also on the line, along with Kim Taylor and Derek Sammann. Before we begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on the call and in the accompanying slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q on our website. Also note the final page of our earnings release contains a reconciliation to our GAAP results this quarter. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Gill.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you, John, and good morning. I will discuss our performance in the second quarter and provide updates on a few of our strategic initiatives before turning things over to Jamie to review the financials. During the second quarter, several themes continued to unfold, including the European crisis, bank downgrades, the continuation of Operation Twist and the Fed's 0 interest rate policy. The environment we operate in remains challenged, and global trading volumes continue to be impacted by low levels of volatility. In light of this, the entire organization is working to be as efficient as possible. Average daily volume in the quarter was 12.4 million contracts, down 9% versus the second quarter 2011. However, we did experience better volumes in May and June, 13.2 million and 13.1 million, respectively which helped offset the slower April of 10.7 million contracts. Interest rate ADV in the second quarter declined 20% versus the same period last year. Volumes continued to be impacted by the Fed's 0 rate interest -- 0 interest rate policy and quantitative easing. The expectation of continued slower growth in the U.S. has pushed out the Fed funds great hike expectations, which also continued to weigh on volumes. Helping to stabilize our interest rate complex is a growth out the curve, especially in years 3 to 5, as well as in the so-called Mid-Curve Options. Our interest rate team has been successful in building this new liquidity, and we expect this to drive even when activity in the front end picks up again. This is a good example of how we leverage our people and our products for the benefit of our customers, making CME Group the most compelling place to manage interest rate risks. This is evident in the strong outperformance of our markets versus interest rate products listed by other exchanges. Also during the quarter, FX volume was flat compared to the same period last year. Overall, June average daily volume was $1.1 million, the highest FX volume month of 2012. This was driven by a boost in our euro currency volume resulting from increased volatility going into the Greek elections. Our key growth contributors continue to be the so-called commodity currencies, the Aussie dollar, the Canadian and the New Zealand dollar, as well as our emerging market product, led by the Mexican peso. This is indicative of how our FX business continues to diversify as we grow our entire portfolio of currency pairs. This was also a key driver of CME Group's Q2 outperformance versus some of the larger cash FX platforms, most notably ICAP's EBS, which reported Q2 results that were down 24% compared to the last year. We also hit multiple open interest record in June, leading up to the June quarterly expiration, hitting an all-time high of $2.3 million open FX contracts on June 7, 2012. We finished June with open interest up 22% year-on-year. Overall, volatility remains slightly elevated going into the post-Greek election market, so we expect that we may see continued levels of concern as focus now turns to the Greek coalition government actions, as well as the state of Italy, Portugal and Spain. Equities volume was up 3% versus last year. The increase was driven by strong performance in E-mini Dow futures, E-mini S&P options, E-mini S&P 500 weekly options and E-mini S&P 500 end-of-month options. While assets under management continued to decline during the quarter, volatility picked up briefly when U.S. markets rallied sharply at the end of the quarter after better-than-expected news from the EU summit. The VIX hit a high of 27 on an inter-month basis and has trickled down to close the month out near the 17 level. Energy ADV was down 1% versus last year. This was driven by strength in natural gas and refined products, which were offset by lower WTI trading volumes. However, we have experienced strong volumes in the month of July with ADV up 9% versus July last year. We also recently launched the CME Direct platform for energy trading in June to address customer needs for straight-through processing. This new technology offers side-by-side trading of exchange-listed and OTC markets. CME Direct will initially support trading of CME Group's benchmark energy futures market alongside OTC energy swaps through leading interdealer brokers. Although metals volume is down 8% for the quarter versus last year, metals open interest continues to grow, up 9% at the end of June versus the same period last year, driven by an 11% increase in gold. We are encouraged by the recent base metal volumes with copper average daily volume increasing more than 57% versus Q2 last year and now representing more than 21% of our metals volume. In agricultural commodities, volume is up 11% versus last year. Severe drought conditions in the Midwest is driving higher volatility along with the expansion of the CBOT grade and OTC trading hours on Globex have both contributed to strong performance. Our markets have been particularly active in July with volumes up more than 50% as customers turn to us to manage their risks. Open interest has grown from 6.1 million open contracts at the beginning of January to 8.7 million open contracts as of July 25. This represents a high for the year and growth of over 20% versus the same period last year. Moving on to our growth initiatives. We continue to expand and enhance our global partnerships. During the quarter, DOJ approved our S&P Dow Indices joint venture with McGraw-Hill, and we closed the transaction, combining S&P's leading position in equity, commodity, real estate and strategy indices with Dow Jones' recognized strength in equity, commodity, emerging market, target date and dividend indices, provide an opportunity to offer a complete and growing index family in more asset classes, benefiting more investors throughout the world. As a result of this venture, we have also extended our exclusive rights list for trading and clearing futures in S&P products for as long as we own equity in the joint venture. Turning to technology. In Q3 of this year, we will launch a significant CME Globex performance release. The new platform introduces advance order entry and market data gateways deployed on our jointly developed FUMA [ph] network to provide improved processing speed, decreased variability and significant hardware efficiency. This will provide a more consistent trading experience for all of our electronic trading customers with a significantly reduced server footprint while increasing capacity on peak. As we execute our long-term CME Globex strategy, we also maintain focus on cost and efficiency. To continue improvement and the elimination of legacy systems, we have been able to keep technology-related expenses essentially flat, lowering technology cost as a percentage of total operating expense from approximately 35% in 2008 to approximately 27% this year. Over the last 4 years, the CME technology division has been executing our long-term CME Globex strategy to evolve the trading platform around the customer experience. We defined a carefully planned roadmap to globalize our infrastructure, provide critical market controls and move to a more efficient and less expensive hardware platform while maintaining the highest levels of reliability, integrity and trust. In that timeframe, we successfully completed the migration of our legacy electronic matching engine to a modern distributed computing platform for increased performance and efficiency. We also built our state-of-the-art next-generation data center and migrated all of CME Globex to prepare for launch of the CME Co-Location Services, which went live early this year. We have also expanded our global distribution to enable the business growth we have seen internationally with the launch of network hubs in key strategic countries and a global network backbone to efficiently and reliably transmit the network traffic. Turning to the clearing area. We continue to expand our OTC product offering and remain well positioned to benefit from the regulatory mandate. Earlier this week, the CFTC voted to propose several parts of the interest rate and credit default swaps for the clearing mandate and also finalize the rule on the phasing of the clearing mandate. The proposal on interest rate and credit default swaps marks a significant milestone of mandated clearing. Once it is published in the Federal Register, a 90-day review period will start with the first month including a public comment period. This proposal also applies to interest rate and credit default swaps and will be followed by energy swap and other asset classes, which will generally follow the same process. Assuming the proposed and final rules are published in the coming weeks, our current working assumption is the clearing mandate for all or a subset of these interest rate and credit default swaps will be in effect for swap dealers and major buy-side participants in early 2013. The clearing mandate for additional market participants will be phased in over the course of next year. Also earlier this month, the CFTC passed final product definition, as well as the final rules for the end-user exceptions to the clearing requirement for swaps. Once the long-awaited product definition rules and the rules for implementing the clearing mandate are published in the Federal Register, the clock officially starts for compliance with a host of rules already passed by the CFTC. This progress in rule-making is a key step forward for the CFTC and clears the way for them to finalize the remaining rules. Several new buy-side firms cleared their first OTC swaps with CME over the last 2 weeks. We have seen a significant increase in firms finalizing their internal OTC clearing readiness and setting up production accounts to prepare for launch. Importantly, during the second quarter, we finalized our long-term OTC clearing agreements with a major sell side bank for clearing both interest rate swaps and credit default swaps. Of particular note is the global nature of the interest rate swap clearing arrangement, which enables the expansion of our clearing services with this group and other potential partners into Europe and other regions around the world. To date, we have cleared nearly $700 billion across OTC financial products with $554 billion in rate swap and another $138 billion in credit default swaps. The open interest currently stands at $362 billion, which represents a $52 billion increase since May. We remain the leader in B2C OTC clearing for U.S. clients. Also during the quarter, we began clearing FX OTC non-deliverable forward trades, further expanding our market-leading OTC solution across multiple asset classes. We continue to work with buy side, sell side and clearing member firms to further develop our overall OTC offering, and FX has become a key priority for clients in the last few months. As we noted on the last earnings call, we started to provide portfolio managing of OTC interest rate swap positions and Eurodollar and Treasury futures for house accounts on the 7th of May. The risk reduction achieved will result in capital efficiencies of up to 85% for certain portfolios, and this is a number that remains unparalleled in the industry. We expect the same capital benefit should be available for customer accounts prior to the mandatory clearing date. Shifting to our globalization efforts. We continue to make progress during the quarter. Our processing services revenue has more than doubled to $4.2 million compared to last year, the strongest quarter we have had, and up significantly from Q1. This strong growth was driven mainly by increases from BM&FBOVESPA, Bursa Malaysia and the Korean Exchange. In addition, looking at the breakdown of trading in CME Group's products on a global basis, we had an 8% increase in Globex trading revenue during the quarter compared to Q1 with the strongest growth coming from Asia and South America, each up more than 20%. We also continue to see improved liquidity throughout the trading date with Globex average trading volume during non-U.S. trading hours up 9% sequentially, while the U.S. trading hours average trading volume grew at 3%. In summary, this was another challenging quarter for the Financial Services sector. However, we do not let that distract us from positioning the company to build on its industry-leading business by expanding our diverse product offerings while continuing to invest in our global growth strategy. We will continue to remain as efficient as we can with a strong focus on expense discipline, which you saw this quarter. We continue to generate significant cash flow, and we remain committed to returning excess capital to our shareholders. We are well situated to ride out the current weakness and are focusing on positioning ourselves to fully benefit when the current headwinds turn into tailwinds. With that, I will turn the call over to Jamie to discuss the financials.
James E. Parisi: Thanks, Gill, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'm going to review the results of what has been a very productive quarter, while we also continued our focus on efficiency. We accomplished a lot during the quarter, including the sale of the CBOT building, a smooth CEO transition and the close of our joint venture with McGraw-Hill at the end of June. I'm going to cover quite a few details, which should assist with modeling going forward. Many of the activities in the quarter drove nonrecurring items, which are included in our GAAP results and were noted in the earnings release. I will touch on these during my comments. In addition, we completed a 5 for 1 stock split in July, which is reflected in our results today, for all periods referenced. Let me start with revenue. As Gill mentioned, the average daily volume was down compared to the second quarter last year. However, volume trended up in the latter part of the second quarter, and in total, increased slightly from Q1. Total revenue came in at $796 million, up 3% from the first quarter. The rate per contract for the second quarter was $0.812, which was up slightly versus last year and in line with the Q1 rates. Compared to last quarter, the product mix was favorable, offset by unfavorable venue mix and higher volume discounts. Turning to expenses. Total CapEx spend was $327 million. Excluding the nonrecurring items from the quarter, operating expense would have been $306 million, down $17 million from the first quarter operating expense of $323 million. These items impacted us in the compensation, professional fees and license fee lines. Starting with compensation and benefits, this line item was $131 million, which included $12 million of contractual payments, including costs associated with the accelerated vesting of stock-based compensation associated with Craig's retirement and severance related to the S&P Dow Jones JV, the CBOT building sale, the Korean Exchange transaction and our voluntary exit incentive program. In addition, due to the 3% decrease in the equity market in Q2, we had a credit of $1.7 million in deferred compensation, which is offset with lower investment income, compared to a $4.1 million of deferred compensation expense in the first quarter. Our overall headcount went down during Q2 from 2,702 to 2,604, driven by the S&P Dow Jones transaction and the sales of PMA and the CBOT building. Another 110 employees from the S&P Dow Jones transaction will move up the CME payroll in July, bringing the total CME Group number of employees down to approximately 2,500. Lastly, as mentioned in Q1, we opened an office in Northern Ireland, which is focused on certain technology functions we are augmenting overseas, and our plan is to initially hire between 80 and 90 employees there. This addition of headcount will reduce our overall expense and these individuals will replace existing technology consultants. Turning to non-compensation expense. There were 2 primary expense categories, which were impacted by the index JV transaction. Within professional fees, we incurred approximately $6 million of success fees related to the deal. Also, within license fees, we will move to a profit-sharing arrangement from a per contract fee, which we discussed when we announced the deal. Despite closing on the last day of June, we did say a retroactive incremental amount of $3 million for the full impact of the second quarter profit sharing. Our operating margin, excluding the $21 million of expense adjustment, was 61.6%. Turning to non-operating income for the quarter. We had a net $65 million gain related to the S&P Dow Jones transaction, which is included in our GAAP results. Our tax expense on a GAAP basis totaled $257 million, which includes a $132 million noncash charge to establish deferred tax liability associated with the closing of the S&P Dow Jones JV. Capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $34 million in the second quarter. For 2012, our CapEx expectations remain in the $140 million to $150 million range. A couple of final comments on modeling. During the second quarter, we recorded approximately $27 million of revenue from the Dow, CMA and real estate businesses, which will not continue going forward. We expect expenses in the second half of the year to drop to $595 million from $629 million in the first half. Several expense items are back-end loaded such as marketing and depreciation. In addition, based on CFTC rule-making progress around the clearing mandate, our total buildout of the swap -- our potential buildout of the swap data repository and other requirements, we expect higher regulatory and legal-related costs in Q3 and Q4. For Q3 at this point, I would expect expenses to be in the $300 million range. One final note going forward. We will be recognizing our share of the quarterly income from the JV in non-operating income. An early, rough estimate for the share is $15 million per quarter this year, depending largely on index trading volume and assets under management. Lastly, we continue to make progress on the tax front, and we are adjusting our tax guidance. For the second half of the year, we expect taxes to come in around 40.5%, down from our prior 41% guidance. Our preliminary estimate for 2013 would be in the 38% to 39% range, down from our prior estimate of 39.5%. And we will update this estimate as appropriate. Turning to the balance sheet. We had $1.3 million of cash and marketable securities at the end of June, an increase of $230 million from the prior quarter. $149 million of this increase is tied to the sale of the CBOT building. Keep in mind, we made 2 tax payments during the second quarter versus none in the first quarter and versus one payment in each of the remaining quarters. So a tax payment in Q2 totaled $325 million, and we paid out $150 million in regular quarterly dividend in June. As of mid-July, we had approximately $1.6 billion of cash and marketable securities on the balance sheet. In summary, we accomplished a lot this quarter. We closed the S&P Dow Jones JV. We sold the CBOT building. We finalized our clearing agreements with the major OTC dealers, and we decreased our ongoing expenses. We are taking advantage of the current state of the market to focus on positioning CME Group to capture future growth opportunities and trading excess capital of the business to return to our shareholders. With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I guess the question, the first, I think there's a follow-up. But Jamie, can you just give us the expenses that are coming out with the JV that were attributed to the Dow, CME prior? Because you had $27 million in revenue, it was roughly breakeven?
James E. Parisi: So with the Dow and with JV and the sale of CMA as part of that JV, it's all embedded in the guidance, the expense guidance that I gave you for the second half of $595 million. The area that of that -- those particular ones will impact the most will be on the compensation line, the amortization of intangible line. And on the license fee line, you'll actually see an increase in license fees as a result of that due to that profit sharing that I noted earlier.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay, okay. And then the one follow-up would be, I guess, for Terry and Gill. You went through some good detail in walking through on the OTC expectations, the OTC clearing. And I guess, Gill, you said 1Q '13, if you just did the 3 months, you'd be in November, and I guess the phase is major swap deals in the beginning. Would you see -- expect to see a significant uptick at the end of the year or the first step-up at the end of this year? Or why that delay till later in -- early 2013?
Phupinder S. Gill: I think what you're going to see is the mandate will kick in, it seems, to us in February of next year. What you're going to see, because we're talking about thousands of accounts that are going to come on board, the ramp-up period is definitely going to be in full gear in the fourth quarter of this year. And as I said a short while ago, we are seeing many accounts that are already now preparing to launch. And in the last 2 weeks especially, we've seen activity coming into us. So a safe assumption would be you're going to start seeing mostly serious clearing beginning around the end of the third quarter, and the fourth quarter is going to be very busy for everybody.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I think you're adding 3 months onto sort of the feedback loop that the CFTC get the -- I think that's where the 3 months comes from.
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe we'll just stay on the OTC topic for a second here. I think you mentioned that in the quarter, you finalized some of the agreements with the dealers. And I think you said in the past that you're going to be focused more on getting some of the dealer volume, too, even though at LCH, they have a pretty nice sweetheart deal right now. So can you give us any more color on how those discussions are going? Could there still be some sort of restructuring of the agreements with the dealer? It sounds like you've been very aggressive in talking to the dealers in terms of getting some volume over here. So any indications would be great.
Phupinder S. Gill: Sure. This is Gill, and I'll ask Jim to chime in if he has anything to add. I think with the finalization of the agreement with the dealers, it simply formalizes all the activity that has been going on up to this point in time, which both of us have taken on a good-faith basis. I think the dealers will continue to work with the buy sides just like we are working with them and the buy side. And keep in mind, for every one of these, that the buy side, there's a sell side transaction also associated with it. So the dealers are clearing here. And as capital efficiencies become more of an issue, which is actually here, especially when Basel 3 kicks in as a requirement. I think the rational thing to do is to work efficiently to lower the capital.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: All right. Good. And then I don't know if Terry is on, but clearly with some of these customer losses at MF and I guess PFG, there's been more discussions or more noise from you guys in terms of holding some of -- more collateral at the clearing house level and not at the FCM level. So just wondering if you -- in what stage we are if you're engaging with FCM in terms of talking about how this could look, what the reception is? In particular, I think historically, FCM have made like, I don't know, 40%, 60% of their income on interest. So would this change? Or do you think there could still be a way for the FCM model to be fairly similar to how it looks like now from a profitability standpoint and how this could maybe impact friction in the system and trading volumes?
Terrence A. Duffy: Gill, can you hear me? Alex, what I would say to that, and I testified -- I said this yesterday in Washington, is it's just not something that CME wants to do as far as holding the customer funds. We are not trying to impact this soon [ph] or remediate or anything of that nature of their model, realizing very much so that the percentages that you outlined are correct. At the same time, there has been 2 major events in our industry. Some have come to us looking for different solutions. This has been raised. What we had said in the release the other day is that we would have been prepared to work with the industry. We don't have all the mechanisms how it would work, but the important thing is we do not want to disrupt the FCM model. So this would not be a profit generator for CME Group. And again, what we're trying to do is just, again, build the confidence back into the marketplace for the clients, which they deserve. So that's really what we are trying to do here. The last thing we want to do is to have any notion of whether they were trying to disintermediate the FCMs, or holding their customer funds.
Phupinder S. Gill: If I can just add and stress one thing. This is not a proposal, but it is an idea that we floated out there a few days ago with the intended purpose exactly as Terry pointed out. It is very specifically to restore confidence in the marketplace and in our actions. We clearly recognize that the vast majority of our FCMs have done a phenomenal job handling the client funds, and this, in no way, shape, or form, indicts any one of them. This is simply very specifically to restore the confidence that we know has been lost as a result of the rogue actions of 2 firms.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: All right. So way too early to think about any potential timing, I guess.
Phupinder S. Gill: Correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just wanted to get your take on the ongoing LIBOR investigations. And maybe more broadly, when I think about the CME, I think one of the core principles of the company is that you have these great global benchmark products. So how do you go about ensuring you've got that right suite of benchmark products for the next 10, 20 years like you have had for like the last 10, 30 years?
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I'll start, and Derek Sammann who is with us, might want to add. I mean, where the LIBOR is concerned, we expect that it is going to remain the predominant short-term reference point contract. There are issues, as you did note those issues. We are in support of anything that would fix those issues. There's a lot of money that's indexed to that rate now, and CME has, in the past, worked with the BBA, and we will continue to work with the authorities and anybody else to make sure that it continues to be the benchmark on a going-forward basis. Just as a point of note though, it's not the only contract that we have. We have a suite of interest rate products. So as a reference point, we have the vast majority of any potential shifts that might occur. Derek?
Derek Sammann: Yes, that's a good question. Let me jump in also. I think what you're speaking to is our track record of successful product development, so product extensions. And when you look at what we have talked about in the last couple of years, the products we put on a curve, whether it's the Ultra Bond or the Weekly Treasury Options, the Mid-Curve Options, not to mention the service development that you've heard Kim and Gill refer to around the swaps currencies, so we think that as we continue to look at points on the curve and look at various products, various opportunities, we're going to continue to put products out there to speak about client demand, whether it's across the curve, or in terms of different products open to us as a result of OTC clearing. So you'll be hearing more from us. Kim did mention about the cross-margin opportunity for a range complex as a whole in swaps. That was rolled out, as Gill mentioned, on May 7. We're seeing people take up opportunities on that. We hope to have that provided out to customers over the coming months as well. So we look at this as a suite of products and services, and our track record of new product development and product extensions I think puts us in a good place, listening to our clients and putting product ideas out there to serve their needs.
Terrence A. Duffy: Gill, can I jump in for one second?
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes.
Terrence A. Duffy: Howard, what I think is pretty fascinating, too, is I know LIBOR has come under a lot of scrutiny. And I agree with everything Gill and Derek have said. And I do believe that we will remain a preeminent benchmark. And just to add a little bit of credibility to this, some of the people that are crying the loudest are still using it, and that would be the United States federal government. The Fed still uses LIBOR as it makes its loans today. So they use that as a reference point when they make their loans. So I do believe that this will still continue to be the benchmark going forward.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. And my follow-up, Jamie, as you and the team begin the 2013 budgeting process, you evaluate working capital needs, you look over the M&A landscape, I was just hoping for your latest thoughts on how much of that cash on the balance sheet, over $700 million in it, you'll sweep and return to shareholders at the end of the year?
James E. Parisi: Yes, sure, Howard. It's hard -- I can't give you an exact answer. There's certainly -- we've been fairly active in doing smaller bolt-on acquisitions. So that will -- we'll use some of that cash for that and continue to do so. But that said, there is a significant amount that we've already generated through the first half of the year. We'll continue to generate through the second half, and we will look to, as we always say, look to return a significant portion of that excess to the shareholders. One thing that we are considering and thinking about is keeping our eye on the tax loss as it relates to that fixed dividend and seeing whether it would make sense to pull it forward into this year if the tax laws progress the way that they are currently written.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Carrier with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Maybe just a follow-up on the customer fund. If we think about like the different options that the industry has, whether the clearing houses, you manage that, or if it's outsourced to a custodian or one of the trust banks, I guess more important because those are 2 different options. But just from the FCM's standpoint, like it's a tough business already. And so if they lose that or the customers have to pay for that, like do you sense that given the changes that are taking place, there's going to be more pressure on like industry trends or like volume trends or pricing trends? Or is there an outcome that can make customers more secure yet there won't be additional pressure on either volumes or pricing?
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I think a couple of assumptions that you have to make, and I think these assumptions are good assumptions. The vast majority of the FCMs that we have are handling the customer funds in the right way. As you rightly point out, it's a straight component. It's a very large part of the business model of the FCMs. It is something that we're extremely sensitive to and have begun conversations with them with respect to how to best handle this confidence issue. It may be the highly restrictive investment policies that are in place now would be a very good engaging factor for these guys. There are several banks, as you might know, that are part of the infrastructure of our system, and those banks may get involved. And so if those banks do get involved, they tend to be considered as an independent third party, and they, instead of us, might be an alternative choice. The important thing, as Terry pointed out a short while ago, is to not change or harm the FCM business model as it exists now. There are -- to your point a short while ago, there are going to be continued pressures on the FCMs, but the 3 big things that we are focused on with respect to this issue is: number one, to restore the confidence; number two, to make sure that the FCMs continue to be able to operate their businesses as they do now; and the third piece, which we have heard from our firms, has been to lower the back office cost for our firms.
Terrence A. Duffy: If I could just add to what Gill said, Michael. I think we have said this historically because it's true. The cheapest part of transactions in the futures industry are the cost of execution. And what drives the real benefits is the type they offer. So even though the cost of trading is down significantly, even if there was an uptick in cost by the FCMs, it would still be a -- the user would still be a main benefit because that is still the lowest cost of the trade. The slippage is where the real big cost comes in. So I don't see that as a real big impediment even if their model was to be impacted and competitively raised up to offset some of their revenue losses.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just a quick follow-up with some of the tax rates. So guidance is a little bit lower now. When you look at your options or maybe what you're looking at in terms of how you can lower that over time, is there a lot more to be done? Because obviously, there was the Illinois stuff, but then it seems like for all companies like, you can look around and try to figure out if there's more ways to become more efficient. So I'm just trying to gauge like what inning are you in, in that process, albeit it's an ongoing process?
James E. Parisi: Yes, that's right. It's a good question. It is an ongoing process. We're looking for continuous improvement in the rates. The fact is that the vast majority of our assets and intellectual property and all else has been developed here in the United States. So that really does limit our ability to have any tax placed outside the U.S. A lot of those companies that you do reference that -- have strategies were they have acquired businesses outside the U.S., property outside the U.S. to drive income, that's allocated outside the U.S. Still, cash balances are outside the U.S., but they're not able to repatriate, and therefore, return to shareholders. So there's -- it's a lot of moving parts and a lot of things to consider as we continue analyzing our tax situation. I'd say the biggest potential opportunity for us, I'd say we are the poster child here in the U.S. for a reduction in corporate taxes. So corporate tax reform in the U.S. would be, I'd say, the best potential for us.
Terrence A. Duffy: And just to add to that, Jamie, I think, Michael, when you hear about the fiscal cliff coming at the end of the year and how we're going to deal with that, one of the trading blocks, for lack of a better term, has been the corporate tax rate. And I think the Democratic side of the aisle is that, that's one of the ones that they'd like to use to modify to get other revenues up on other sides. So to Jamie's point, that could be our biggest benefit because that could be the one they could use to trade.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies & Company.
Surinder Thind - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: This is Surinder Thind calling in for Dan Fannon. I just wanted to talk a little bit about the voluntary exit program. You mentioned -- it went by really quickly. There was about 100 or so individuals in terms of the headcount reductions. Was that part of the exit program? And is that program come to an end at this point? Or what is the status of that?
James E. Parisi: Yes. The program, we implemented it last quarter, and its done in terms of people subscribing to it. Most folks that are still on the payroll and are subscribed, they're going to transition off over the coming months. I'd say on the decrease that you saw in headcount in this quarter was really driven by the CMA and other -- to settle the CMA business. Some of the Dow Jones headcount came off this quarter. More to come next quarter. And we also, obviously, have been trying to keep it as efficient as we can across our core. So really, we haven't seen a decrease from the voluntary incentive program yet in terms of headcount. It is a -- I'd say the number is a more modest number.
Terrence A. Duffy: And Jamie, isn't it fair to say that their first available date for these folks to do it is August 15?
James E. Parisi: Yes, that's right. Yes.
Surinder Thind - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So we should start seeing some modest additional headcount come down. And as a follow-up, I just want to talk a little bit about the open interest. And so we've seen the open interest come down a fairly significant amount from earlier in the year, and it seems most of that is from the -- within the interest rate complex. And so it seems there's been a lot of volatility. Can you talk a little bit about some of the factors that have been driving the open interests? And is that something that's just given the current condition, that's just kind of remain volatile and we have to wait for interest rates to start moving up? Or maybe some thoughts around that.
Derek Sammann: Sure. This is Derek. Thanks for your question. I think you're seeing a lot of this driven by the rates environment right now. I mean, you've heard us talk to you over the last couple of quarters about what's going on in the kind of the Front 2 contracts or the first 2 years of Eurodollars versus the Back 8. We're continuing to see in what we call the whites and the reds, or year 1 and year 2, both volumes and OI continue to contract. Certainly, what you saw on June 20, when the Fed announced the additional $400 billion in Twist and most likely pushing out rate rises out into late 2014, early 2015, that's continuing to be a drag on the very front of the Eurodollar curve. What we are seeing, and we've seen this trend for the last 18 months, and Gill referred to this, is we are still seeing good growth in years 3, 4 and 5. Now that being said, it's not fully offsetting the dropoffs in both volumes and open interest in years 1 and 2. Where we are seeing strong growth in open interest is both foreign exchange and agricultural products, and this is really driven by -- you saw a lot of the risk on appetite going into the Greek elections over the course of the first couple of weeks in June. We hit multiple open interest records at about 2.3 million contracts on June 7. We're also seeing significant growth in the ag complex. Volumes are up, and open interest is up, and that's clearly indicated to us that the market's continuing to come to CME and risk manage on the basis of what's going on here. So rates up. If you look at the 2012, the full year, June is up 7%. Rates were up 6%. Equities were up 21%. We haven't spoken much about equity so far. Energy at 3%. And as we mentioned, ag and metals up 17% and 18%. So I think we are seeing the bulk of the dropoff from the front end of the Eurodollar curve. We are making part of that up in the middle part of the curve, but it's not fully offsetting.
Operator: Our next question comes from Niamh Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: And if I could go back to the regulatory reform, we're so much further along than we were 2 years ago, but as well as that, I guess we saw the recent reports, the reports that IEF and whatnot about collateral for these non-paired derivatives. And I'm asking because where are you feeling now about the risk that the OTC markets just shrink too much in that it doesn't kind of get diverted into futures but the overall pie just shrinks? How do you think that risk has changed? Are you seeing any change in activity from your customers? And then I guess alongside that regulation, are you starting to see maybe some of the activity in the people yet top off at non-bank stops?
Phupinder S. Gill: In terms -- let me take the first bit, and Kim might want to add. We have not seen a -- we have not had any positive indication as to the market shrinking at this time. What we are preparing for, I would say, and this would be consistent with respect to how other exchanges would think about the world, you're going to end up in 1 of 3 places, where OTC trades may become more efficient to be done because of the cleared nature of these trades. So you may see actually more of these swap trades, which is very correspondingly very positive for the futures. You may also see a futuristic environment where futures become more efficient, or you may see the market as it exists now, which is positive again on both sides as capital efficiencies with the gross margin offset that we provide become the norm. So there are, essentially, these are 3 ways in which we believe the market is going to evolve. With respect to the second part of your question, you're talking about the profit traders in the banks that may be coming up?
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Yes. They have reemerged in shops. Either they have joined some shops or they have formed their own funds and they have started to actually clear. Kim, do you have anything to add?
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: And Kim, if I could have my follow-on. The cash, you said you're at 1.6 billion in July so far. And thanks for the information about watching the tax rate changes that you could bring that annual variable forward to this year if the tax rates are likely to change. But could you update me on how much cash you need to keep on the balance sheet now that you've got this fixed move designation? And is it still around $750 million that you feel you need to operate and everything over that is excess?
James E. Parisi: Yes, this is Jamie. We're still at the $700 million range. We're keeping an eye, see how some of the capital requirements develop. But we're -- right now, we're comfortable with the $700 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy with Raymond James.
Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could update me on your outlook for M&A, I guess how CME is viewing M&A right now? And particularly in light of the loan melt's [ph] exchange-bidding process, it was rumored that you guys were participating in that process. So any color you can add there would be useful.
James E. Parisi: Yes, sure. This is Jamie. Our view hasn't changed all that much. I'd say we're still -- we still don't see much in the way of major significant M&A around the globe for all the reasons that we've gone through before. There will be opportunities for smaller-size, I'd say, or medium-size like you saw with LME to come take a look and review the opportunity. So we'll continue to be opportunistic, but our view really hasn't changed, and we'll continue to be very disciplined in our approach.
Matthew S. Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Then my follow-up question. The farmers and ranchers fund that you guys said you were going to make available in light of the Peregrine issue, do you have an early read on how much that might actually be utilized?
James E. Parisi: Yes. This is Jamie again. It's obviously a very important constituency. And we did open up the fund, as you pointed out, for those impacted at Peregrine. And our early read on it is that the impact on CME is not a material impact to our financials.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First, on the Bush-era tax cuts, they are set to expire at the end of the year. You mentioned that you might move the dividends forward, but you're a big tax -- sorry, big dividend payer. In a world with upwards of 40% tax rate on dividends, does that change your view on your capital return policy? Or is it -- do you think it's still a good idea to do dividends over buybacks?
James E. Parisi: I think it's something that we're certainly going to evaluate. We'll analyze it. We'll talk with our Board about it. And as that develops, certainly we would inform the markets.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. Then on the crude oil option side, ICE seems to be taking business away from CME. How are you responding to this? And is there a way to stop or slow the pace of attrition?
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I think in all our markets, as we face competition, we have to respond, and we are doing exactly that.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you let us know like are there tactics that you're using? Because I think their market share has gone from like 15% to 30%. Do your tactics -- are you adopting them? Or can you share with us what you're doing?
Phupinder S. Gill: I think if you look some of the things that I've said earlier on, we are introducing CME Direct. And that just launched a short while ago. There are certain incentives that we have put in place. And those have taken hold. If you look at the performance of our options market, particularly in the last few months, a lot of that volume has started to come back to us in terms of the fundamentals. There are certain fundamentals that are driving the oil markets back to its TI, and I think if you look at where the options market is going, the incentives that are put in place, the system solutions that we put in place would all contribute to growing the market for CME, including bringing some of the volume, if not all of it, back. I think some of us compete on the basis of price and some of us compete on the basis of the value that we add on the portfolio basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Allen with Evercore.
Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could just talk about the sequential decline in market data and information services? You obviously had the price increase in the first quarter. Wondering if there's any pullback in users, or was there something else driving that?
James E. Parisi: Yes, this is Jamie. Good question. We do continue to see some diminishment in the number of terminals out there. And I think it's really driven by cost cutting on the street as people are looking to become more efficient. They're always looking to reduce their terminals. That's one of the areas they can do it. You're seeing this across all the exchanges, actually. But that said, the price increases that we've been able to put through over the last several years have been outpacing the decrease in the terminals. And we would expect that as -- when market starts to repair and there's more hiring going on, then we'll start -- we'll see those terminals come back out.
Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then I just want to make sure I have the math correct in terms of the impact of the index business. So roughly $27 million is coming out of revenues. I mean, some expenses have already come out. And then another $6 million, basically, sequentially next quarter, offset by a $15 million increase. So if we kind of think about it from where we are from Q2, it's about a $6 million hit sequentially, is that correct?
James E. Parisi: Yes. I'm sorry, you're tying it to off the -- you confused me a bit there. Can you go through it again with the -- you were tying it to the index business? Or were you just more general?
Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I guess it's a little bit more general just in terms of the guidance. $27 million coming out of the revenues we saw this quarter, which includes the index business at CME. Expense guidance of $6 million down sequentially, offset by $15 million in other non-operating income from the JV. So netting it all together, like $6 million sequentially, is that kind of correct?
James E. Parisi: Yes, you got it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Heinz with Stifel Nicolaus.
Matthew S. Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: If we can just go back to the interest rate business for a moment. Trading activity has fallen off pretty sharply here in July following the brief recovery you saw in the back half of 2Q. I'm just wondering if this is at all LIBOR related on the Eurodollar side. That seems to be where most of the weakness is coming from. And then also just kind of what you're seeing out there in terms of customer engagement in the overall rate complex in light of all the moves being made by the Fed and then whether you still anticipate the influx of new business from swaps users.
Derek Sammann: Yes, this is Derek. I'll pick that one up. Yes, we haven't seen any direct correlation of the conversations around LIBOR directly impacting Eurodollar. What we're seeing is a continuation of the trend we've seen for 18 months, which is the Front 2 quarter, the Front 2 annuals, the whites and the reds or year 1, year 2 dropping off both in volume and ADV terms being partially offset by years 3, 4 and 5. So there is a couple of data points also I'll let you in. When you look at the growth of the 3-, 4- and 5-year, for example, we're actually now seeing significant growth with all the golds, which is the fifth year. In fact, on July 6, we just hit a record of 340,000 contracts in the Gold Mid-Curve Options. And this is the story that we told you a year ago in terms of what we're seeing from the blues. And that was falling from the greens. So what we're seeing, really interest and volatility further pushing out the curve, following Twist, following the expectations that weaker global economies will most likely push this further out, forcing that impact on the front end of the Eurodollar curve. In terms of the client's acquisition opportunities, you've heard each one of us talk about the clearing opportunities and across the margin offsets. We're also looking at the impact of the 1-day versus 5-day margin they may [ph] set up by CFTC. And what we're looking at is as we are seeing rules, clarifications, as we're seeing definitions lock down and now service starting at the cost for Q1 kick off, what we're actually seeing is using opportunities to talk to customers, not just about clearing but the potential to migrate customers directly in the future. So many of our conversations are walking into firms to talk about how we can provide OTC clearing for you as a direct result of the mandate, but we're using that opportunity to introduce futures in the equation as well. It's one of the scenarios that Gill talked about as an opportunity set for us. So if we see this in conjunction with the growth of our global sales force and what we've created and talked to you guys about in the last 18 months, as client acquisition opportunities, we're leveraging our broader suite of services beyond just exchange-rate derivatives and then the benefits across margin that accrue right now at house accounts, and we hope to have those accrued clients over the course of the coming months.
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I just want to emphasize something that Derek mentioned, which is that the gross margin future that we are offering here is unique in the sense that it is not replicated, not able to be replicated by anybody. So you can't offer lower price here to get gross margin offsets, for example. You need the open interest. And that's what we have here. And as more of the swap trades come onboard, it becomes more capital efficient for our client base to actually put that rate here.
Matthew S. Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just a quick follow-up. So it looks like you expect about $60 million of annual pretax income from the new index JV. I'm just wondering if you can remind us what your total capital outlay was for your share of the business and what kind of ROIC you're targeting on that investment?
James E. Parisi: The total capital outlay, when we originally bought the Dow, was in the $600 million range. And we typically look to get a return on our capital in the, call it, 10% to 12% range, usually a little in excess of the 10% to 12%. They're kind of a hurdle.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Ditmire with Macquarie.
Edward Ditmire - Macquarie Research: It does seem that the -- let me just put this question. On the LIBOR issue, I understand crystal clear that CME is committed to helping the LIBOR standard improve and continue as a global benchmark. But if due to situations out of your control, the market moved away from LIBOR, could you confirm that you guys would be able to adjust the contract specifications of the Eurodollar future and leverage the incumbent liquidity of your very deep franchise with whatever short-term interest rate standard the market wanted to use?
Phupinder S. Gill: All right. This is Gill. I'll start and then I'll let Derek to add some details. This contract is too important for us not to continually adjust it or pay attention to it. It's one of the flagship contracts that CME has.
Derek Sammann: Yes, I think that's a great point. And I would say we're continuing looking at ways that we can adjust, affirm and certainly streamline any other major products that we trade, particularly our benchmark products. And we would probably point to the CFTC's order and statements made a number of weeks ago as to the impact in the import that the global regulators are placing on, making sure that this remains a robust market mechanism for the long term to come. I would also just note that not only, as Gill mentioned, do we have our Eurodollar contracts but our Treasuries contracts and our Fed funds futures, which are trading about 30,000 contracts a day, and that's a product that already has significant open interest, about 500,000 contracts in the futures and about another 300,000 contracts in options outstanding as well. So not only do we have an existing suite of products beyond just Eurodollar and the certain [ph] complex, we also think that level of imports placed by the federal regulators, I think, just only enhances the long-term viability of this product over time.
Edward Ditmire - Macquarie Research: Okay. On the JV, when you guys announced the deal last year, I think you guys said that you expect the deal to be breakeven. It seems to me that the numbers say that it's not quite breakeven on a run rate basis right now in 2012. Is that accurate? And if that's true, is it because the Dow Jones portion of the business had been doing better than the S&P portion of the business going into the deal?
James E. Parisi: No, I think you're right. It's not quite accretive in the way we've laid it out here for you. Something to consider is that over time, the equity market's been under pressure, assets under management have fallen, that sort of thing. The other thing to consider is that the deal is both an investment and a JV but also extending our license fee agreement with them. And anytime you go to negotiate and extend the license fee agreement, almost by definition that, that negotiation will end up in a dilutive transaction, if you already have that book of business right, as they look to raise rates and that sort of thing. So in some sense, dilution is tied to the licensing side of it. But I think long-term benefits and locking up -- locking down that license for as long as we own the JV. And the dilution here is really very -- not at all material to the overall CME Group.
Operator: And we have time for final question, and that comes from Brian Bedell with ISI Group.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: One more follow-up question on the rates for Derek. As we move into 2013, can you comment on what your expectation is for being able to convert users of the OTC swaps into exchange rate? Obviously, you've been having those conversations for some time but probably you're not seeing it in volumes yet. I guess let me know if you think we are seeing it in the current volumes. What's your conviction that you'll be able to convince those users as we move into 2013? And about when do you think we'll start to see the impact of that on a rate complex?
Derek Sammann: Yes. So I think what we're really going to focus on is what we're doing and how we're positioning ourselves on the OTC clearing side. This is a new opportunity to be able to access and expand our customer base with a broader suite of services. This is about customer choice. This is about providing the customer the option in terms of the product of choice, the risk tool of choice and the source of the choice and the risk mitigants. We've talked about the ability to walk in and talk to a customer about the suite of services and the cross-margining capabilities available to that customer. That's highly attractive to customers that are already trading our futures and trade swaps already, and this is an opportunity to be able to really put the focus on the clearing side of the business and represent ourselves to provide the best of those clearing services into that customer base. With a clarity of the definitions coming through over the last couple of weeks and starting to clock for what we believe to be a mid-Q1 implementation and take-up, as you've heard Gill talk about before early in the conversation, they are beyond the sea of clients that are clearing in a pre-mandate world with us right now. There's a significant number of clients that are already through -- that have completed the testing phase and are simply waiting for the day to kick off. So we see that beginning to ramp up over the course of Q4, and we see -- at a pre-mandate point, I think you'll see a more significant jump in terms of those that have simply said, "I'll do everything I have to, to be prepared but will most likely do very little until the day that I have to clear." So we're spending our time with the customers, making sure that they are ready and able at the point where it puts over.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great, that's very helpful. And then my follow-up would be just on expense flexibility. A question for Jamie. If we are in a tougher volume environment, near term, how do you think about near-term expense control versus some of the expenditures for some of the longer-term growth initiatives? Do we have material flexibility to reduce the current guidance from 595 in the second half?
James E. Parisi: I'd say we have -- there's obviously a lot of operating leverage in our business model that cuts both ways, right. So it's very difficult to naturally decrease expenses as volumes are not as strong as they've been in the past. But you have seen us taking a lot of -- making a very strong effort to be very disciplined. We'll continue to do that if there is a point. There are a couple of items that are volume-related in our expenses. Licensee fee and incentive program expense obviously fall under that category as does our bonus. And there is a point at which the bonus hits the cliff where if we perform below a certain level of 20% below our target for the year, that there will be no bonus payments. So that's a natural mitigant. But other than that, I'll say that we'll just -- we're going to continue to be as disciplined as possible while also keeping our eye on the future. This is -- for us, we view this as a cyclical downturn, and we're operating in that mindset.
Operator: And at this time, I'll turn the call back over to the speakers.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in CME, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John C. Peschier - Managing Director of Investor Relations Craig Steven Donohue - Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee Phupinder S. Gill - President James E. Parisi - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Managing Director of Finance & Corporate Development Kimberly S. Taylor - President of CME Clearing House Division Bryan T. Durkin - Chief Operating officer and Managing Director of Products & Services Terrence A. Duffy - Executive Chairman, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee Unknown Executive - 
Analysts: Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Matthew S. Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the CME Group First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John C. Peschier: Thank you, and thank you, all, for joining us. Craig, Gill and Jamie will make some introductory comments, and then we'll open up the call for your questions. Terry, Bryan Durkin and Kim Taylor are on the call as well. Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the accompanying slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. Detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K, which is on our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Craig.
Craig Steven Donohue: Thank you, John. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Before I turn this over to Gill to review our first quarter performance, I wanted to just say that our succession transition has been going extremely well. As I'm sure everyone appreciates, the close working relationship and teamwork between me, Gill and Terry over these last 9 years is making this transition very easy. Since the announcement of my retirement, we have been, and are continuing to transition internal responsibilities. We've also been spending time with our customers, partners and industry colleagues to ensure a smooth hand-off in areas where I was playing a more active role.  Given our exceptional progress, I would expect that the formal part of my transition can be completed very soon, and likely prior to our annual shareholder meeting. This will give us the ability to accelerate Gill's assumption of the CEO role and ensure that we keep moving forward with purpose on the execution of our global growth strategy.  Given that this will be my last earnings call, I want to thank each and every one of you for your friendship and support during this last 8.5 years. I will miss interacting with you, but wish all of you and my CME Group colleagues much continued success. CME Group is a strong institution with great people, great products and great partners, and I will enjoy watching the company thrive and prosper with your continued support and Gill and Terry's leadership. With that, I'll turn it over to Gill.
Phupinder S. Gill: Thank you, Craig. The CME Group has certainly been blessed to have had Craig at the helm over the past 8.5 years.  During -- I'm on to the report now. During the first quarter, global trading volumes were impacted by low levels of volatility. The uncertainty about market direction has lead to greater focus on the release of economic data that measured the overall health of the economy. While concerns remain, there are some positive signs that an improving economy would bode well for our product set as the trading community responds to better news.  With that as a backdrop, I'm going to spend my time today talking about the areas that are well within our control. And those include product technology and clearing offerings. We have accomplished a great deal during the first 90 days of the year. Let me provide you with some examples. First, in terms of products, a couple of takeaways. Our volume has been muted, we are performing fairly well compared to our peers in several product areas; and second, we have seen a nice pick-up in open interest, which has jumped by 16% from year-end 2011 to 90.5 million contracts. Lastly, we continue to lead the industry with the breadth of our product innovation and our global relationships.  Interest rate volume was down from a year ago, but down significantly less than our European peers. Although volumes, for us, have been hindered on the short end, it is important to note the deepened liquidity in the middle of the curve has helped. For example, at the beginning of 2011, we launched Mid-Curve Options on year 4, the so-called blue Mid-Curve Options. This contract averaged almost 250,000 contracts per day in March and was very active as volatility picked up temporarily.  Another important innovation was our weekly treasury options, which continue to gain traction each quarter. On Thursday, March 8, in anticipation of the non-farm payroll report, we traded 78,000 contracts and it has become a popular gamma product for our trading economic events. These new products build on the success we had 2 years ago, with our Ultra Bond offering. In addition, longer-dated treasuries, the 10s, the long bonds and the Ultras, are going faster than shorter-dated treasuries. Bottom line here is while others have created look-alike products of our benchmarks, it created new rates products, which are generating revenue and serve as important tools for our customers.  On to FX. FX daily Volume was down, primarily due to government intervention in Japan and Switzerland and uncertainty related to the Euro. CME Group's emerging market currencies, which have been a major focus area for us, were up 20% year-over-year. Our total FX open interest exceeded the all-time record set in 2007, 9x in March. Most importantly, March marks the all-time high in CME Group value traded relative to the current FX market leader, with CME Group reaching approximately 96% of EBS volume.  Within equities, open interest has jumped 18% from year-end 2011. While down, volumes in our Equity products outperformed the other most actively traded index futures products around the world. Volatility was low during the quarter, with the VIX averaging 18 relative to 30 in Q4, 2011. So within financial products at CME, we are performing well relative to our peers.  We have been quite active in terms of innovation in our agricultural product area. We recently announced the launch of CBOT Black Sea Wheat Futures to begin training on June 6, subject of course to regulatory approval. This is an important next step for CME Group as it relates to our new market development efforts in Eastern Europe. In addition, along with the Minneapolis Grain Exchange, we launched the MGEX-CBOT Wheat Spread Options.  Within metals, similar to some to the financial products, we have seen a pick-up in open interest, primarily gold, which was up 10% compared to the end of 2011. We have seen continued growth in metals volumes traded during non-U.S. hours, which has jumped from 21% of electronic volume in Q1 '09 to 27% in Q1 2012.  Of note, copper trading has increased significantly so far in 2012, the most pronounced pick-up occurring in electronic activity during Asian trading hours. Average daily volumes for copper products increased more than 40% versus Q1 of last year, and now represents more than 15% of our metals volume. Interest in copper has been driven by the supply/demand picture, as well as in the interest in trading copper on the basis of economic growth in Asia, with China becoming the largest consumer.  In addition, we also added to our OTC offering by announcing the April 30 launch of Aluminum Swap Futures, based on the Platts index. Increasing industrial demand from Asia and growing competition for resources had lead to increased price volatility in some raw materials.  Within energy, the main driver of the quarter was the strength in natural gas and we had an all-time high in revenue on CME ClearPort. While the WTI/Brent spread widened a bit during the quarter, we believe that the reversal of the Seaway pipeline, which will be operational in May, is an initial factor which should help narrow the spread by relieving supply stock in Cushing. Over the last month, concerns about the situation in Iran have decreased and the spread has tightened.  From a longer-term perspective, we increased our investment in the Dubai Mercantile Exchange from 28% to 50%. Our goal is to build this product into 1/3 crude oil benchmark that appeals to traders in Asia. Increased trading volumes and wider acceptance of the contracts should encourage producers and buyers of Middle Eastern oil to adopt it as a benchmark for long-term crude sales to Asia.  We are pleased to see some very encouraging early signs with a record DME Crude electronic volume day yesterday of 13,000 contracts, as well as expecting April to be the fourth consecutive record trading month.  Turning now to the clearing area. Our OTC clearing momentum has continued as customers have huge -- utilized our multi-asset class platform well ahead of the regulatory mandate. To date, more than 1,800 buy side accounts have cleared more than $515 billion in total notional in IRS and Credit Default Swaps, with $283 billion cleared during Q1. In addition, the pipeline is expanding with 2,500 additional accounts currently testing with us and 15 of our intermediaries. We are viewed as the leader in D-to-C OTC clearing in the U.S., clearing more business in Q1 than we did in all of 2011.  In rate swaps, we now offer and clear the top 7 currencies, which represent 95% of the vanilla interest rates swap market clearable at CME. Earlier this month, we successfully added Australian Dollars, Swiss Francs and Japanese Yen. We remain focused on expanding this business globally and we plan to launch OTC interest rate swap clearing through CMECE later this year.  We will provide portfolio margining of OTC interest rate swap positions in Eurodollar and Treasury Futures house accounts beginning on May 7. The risk reduction achieved will result in capital efficiencies of up to 85%. These are figures that remain unparallel in the industry. We expect the same capital benefits to be available for customer accounts prior to the mandatory clearing date. Based on recent comments by the CFTC, our working assumption for the initial phase of mandatory swaps clearing is in the October, November time period for swap dealers, major swap participants and active hedge funds, while smaller banks and asset managers will potentially follow in early next year. In terms of technology, we had a seamless launch of our co-location services at the end of January, which took considerable effort by our technology and operations group. Based on strong demand, we expect to open the second phase of the facility for customers in the second quarter of next year. We will give more clarity on the additional revenue opportunity later this year. Shifting to our global efforts. In terms of Q1 trading volume, we continue to see faster growth from customers outside the U.S. Our overall electronic volume in Q1 was up 3% sequentially, with U.S. volume up 2%, while volume from Asia and Europe each jumped 10%. We have made significant headway with educational efforts, particularly in Asia, and as we mentioned last quarter, we have a healthy pipeline of new Asian intermediaries, which we plan to leverage.  During the quarter, we signed on with the Bank of China to explore and collaborate in the long-term business relationship that will harness the strength of both organizations to provide mutual benefits as both parties grow their global businesses. These efforts include commercial banking and collateral management activities with BOCI's Hong Kong, London and U.S. branches, as well as potential product offerings.  We've also further expanded our relationship with BM&FBOVESPA by implementing a cross listing and cross licensing agreement. Under the arrangement, Ibovespa, the main Brazilian stock index, will be listed and cleared by CME Group as U.S. dollar denominated Ibovespa futures. BM&F will launch S&P 500 index futures to be settled in Brazilian real along with WTI futures.  In summary, it was a busy first quarter for us and we continue to execute on our plans to position the company for the long- term in an efficient way. Looking out a few quarters and into the next year, we expect much of the uncertainty related to Dodd-Frank to be mostly behind us. We expect our OTC globalization and non-transaction related opportunities to continue to take flight . We are optimistic the U.S. economy will continue to progress in the right direction. It should bode well for our product set and the confidence of the cautious trading community.  Now, I will turn the call over to Jamie to discuss the financials.
James E. Parisi: Thank you, Gill, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'm going to review the results of the quarter and then I'll talk a little bit about our focus on efficiency from a financial perspective.  Let we start with revenue. While average daily volume jumped 5% compared to the fourth quarter, ADV was down 11% versus the same quarter a year ago when we posted exceptionally strong quarterly average daily volumes due to the impact of significant unrest in the Middle East and the natural disaster in Japan.  Rate per contracts for the first quarter was $0.811, which was up slightly from the first quarter last year and the same as the RPC in Q4. Looking at the sequential comparison, various mix-related items offset each other. Product mix was slightly positive to the rates and that was offset by a negative venue mix and member/non-member mix, as member volumes grew faster than non-member volumes.  In terms of non-volume related revenue, we saw a 12% increase in the fourth quarter, driven by an increase in market data revenue and the addition of co-location, which launched at the end of January. Total co-location revenue during Q1 was $9.7 million, offset slightly by decreases in other connectivity offerings as customers migrated to co-lo. This revenue is found in the access and communication fees line. Total expense was $323 million for the quarter, up about $4 million compared with the fourth quarter, excluding MF Global items from last year. Turning with Compensation and Benefits expense, this line item was $135 million following the typical higher first quarter seasonal pattern, due to a jump in the FICA and the vacation accrual areas, along with our merit and promotion increases for employees, which typically hit in February.  These 3 areas accounted for an increase of $11.4 million from the fourth quarter. In addition, due to the 12% increase in the equity market in Q1, we've booked $4.1 million in deferred compensation expense, which is offset in investment income and was $2 million more than Q4. Modeling purposes, typically every 3% change, up or down, in quarterly equity market value will drive about $1 million of expense in this category.  We saw a reduction in headcount during Q1 of approximately 35 positions from 2,737 to 2,702. During the quarter, we incurred approximately $3 million of severance expense as we recognized -- as we reorganize certain functions. In total, the seasonal accruals, deferred compensation and severance related costs resulted in a $15 million increase from the fourth quarter.  In addition, we announced internally that we will be offering a voluntary exit incentive plan to a select group of employees, and we will likely provide some detail on this next quarter. At this point, it is difficult to quantify based on the uncertainty of acceptance and the potential to backfill some of the positions.  Lastly, we are currently in the process of opening an office in Northern Ireland, which is initially focused on certain technology functions we are augmenting overseas. Our plan is to initially hire between 80 and 90 employees there, which will eventually allow us to reduce consulting costs.  In terms of non-compensation expense, in Q1, we recorded $190 million compared to $203 million in Q4 and $185 million in Q1 of 2011. Some specific items to focus on there. We spent approximately $3 million during the first quarter on the index joint venture with S&P, down a bit from the fourth quarter. We had the strongest ClearPort quarter in our history with approximately $83 million of revenue, which increased the ClearPort rebates by $2.4 million sequentially. This is reflected in the license fee line. In addition, co-lo was operational in February and resulted in an incremental to $1.3 million related to depreciation, utilities and maintenance versus Q4.  Turning to non-operating income. Last year, during the first quarter, we received dividends totaling $17 million, which included $2.7 million from an investment in IMAREX to $14 million from BVMF. This year, we received $6.6 million in dividends from BVMF, which is paid at the discretion of their board. Our tax rate came in at 38.6%, which included a one-time favorable adjustment. We expect our effective tax rate to come in at 41% for the remainder of the year, which represents the lower end of our original guidance for 2011.  Turning to the balance sheet, we had $1.1 billion of cash and marketable securities at the end of March, following the $147 million regular quarterly dividend and the $200 million annual variable dividend, both paid in March. You may have seen the news earlier this week about our sale of the CBOT building. The total sales price was approximately $151.5 million. And based on using some capital losses associated with other portions of our business, we expect to retain more than $145 million of the proceeds.  Capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $30 million in the first quarter. In 2012, our CapEx expectations are in the $140 million to $150 million range. A couple of final comments on expenses. For the remainder of the year, the sales of the CBOT building will reduce expenses by approximately $15 million with a similar amount of revenue eliminated.  All else equal, we expect second quarter expense to drop by approximately $10 million from the first quarter, driven primarily by a reduction in compensation and building-related costs. Lastly, we expect to close the Dow and S&P contraction during the third quarter and we will provide additional clarity on the impacts for this and the voluntary exit program at that time. In summary, we are very focused on being as efficient as we can to maximize the results while also investing in long-term growth areas like co-location, globalization and OTC clearing.  With that, we'd like to open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Rich Repetto from Sandler O'Neill.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Anyway, my first question is, so on the expense side, Jamie, the $10 million reduction, can you break that out a little bit with what's going on between the building versus the comp, because the building has the revenue offsets. And just in general on the expenses. You did mention this voluntary exit incentive. If volumes stayed where they are, would you be looking at greater expense reductions over the course of the year?
James E. Parisi: So in terms of the $10 million reduction for the next -- that we anticipate for the next quarter, a lot of that is driven by -- on the comp side, as I said. There's a lot of -- seasonally, Q1 is typically very high for the reasons that I pointed out. Also, as you look at the buildings, you're going to see impacts in the occupancy line and depreciation line and to a lesser extent, the professional fees line. Those will be the key areas where that impacts going forward. And I would take that -- the $15 million of savings that I talked about, and pretty much prorate that over the period from the sale date forward. In terms of overall expense, I think we've been pretty clear all along that we believe that the current situation in terms of volume is cyclical and as a result, we want to be judicious in terms of our expense discipline and not cut into muscles that we end up spending even more later on down the road. So that said, based on the guidance that I gave last quarter, to me, it's kind of clear that expenses moved somewhat as volumes increase or decrease, but those expense changes are much smaller than the revenue changes obviously, as you would expect in a model like ours where there's a lot of operating leverage. So if volumes were to remain at current level, which is down roughly 10% or so versus the prior year, I would expect that our expenses might grow around 1%. But then when you include the building in there, the impacts of the building is likely flat versus the prior year. Remember that the key drivers here, in terms of expense variability as volumes change, are going to be the bonus and the license fees, and those numbers I'm giving you roughly up ones are flat are -- exclude the impact from the disposition of the CMA and Dow and the voluntary exit program. The other thing to think about too is, on the bonus side, there's a certain level when we're more than 20% below our cash earnings target, where there's a cliff and that bonus expense just totally goes away. But that -- we're not close to that level yet. The other thing to talk think about as you're thinking about the expenses for the coming year. We did enter this year with a conscious effort on everybody's part to limit or reduce expenses wherever we can. And you just can look at the baseline expense growth in the slides that we have to see that. And you can also see that we've already been actively managing our staffing growth as I've talked about, flat growth from Q3 to Q4, and then down 35 positions from Q4 to current. Now we're going to continue to look for efficiencies wherever possible, like the fill, the building, the opening of the Northern Ireland office, the voluntary program. And some of the benefits of these programs aren't necessarily going to be all realized this year. There's going to be some upfront costs associated with some them, so that's all worked in there. We're working as hard as we can to reduce expenses.
Phupinder S. Gill: Rich, this is Gill, if I can just add to what Jamie was saying. As you could tell from what he said, the leadership of the firm is extremely focused on expense -- disciplined both in the short term, as well as long term, and while continuing to position us for continued growth.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Howard Chen from Crdit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just my follow-up -- sorry, my first question is on the CBOT building sale proceeds. Do you expect those to go towards the dividend, maybe some share repurchase as the stock remains weak? Or allocate it towards something else, Jamie?
James E. Parisi: I think we're going to be very consistent with what we've said in the prior call in terms of any -- at the end of this year, we're going to look back and see what cash we've got on the balance sheet and review whether or not it make sense for us to do that -- the variable dividends for next year. And that will -- these proceeds will play into that.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just my follow-up question, maybe one for Kim or Gill, is on OTC clearing. We can certainly see the nice pick-up in volumes ahead of mandatory clearing requirements. But I'm just curious what if anything you're seeing or hearing as the Moody's review becomes kind of up front of mind in both the clients and the dealers. Are you seeing any kind of acceleration in activity or conversations around that potential event for the dealers.
Phupinder S. Gill: I'll start, Howard, and Kim might want to add since she's on the ground with this issue. I think what you're seeing, particularly now, is more and more clients are testing. It's not on-boarding with us because in recent conversations with the CFTC, the expectation is that mandatory clearing would be here before the end of the year. And there's a certain amount of excitement, particularly as it relates to the cross margin offset where we are in the best position to provide the most efficient margining offsets, both for initially the house account and by the third or fourth quarter of this year, the whole business when we extend it to the client account. Kim, do you have anything to add?
Kimberly S. Taylor: I think you've rightly identified that counter-party credit concerns are one of the issues that customers look at when they're thinking about moving their business to the cleared environment ahead of the mandate. SO I think that, that will continue to be the case as people evaluate the aftereffects of the Moody's downgrade. I think, also, there are a couple of factors, the downgrade being potentially one, and I think further work developing the capital costs associated with Basel 3 and some of the banks that will also be starting to drive some interest and perhaps more B2B, as well.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Jillian Miller from BMO Capital Markets.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So it sounds like on the call, in your comments, you referenced yourselves as a leading dealer to client OTC clear in the U.S. And I mean that's definitely the case that also kind of highlights the fact that there's not a whole lot of dealer-to-dealer going on in your market. So I just wanted to kind of get an update on what piece of the market you're really going after. Are you happy being a dealer-to-client solution, or do you think it's possible and do you want to get some of that dealer-to-dealer volume? If so, what do you do to go after that?
Phupinder S. Gill: Jillian, this is Gill. I'll start again, and Kim might want to add. From our perspective, as you know, the sweet spot for us currently, is the dealer-to-client side where we have been appealing to the buy side who have expressed some concerns with respect to counter-party risk, and so they have come on board pretty much very enthusiastically from a capital efficiency point of view to the extent that they continue having the momentum of the D-to-C trades that we have been seeing. It becomes, I think, very capital efficient for the dealers themselves to basically pass a lot more out their to all of their trades at the CME in order to achieve that capital efficiencies that they can't otherwise get. So our expectation is that over time, you would see a healthy balance between the D-to-C trades, as well as the D-to-D. So our ambition is, if you will, is to harness both of those activities. But currently, we are seeing very, very strong activity on the D-to-C-to-C side.
Kimberly S. Taylor: And I think I would only add, just a follow-up to something that Gill had already mentioned. In addition to tracking the client business and thereby making it efficient for the dealers to put their offsetting transaction here, we're very focused on being capital efficient for the dealers in general. The first thing that's coming in that regard for countries is the risk offset between the dealers future positions here and the interest rate and the interest rate swaps that they have. And on some of the estimates, there are let's say, significant collateral cost associated with them.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Just as a follow-up, you guys mentioned you're going to be launching a bunch of cross-listed products with BM&F this year. Just trying to get your thoughts on how we should be thinking about the size of that opportunity? And when you look at your relationship with the BM&F, what is the most important piece to you? Is that the order routing you've already rolled out or is it more of these cross-listed products?
Phupinder S. Gill: If you look at our relationship with BM&F, actually, it's a very comprehensive one. It includes a couple of dimensions, one -- several of the dimensions you've already mentioned, in addition to that is the joint development effort that we undertook some time ago. And we're also working with that client base and the regulatory authorities there to make it easier for trades to flow, both north and south, as well as south to north, with particular focus by us in the south to north trades. And so it's a bigger relationship than that. With respect to cross listing, I think it addresses a very important opportunity, both for themselves, as well as for us. And when you have these activities that you see CME engage in, where cross licensing is concerned, whether it's India or Brazil, we are looking at these economies that are by and large closed, but yet with an interest express by a client base to trade particular products, either it's CME or at Bovespa. And so by lifting these products on either side, it exposes each of our client bases to the liquid products that we have. And I think it's a long-term venture on our part to grow the volume. In Ibovespa, taking that as a specific example, it's a phenomenal add-on to what is already a world-class equity complex that we have. It provides our client base with further diversification.
James E. Parisi: And I think, Gill, when you look at the -- in the first quarter, when you look at the financial impacts and the revenues that we've achieved from our relationship with Brazil, in terms of the software agreement that we've got them, the co-development agreement, we garnered around $1 million or so and fees tied to that. But then when you look at the fees that we're generating in South America from transaction fees, it's a multiple of that. It's in the first quarter, somewhere on $5 million or so fees that we generated from people trading in our products and our platform from South America.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alex Kramm, UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just wanted to talk about the volume environment a little bit more. Obviously, Gill, you gave a lot of color by product and what you're seeing there. But can you talk a little bit about, in case I missed it, about the customer mix? And if you've seen any changes, in particular, on product-by-product basis? Is it fundamental users that have been cared back, are there any particular reasons? Or are you seeing other, like high-frequency traders pay back a little bit? Or has the mix really not changed and everything is just soft right now?
Phupinder S. Gill: Yes, we don't give out exact numbers, but I think it's safe to say that the volume has been down across the board. What's been encouraging about the volume in some of these asset classes is there has been a percentage tick-up in activity in participation like activity among the commercial, as well as some of the individual prompts. And this is specific to an asset class like foreign exchange. What is encouraging, though, is the overall tick-up from year end in terms of open interest. So while volatility is dampening, the volume activity of our client base, the open interest across the board is up about 15% compared to year end last year. And they're seeing a pick-up in activity from the asset managers. Bryan, do you have anything to add?
Bryan T. Durkin: No. I just think it goes to the efficacy of the sales program that we have in place. We've got new users coming in to some of these products, as Gill alluded to on the FX side, where we saw some decreases in certain client segments. We've seen new client segments coming in and doing a substantial uptake in the foreign currency product, particularly in the emerging markets. And these are generally position holders, which is a good signal for the future growth of that complex. And it's a similar trend we're seeing in our other products.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just a very quick one for Jamie here. On the transactions fee line, clearly, if you just look at the volumes, the 3 or 4 and the RPCs, you'd obviously get a little bit of smaller number. I think the delta is the $1.6 million, obviously, very small. I assume that CMECE and also the swaps clearing, can you just give us a flavor of -- is that actually true? And then also what this business are contributing, I know very small, but just so we have an idea?
James E. Parisi: Yes. In terms of the OTC, it's still obviously in the very early stages, but revenue in the first quarter, which is in the transaction fee line, was in the neighborhood of roughly $2 million.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Ken Worthington with from JP Morgan.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You mentioned kind of record activity at ClearPort. As you kind of look forward for the rest of the year, what is your outlook there and what are the key things that, I guess, either you or we, should be focusing on?
Bryan T. Durkin: Couple of things. It's Bryan. You need to keep an eye on the acceleration of our capabilities to roll out a product, particularly on the agricultural, as well as in the general -- I mean, energy, as well as the agricultural sectors. What you're seeing is an increase in the introduction of esoteric OTC structured-type products that is showing our direct responsiveness to the client base and that is accelerating. I think our efforts and our performance overall, with respect to ClearPort. The focus as well on the OTC interest rate side of the equation is also something that transcends itself into some of our other core product mixes. So we're seeing some similarity in users and new users coming in accessing ClearPort.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Excellent. That's helpful. And then just on Slide 5, on the volatility charts, the strong indication that recent volatility has been at lower levels. As you think about volatility over a longer period of time, say over 10 years and 20 years, what does that tell you about the level of volatility? Are we getting back to normal volatility levels? Or is it really unusually low volatility levels that, over a longer period of time, should rise? And then, I don't know, maybe 10 to 20 years isn't the right time period. Maybe it should be 5 years if the time period is better in the shorter term, maybe address that as well?
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gill. I'll start and I don't know if anybody has anything else to add here. But predicting volatility on a going forward basis is not something that we would know or know how to do. I think -- but if you look expectations or what the general market expectations are with volatility levels as low as they are now almost across the board, you can expect a pick-up. The question becomes when, right? And on the rate side, for example, given the Fed announcement yesterday of continued no Fed action to the end of 2014, there is no real consensus among, even in SBF or MC with some people's dissension -- with some dissension there, so I think the uncertainty and the dialogue around the uncertainty of when the Fed will actually move is going to bode well for the CME Group's market with respect to the commodities for example, that's going to be highly dependent upon things that are essentially out of our control: weather, demand. But given, in general, the volatility patterns that we are seeing, the expectation is it's going to be up and I can't tell you, Ken, if it's going to be the next 3 years, 5 years or 10 years.
Terrence A. Duffy: This is Terry Duffy. I think one of the interesting things about volatility and looking at traders' behaviors, is volatility might be low, but prices are already either all-time highs or all-time lows, which is only telling you one thing: volatility has to increase. If you look at the price of nat gas at a 10-year low, you'll look at the price of WTI and Brent at an all-time highs, you'll look at the price of the interest rates, as Mr. Gill said, is lows. And food products are trading at very high numbers, but the volatility being low. So we're looking at historical prices, both low and high, but no volatility. That equation has to change. It's only a matter of pure fundamentals. It will change.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take your next question from Michael Carrier, Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the expense side. So I just want to make sure, when we're talking about the $10 million reduction this quarter, that topped the $323 million. And then if we are in a environment where the volumes are -- this is relative to what you guys gave the last quarter, so the 2% to 3% expense increase for -- at a low-volume environment. But if we are on the negative side, besides the bonus comment that you mentioned that, that can decline, any other areas that you can pull back, and if you can size that like the level that you need to be for that bonus to come down and how significant that could be?
James E. Parisi: I'm not going to cite exactly where the bonus cliff is, but as I said before, it's minus 20% off of our internal cash earnings targets. And just in terms of -- because of the operating leverage in the model, it is very difficult for us to reduce expenses without cutting into muscle over time, so we want to be very careful around that when we're just in a cyclical low. So if we're down at volume levels like we are today, down 10% and that were to persist throughout the year, I think that we'd be somewhere in the flat range in terms of expense growth versus last year. And of course, on top of that, we'll look to see where we can to reduce other discretionary expenses. But that's the best I can give you at this point. And as the quarter progresses, we'll give you some further updates because of the disposition of the Dow and CMA and the voluntary exit program, those are all somewhat -- those all have impacts on the expenses going forward and we'll give you more detail on that next time.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then as a follow-up, just on the OTC comment, you mentioned around $2 million in the revenues today. So when you think about the traction that you've gained in terms of clients and the amount of open interest that they control, is there any expectation as you get into the back half of this year, or the end of 2013, on where that revenue can get to? And then just on the co-lo, I just wanted to clarify, I think you gave what the amount was, you got a full quarter of a run rate, do you have that number, just going forward?
James E. Parisi: Well, on co-lo, I would love to -- again, we only got 2 months under our belt, so I would look to the guidance that we've given previously of $40 million to $45 million for the current year. And your other question was on OTC?
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right.
James E. Parisi: Expectations? Again, we're so early in the process, I don't think that we want to put any expectations out there for the current year. You can look at what we said in the past about what we charge per million or what we expect to garner per million in term of revenue in the interest rates swap sides, $5 to $6 on the CDS side, we've said $7 to $8. I think if you look at the most recent quarter, we were in that range, probably between $6 and $7 per million. So I would use that to model.
Operator: And moving on. We'll take your next question from Matthew Heinz, Stifel, Nicolaus.
Matthew S. Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Wondering if you could just illuminate the London strategy a little bit for me, maybe in terms of how you expect to leverage CE IRS clearing to help jump start the Dry Core [ph] business there. I guess, in the similar fashion to what you're doing in the U.S. with cross margining swaps and futures?
Bryan T. Durkin: Well, I'll start, it's Bryan. Definitely, through our intensified footprint in Europe and our introduction of the CMECE clearing offering that we have, we have targeted that client community in the context of managing their OTC interest rate exposure and we have found a very strong interest and being able to provide that offering locally within the European region. We have intensified our efforts and focused to introduce those products to respond to those regional demands and concerns. We also see that by doing so, it is resulting in equivalent new interest in a number of our core products. So by having that offering coming on the horizon in the very near future, we are bringing in the beneficiary of bringing in new business in multiple asset classes from the local region.
Phupinder S. Gill: Matt, this is Gill. Just to add to what's Bryan is saying. I think one of the questions you had was with respect to the potential for cross margining between CMECE and the U.S. side. As you may know, we had a long-standing arrangement with the LCH across margining some years ago and we've begun the conversation with both the FSA and the CFTC on allowing CMECE's portfolio to be cross margined with the clearing offering here. Now in light of the implementation of Dodd-Frank and their -- and this going to be viewed in a different light, so we don't have any guidance to give with respect to that just yet. But the conversations are beginning now.
Kimberly S. Taylor: This is Kim. If I could just add in, with respect to the rates offering at CMECE, we are getting good customer response to some of the features that are part of our U.S. offerings, the immediacy of clearing, the simplified workflows, the product sets that we have. Those are resonating with the customer base in Europe as well.
Matthew S. Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. I really appreciate that color. And then just as a quick follow-up. You talked a little bit what's impact -- the government intervention impacting the Asian currencies, and I appreciate that. But what do you think has driven kind of the slow down in the major European currencies? And then I haven't looked at the breakdown in a while, but what's the share or the breakdown between your G7 and your emerging market currencies in the FX business?
James E. Parisi: With respect to the slow down on the European side of the equation, it really is an overhang from the European debt crisis and the intervention with respect to those main currencies that would be tied to it. With respect to emerging markets, we're very, very excited about the continued trend and the increase in open interest, as well as volume in the emerging sector. The open interest is very high across the board for all of our foreign currencies and we're going to continue to intensifying our efforts. We've seen there a wonderful uptake, in particular in the Mexican peso. And I think your other question was the breakdown. 75% of the volume is centralized in the G7s. So when you look at that, and if you see those trends that have occurred over the course of the last 2 years, there's been a substantial uptake in the emerging market, and we're continuing that focus.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Brian Bedell, ISI Group.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. I just -- first one on your product -- on your customer mix, obviously, you guys are doing a very good job in building organically the customer base in some of the new customer types that you alluded to Bryan. But if we look at, I guess, the usage of high-frequency trading within the mix, I mean, to what extent do you think seeing lower high-frequency usage based on lower volatility and the multiplier effect that you typically get with volumes versus the extent that there's potentially a structural change would just lower participation by high-frequency shops. I guess when we think, if volatility comes back, do you expect to save the type of move back in volumes?
Bryan T. Durkin: An excellent question. We have seen some reduction in the overall performance of the, what would be categorized as the more proprietary, high-frequency traders across asset classes. What's very interesting, and I alluded to earlier, is the significant uptake across other client segments into these same products. So if you take a look at the interest that we're seeing evolving, particularly from the corporate side of the equation, I think historically, we have focused very much so on the commercial users of the markets with our client segment team that is very focused on both corporate and commercial. We are seeing new clientele coming into our products. As we do that, those that are traditionally interested in hedging, for example, their foreign currency or interest rate risk, are taking a look at some of the asset classes that we offer and we're seeing -- for some low incremental but consistent interest in our commodities particularly in metals and agricultural complex.
Phupinder S. Gill: If I can just add to what Bryan was saying. I think the lack of participation from the so-called high-frequency guidance will be due to the lack of volatility and not necessarily structural changes that might be on the horizon.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. And then just a quick follow-up on the RPC for ClearPort and energy complex. That's been down the last couple of quarters in that low 150s range versus higher 150s. I know there were some low volume contracts, I think like the PJM Power contract and there was -- a mini-WTI contract that influenced that last quarters. Is that something we should consider continuing for the foreseeable future? Or do you think we'll see a sort of a snap back up in that RPC in that line?
James E. Parisi: It's really hard to say, Bryan, because that -- at ClearPort, there are hundreds of different products with different rates. So oftentimes, that change in that RPC is going to be driven by product mix shift and it's very difficult to predict the marginal changes in that rate going forward.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. It's inferred that the mix is in favor of current RPC, I guess like into the end of the first quarter?
James E. Parisi: I'm not quite following your question.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Is it the current mix that would give you the RPC that we're -- for getting for first quarter, is that a trend that's continuing into the end of the first quarter at least that we can sort of base our modeling forward on?
James E. Parisi: Yes. As I said is, it's very difficult to tell.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Niamh Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: On the Analyst Day, you gave us -- we knew -- some really comments I remember, and one of them -- we were talking about the new Dodd-Frank and the OTC opportunity, but some comments on clients that we're talking about how the marginal requirements for swaps are going to be higher than for futures. So maybe they were thinking about moving into futures instead. And then are you seeing that kind of come through in the form of maybe block trades? Have you any kind of anecdotal or any evidence that you are actually seeing some -- maybe some new customers or people kind of moving out of swaps into futures? And maybe that was what some of the recent headlines were about? Maybe some of the guys in the picture saying as well and they're also happy about it. It didn't seem like any of the block trades that happened on that occasion were outside of the balance of block trades. But I'm just wondering if that's maybe an opportunity we should start to build in?
Bryan T. Durkin: A couple of things. It's Bryan. First of all, we are seeing new business coming into our core interest rate futures from new clientele that originally has been coming in to utilize our interest rate swap OTC clearing services. I would not say that, that is switching business into futures. I would say that it's more augmenting their current risk portfolio. So as they are clearing business through us, they are also looking at the efficiencies in the liquidity provided and the core product for interest rates and utilizing your dollar strips to augment their interest rate swap exposure on the clearing side. With respect to the block trades, I wouldn't necessarily make that correlation. There is a whole host of reasons why our users need to avail themselves to our block trading facilities. That's 1 of 4 platforms for our user base to be able to facilitate and manage their risks.
Phupinder S. Gill: Niamh, this is Gill. Just to add to what Bryan was saying. I think you -- even though you -- we can't tell or we don't know or we would not ascribe the interest and the growth in several of our product lines offering, interest to clients preferring which is OTC. There has been, as you pointed out, a lot of talk, particularly among the asset managers about shifting over to futures rather than OTC forbearers and for these reasons. But that's not evident.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then if I could touch another. We heard some recent comments from -- I'm sorry, a senior politician suggesting about the regulators kind of increasing the budget, which is nothing new, but also suggesting about kind of limiting the leverage that people could apply in the derivatives market. And I guess it turned our heads because supposedly, it was kind of something that they discussed with the regulators that they didn't seem objective to it. So are you having any discussions at all with the regulators about higher margin requirements in the futures market or anything like that?
James E. Parisi: Are you referring to the President's remarks on the margin?
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: That would be it.
James E. Parisi: I actually said this in testimony the other day, that the worst thing to do to try to control prices is to utilize FX margins to do so. Margins are there for a risk management tool not to effectuate price. And then there's been multiple studies that, no matter what you do with margins, it's not going to affect the price in the long term. We raised margins on energy, I believe, 5x in the last 12 months, and our oil markets and the price still marched straight up. So what the President -- I think, may be a little bit confused and some of his advisers may be a little bit confused there, when you raise margins when a product is going up, the people that have all the money are the longs, the people that don't have the money are the shorts, and the margin applies to both sides of the equation. And that only exacerbates the problem for the upside if you're going to try to utilize margins as a tool to effectuate price. I think Congress gets that very, very clearly.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: So you are comfortable the regulators get that too?
Unknown Executive: Yes.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Gaston Ceron, Morningstar Equity Research.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just a real quick question. I know you guys said that you're going to wait until the next quarter to give a little more color on S&P and the DJ joint venture. But I guess one question that I had, just for modeling purposes going forward, is as I think what the impact this might is, can you say, as it stands now, how much of the total revenue did your Dow Jones business that you have today, how much of total revenue did that contribute and what are its margins?
James E. Parisi: The Dow business itself was about $24 million or so of revenue in the quarter, and the margins on that are similar to the margins of the overall company.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And it's my understanding that after the JV -- is the new JV is put in place, this will be a below the line type of situation, right?
James E. Parisi: Yes. It'll be below the line and there'll be some adjustment on the license fee line as well, where we're obviously paying some license fees for the JV for those products.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Matthew Heinz, Stifel, Nicolaus.
Matthew S. Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on the RPC in the rates business. I was just recalling some higher block trades percentages in the quarter that caused a bit of a stir in the press. Just wondering how that impacted the rates RPC? I guess I was surprised to see it down quarter-over-quarter, given that uptick. Can you just maybe talk about what was going on there?
James E. Parisi: Sure. There was -- I mean, when you look at the various mix impacts on the rate quadrant, you're right to point out that the venue mix was actually positive for the rate this quarter as our volume outside the pit proved faster than our regular volumes, our ex-pit volumes grew faster. However, we did see a -- quarter-over-quarter, because of the increasing volumes, the discounts also increased and that more than offset that.
Operator: At this time, that will conclude our Q&A session. I'd like to turn it back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
James E. Parisi: Well, we'd just like to thank you all for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you again on the next earnings call in July. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John C. Peschier - Managing Director of Investor Relations Craig Steven Donohue - Chief Executive Officer and Member of Strategic Steering Committee James E. Parisi - Chief Financial Officer and Managing Director of Finance & Corporate Development Terrence A. Duffy - Executive Chairman, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee Kimberly S. Taylor - President of CME Clearing House Division Bryan T. Durkin - Chief Operating officer and Managing Director of Products & Services Phupinder S. Gill - President
Analysts: Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Roger A. Freeman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Edward Ditmire - Macquarie Research Rob Rutschow - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Matthew S. Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jonathan E. Casteleyn - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CME Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John C. Peschier: Thanks, and good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Craig Donohue and Jamie Parisi will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of 2011 and the fourth quarter, and then we'll open up the call for your questions. In addition, Terry Duffy, Phupinder Gill, Bryan Durkin and Kim Taylor are also here right now. Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the accompanying slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. For detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K and 10Q, which you can find in our website. With that I'd like to turn the call over to Craig.
Craig Steven Donohue: Thanks, John. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'm going to highlight CME Group's 2011 accomplishments and then share some thoughts about 2012, afterwards Jamie will review our fourth quarter financial results. Overall, 2011 results were strong despite a challenging backdrop. 2011 volume averaged a record 13.4 million contracts per day, up 10% from 2010. Highlights for the year included record annual average daily volume for our FX, commodity, energy, and metals product lines, as well as double-digit average daily volume growth in our interest rate, equity index, commodity and metals product lines.  Fourth quarter volume averaged 11.7 million contracts per day, down 2% from Q4 2010, but included 24% average daily volume growth in equity index products and 8% growth in energy contracts. During the year, we increased global market share relative to our top 3 competitors. On the short end of the interest rate curve, despite the continued 0 interest rate policy, our Eurodollar volumes increased by 9% while life's [ph] Euribor volumes were essentially flat. On the long end of the curve, our treasury product volumes grew by 13%, outpacing Eurex's interest rate volumes which grew at only 10%. Our Commodity product volumes were also quite strong during the year. After an extremely robust third quarter, we saw decreased volumes and open interest in November and December due to the Eurozone crisis, the failure of MF Global and normal seasonal patterns. Nevertheless, we have seen a strong rebound in open interest since the beginning of this year. You may recall that open interest peaked on September 14, at 103 million contracts, and net open interest declined by 14% from 91 million contracts to 78 million contracts between Q3 and Q4 of last year. However, open interest has now increased by 11% to 87 million contracts since the beginning of the year with growth in all 6 product areas. While macroeconomic conditions in 2011 were challenging, many believed that the U.S. economy is poised for a much better year in 2012. There are increasing signs that the 0 interest rate policy of the Federal Reserve is finally getting some traction. Most segments of the economy, including consumers, corporations and state and local governments appear to have completed their adjustments to the post 2008 reality of less leverage and more modest income expectations. Moreover, the economy is learning to live with greater policy and regulatory ambiguity. All of this suggests that the U.S. economy could realize better-than-expected real GDP growth in 2012 despite existing headwinds. While we cannot control macroeconomic influences, I would like to highlight that we made excellent progress in 2011 in executing all 3 components of our global growth strategy. First, we have continued to successfully drive increased core business growth from our non-U.S. customers and to increase volumes and revenues from Europe, Asia and Latin America. Second, we have significantly increased our exposure to non-transaction fee-based revenue streams. These include our successfully launched co-location services on January 30 and our Dow Jones Index services business which we plan to combine with the S&P Index services business. Third, we have made excellent progress in expanding CME ClearPort, launching CME Clearing Europe and continuing our substantial progress in clearing, interest rate and credit default swaps. Let me briefly discuss each area. In 2011, we reached record levels of non-U.S. electronic trading revenues estimated at more than $550 million. Additionally, 2011 volumes during non-U.S. hours, grew by 16% compared to 11% during U.S. trading hours. We are driving this growth through new global product offerings, increased sales staffing in Europe, Asia and Latin America, and by attracting new international clearing member firms. Looking forward, we expect continued higher growth in non-U.S. hours, volumes and revenues. We have completed the restructuring of our products and services division and now have all of our key leaders in place in each business line in our global sales function and in our Europe and Asia offices. Each of these new leaders is developing business plans in these regions to accelerate our growth and expand revenues from those regions. Within Asia, one of the many areas that we are currently focusing on, there are increasing signs that China is beginning to open up and we are working with 3 new intermediaries who will be able to accommodate the trading activity of other Chinese FCMs. In addition, we recently announced an agreement with Mysteel, China's leading provider of ferrous price and indexing services to develop risk management products for the ferrous metals industry based on their market-leading price data services. Turning to index services and co-location. Our Dow Jones index services business contributed $91 million of revenue in 2011 and grew at more than 20% year-over-year. Pending regulatory approvals, our new agreement with McGraw-Hill will give CME Group a 24% ownership interest in the combined business. This will further strengthen our position in index services and index products and allow us to continue to be innovative with product development and co-branding across asset classes. We are looking forward to completing this transaction as soon as reasonably practicable. We are also pleased to announce that we went live with our co-location services offering this past weekend, which will enable us to generate between $40 million and $45 million of new revenues in 2012. Initially, there will be more than 100 firms housed in the facility and more have expressed interest to join. Based on strong customer demand, we anticipate starting the next phase of our co-location facility in the second half of 2011, to expand capacity and to enable us to ultimately reach our goal of $100 million in annual revenues from this new business. Turning to OTC clearing. Our existing OTC clearing offerings have also gained significant traction. January ClearPort volume was up 27% since January 2011, with particularly strong growth in natural gas. In May 2011, we launched CME Clearing Europe and we have made steady progress. We now have more than 130 clients and brokers connected through CME ClearPort, with 13 more clearing firms in the pipeline. Through CME CE, we are clearing more than 170 different energy, commodity, metal and freight contracts, and we continue to expand the range of products that are eligible for clearing. January 2012, we experienced a significant increase in cleared volumes, clearing approximately 75% of the activity that was cleared for the entire year in 2011. We believe these volume and open interest trends are evidence of non-U.S. customer demand for clearing CME products in Europe. Next steps for CME CE in 2012 include additional metals contracts, the launch of the interest rate swaps and cross margining between CME Clearing Europe and CME Clearing U.S. Turning to cleared interest rate and credit default swaps. We continue to make very good progress. Since inception, we have now cleared more than 247 billion of interest rate and credit default swap transactions, 209 billion in interest rate swaps and 38 billion in credit default swaps. We now have more than 1,300 customer accounts with open positions and several thousand additional accounts actively testing with us. Our diverse client base includes asset managers, hedge funds, regional banks, government-sponsored enterprises, and insurance companies. In addition, in January of this year, we started to charge for OTC clearing and the fee schedule can be found on our website. The European crisis and overall market conditions have been a catalyst for customers to reduce counter-party credit risks through CME Clearing, well ahead of the implementation of the swaps clearing mandate. The firms who have been early adopters at CME Clearing are viewed by their clients as market leaders, and are using this as a selling point to their clients. The catalyst has shifted from government rule-making to internal firm mandates to reduce counter-party credit risk and make central counter-party clearing as efficient as possible. We are working closely with our clients to meet their expanding needs by broadening our product offering in OTC clearing. In Q4 last year, we successfully launched interest rate swaps in Eurodollars, British pounds, and Canadian dollars, and we are targeting a lot of interest rate swaps in Australian dollars, Swiss francs and Japanese yen in April of this year. At that point, we will be making 95% of the Plainville [ph] interest rate swap market clearable at CME. As an example of our success in introducing new products, we have cleared more than EUR 58 billion in euro denominated interest rate swaps since launching them on October 17. Finally, before wrapping up, I thought I would spend a few minutes on the Fed's recent announcement to extend its guidance and that the federal funds rate will remain at exceptionally low levels through 2014, as compared to the previous timeframe of mid-2013. The data provided by the Fed about diverging opinions and timing certainly will only heighten interest in economic data. When additional signs of an improving economy emerged, then the debate about the timing of the next Fed move should intensify. We expect that debate to eventually be a catalyst for significant hedging and trading activity as existing exposures will be adjusted along the entire yield curve. Fortunately, the market will hedge the risk of rising rates well before the Fed actually moves. If more optimistic, real GDP forecast proved correct, the FOMC will see a substantially improved economy by early 2013, and the debate over whether to accelerate the normalization of monetary policy could erupt in the second half of 2012. Rate volatility will follow economic data and relate to the FOMC debate, not the actual timing of the rate rise. Having greater transparency from the FOMC, including yearly federal funds rate projections, is not likely to significantly impact rate volatility over time. Indeed, if anything, the increased transparency may allow for a better tracking of the degree of dissension within the FOMC, and that could lead to heightened volatility around times in which the FOMC appears to be divided over critical policy issues. I would like to reiterate that we remain intently focused on what we can control, which positions CME Group to maximize the amount of free cash flow we can generate, no matter what is happening from a macro perspective. This was evident by the results of a very productive 2011, which I highlighted earlier. As Jamie will touch on, we remain disciplined on discretionary spending and we also intend to return excess capital to shareholders. We are determined to remain as efficient as we can to successfully guide CME Group through 2012 and beyond. Last, I'd like to discuss 2 additional announcements we have made this morning. The first is related to our dividend policy, which Jamie will cover in detail in just a moment, and the second is the $100 million Family Farmer and Rancher Protection fund that CME Group announced as one step to restore the confidence of market users following the collapse of MF Global, particularly those farmers and ranchers who hedged agricultural risks in CME Group market. In addition, we will continue to work with the rest of the industry, including the National Futures Association, the Futures Industry Association, our fellow exchanges, and SCMs, and customers to determine what additional safeguards will best serve the interest of all market users and strengthen protection of customer funds at the firm level. With that, thank you for joining us, and I will turn the call over to Jamie to discuss the financials.
James E. Parisi: Thank you, Craig, and good morning, everyone. In 2011, we generated approximately $3.3 billion of revenue, up approximately 9% versus the prior year, while our operating income was up 11%, and we saw a 1% increase in our operating margin to 62%. These results exclude the impacts of MF Global in 2011, the $20.5 million investment write-down related to CMA in Q2 of 2010, and the non-cash deferred tax impacts that impacted both years, some of which I'll touch on later in my remarks. Turning to the fourth quarter. At a high level, the notable items impacting our results included a slowdown in trading activity due to the factors that Craig mentioned earlier, a non-cash deferred tax adjustment, which had a positive impact on EPS of $7.97, and like many of our customers, we were negatively impacted by the MF Global situation. We realized a $30 million decrease in operating income related to MF Global, made up of a $3.2 million reduction in rental revenue and a $27 million increase in expenses related primarily to a write-down of MF receivable. These impacts are non-recurring in nature. Excluding the deferred tax benefit and the MF global impact, our EPS would have been $3.55. The rate per contract for the quarter was $0.811, similar to a year ago, but up 4% compared to the third quarter. The main drivers of the sequential increase in the overall rate were a greater proportion of higher priced commodity products during Q4, and to a smaller degree, the member, non-member, and venue you mixes were each slightly positive. It is worth noting that as of January 1, we have begun charging OTC clearing fees for interest rate swaps and credit default swaps. The overall blended rate for IRS, which is price based on tenure will eventually be approximately $5 for $6 per million of notional value cleared and $7 to $8 per million of CDS. Turning to Compensation and Benefits Expense, this line item was $116 million, down from last quarter and a year ago. We saw a decrease in our bonus, driven primarily by lower volumes and the negative impact of the additional MF Global expenses. Our stock-based compensation increased due to the timing of our annual grant which occurs in mid-September. While we increased headcount during the year, and as of December our global headcount stood at 2,737, it was basically flat relative to the prior quarter.  Lastly, the Compensation line is down approximately $4 million versus Q3, due primarily to an unfavorable variance in earnings on deferred compensation balances, which is offset dollar-for-dollar in the Investment Income line. Last quarter, we gave full year expense guidance of $1.23 billion to $1.235 billion with expected increases in stock-based compensation; marketing and professional fees; potentially higher deferred comp balances impacting compensation; and lastly, higher professional fees. Excluding the MF Global-related impacts, our total expenses for Q4 would have been $319 million and the full-year would have been within the range we provided. Additionally, included in the Q4 expense were approximately $5.3 million related to the joint venture with McGraw-Hill. Offsetting that expense was a decrease in our bonus and license fees based on lower volume in Q4. I'd like to now turn to expense guidance for the full year 2012. In 2010, our expense growth was approximately 12.5% following a significant cost reduction program we had instituted in 2009 during the credit crisis. Coming into 2011, based on many growth initiatives, we started the year with guidance of 9.4% and we ended at approximately 7% for the year, with a focus on continuing to invest in growth including areas like OTC and co-location, while also being as efficient as possible on the discretionary side. In our Analyst Day in October, we mentioned we intend to drive long-term expense growth below 5%. Today I'd like to give you a range of expenses based on volume assumptions to assist you in modeling the year. If ADV growth were to come in close to 10%, we would expect expense growth to be in the range of 4% to 5%, and if volume were up between 0% and 3%, we would expect expense growth of 2% to 3%. In 2012, we expect our non-compensation expenses to be basically flat compared to 2011, with the main wildcard being our license fees. Turning to compensation, in 2012, we expect headcount growth to decrease significantly from the average 10% growth we experienced over each of the last 2 years. With non-compensation expense basically flat and minimal growth in our headcount, the vast majority of the 2012 expense increase levels I just outlined will be due to the full-year impact of 170 employees we hired last year, normal cost-of-living increases for employees and the full-year impact of co-location expenses. This expense guidance is based on our current business heading into 2012 and excludes impacts from the expected sale of the CBOT building and the closing of a joint venture with McGraw-Hill, both of which we expect to complete during the first half of this year. The CBOT building in CMA are basically breakeven businesses, though their divestiture should increase our efficiency from an income statement and balance sheet perspective. Also looking ahead, we expect our effective tax rate in 2012 to be between 41% and 41.5%, going as low as 39.5% in 2013. Capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $39 million in the fourth quarter and $156 million for the year. For 2012, our CapEx expectations are in the $140 million to $150 million range. This includes current plans to begin preparation for Phase 2 of our co-location build out, which we expect to start during the second half of this year. We continue to see very strong interest and positive trends in terms of more firms utilizing our facility. We did not repurchase any shares of CME Group stock in Q4. For virtually the entire quarter, we had a self-imposed trading blackout due to Q3 and Q4 earnings, the MF Global situation, and the Dow and S&P transaction announced at the beginning of November. We have been fairly transparent that we intend to return cash to our shareholders, and in support of this, CME Group's Board of Directors has taken 2 steps this week. Yesterday they authorized an increase in our regular quarterly dividend to $2.23 per share, which is up 59% compared to the 2011 dividend. At the current stock price level, that would represent a dividend yield in excess of 3.6%.  We believe a strong and growing dividend will reward existing shareholders and will attract additional dividend-oriented shareholders to what we believe is an exceptional business model that is not capital-intensive and is highly cash generative. Our board also approved an additional annual variable dividend of $200 million or $3 per share this year, payable along with the first quarter's regular dividend of $2.23. Going forward, we expect this variable dividend will be considered in the first quarter of each year and will supplement the regular dividends. The amount of the annual variable dividend will be determined after the end of each year and the level will increase or decrease from year-to-year based on excess cash on hand and will be impacted by operating results, potential M&A activity and other forms of capital return, including regular dividends and share buybacks during the prior year. Both dividends, totaling $5.23 per share, will be payable on March 26, 2012, to shareholders of record as of March 9, 2012. In closing, I am confident in CME Group's future and I'm excited about the many growth opportunities we see ahead of us and what they mean in terms of long-term value creation for our shareholders. We will now take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Given the number of analysts on the call, please expect us to strictly enforce this rule this quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Jamie, pretty strong statement on capital return. I'm just curious how, in hindsight, how you all on the board weighed this dividend payout level versus a broader share repurchase program. I guess I'm just curious what the philosophy, with respect to share repurchase here, does it supplement the dividends or are you focusing more on dividends here?
James E. Parisi: I'd say that the focus for the immediate future is going to be more on dividends. I believe, personally, that our shares are fundamentally undervalued in the market. And by increasing the dividend and paying out an annual variable dividend, we're hoping to accomplish a few things. We want to signal to the market, in an expedient way, that we're very confident in our company's future. We want to highlight that we have an exceptional business model, as I said before, low capital investment required, sizable operating leverage and great growth opportunity that we see ahead of us. We also want to, as I mentioned, invigorate our existing shareholders and attract new ones who are focused on yield. Dividend stocks are receiving a lot of attention, especially in this low rate environment, and we think were uniquely positioned to deliver yield and growth in this environment. Also some shareholders will like the predictability of returns rather than the more sporadic buybacks. And if you look back over the last decade, equity appreciation has been relatively flat and yield has driven return, and that happened again in 2011. We want to continue to show that we're true to our word. We've said all along that we're going to return cash flow to our shareholders, and I believe that this combination of the regular dividend and the variable dividend puts in place a mechanism that ensures we'll continue to return excess capital in the future, and keep our balance sheet strong and efficient. That to me is the most important take away that you have today, that we're committed to returning capital to our shareholders.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: That makes sense. And then my follow-up just, maybe Craig or Terry, I was hoping for your thoughts on the recent EU decision by the commission regarding an NYSE Euronex and Deutsche Boerse combination. Do you see any implications of that ruling on the future of your business as either opportunity or risk?
Craig Steven Donohue: I don't think so, Howard. I mean, I think you've heard us say for a long time that we view this very much as a global market. I think the competitive dynamics in the industry are clear evidence of that. You've also, I think, seen us say for quite a long time, and I think it's becoming increasingly true, that the market is certainly integrated between the OTC segment of the market and the listed market, Dodd-Frank, the regulatory initiatives globally, as well as just general market dynamics are clearly causing convergence between the 2 markets. So that has been our view, it continues to be our view. That was certainly the view that we believe was adopted here in the U.S. as well. We've always respected the fact that both NYSE and Deutsche Boerse are formidable competitors for CME Group, both independent and certainly together and we expect that, that will continue to be the case.
Terrence A. Duffy: Howard, it's Terry. I think that there was, obviously, focus on the derivatives component over in Europe. But I think they underestimated the value that people placed on the nationalistic value of these equity exchanges throughout Europe and what that transaction could or could not do to them. And with that uncertainty, I think there was more of that, that came in to play that may be in the headlines. So I do think that was a big part of it and so I think our government has seen it differently, we're in different businesses here. So I don't think, to add to Craig's point, I don't think it affects us one bit.
Operator: Next we'll go to Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I guess the first question is on MF Global. And just trying to get an update, I know you ran through the $30 million through the income statement. But just trying to see, I guess, if anybody would have a feel for the impact of volume, you guys would, so the impact on volume and then with everything stands from your regards.
Craig Steven Donohue: I'll start. I think, immediately after the crisis hit at the end of October, there certainly was a temporary impact on volume as you saw accounts being transferred and going through all that process. I think that volume is coming back. You can see in January, we did fairly good volumes starting to ramp up from the slower holiday season and we'll see how it plays out here for the rest of the year, but I think there was a temporary blip and it's coming back.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. Anyway, so I'll move on to the second question and the follow-up. OTC clearing, you're beginning to charge and Dodd-Frank looks like the back half. I know there's still some rules to be formulated and finally approved. But when do you think the real acceleration will occur? Do you think it's a back half of 2012 event or you think it's a 2013 event? And do you have anything in your number, especially since your charging now for the OTC clearing?
Kimberly S. Taylor: I'm sorry, could you repeat the question?
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Dodd-Frank, most of the rules will be approved...
Kimberly S. Taylor: Acceleration? Okay.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: When do you feel the impact will be felt through the CME's income statement now that you're charging for OTC clearing?
Bryan T. Durkin: This is Bryan. We're already seeing tremendous buildup in traction with respect to our dealer-to-client relationships. We've signed on several hundred accounts across various client segments and we're very happy with the uptake that we're experiencing in that regard. We have numerous additional firms in the process right now, of connecting up to our offering. And as you can see from the expansion that we are putting through, with respect to the additional instruments and various currencies that is driven by the demand of the client base that is connecting into us. A working assumption is the upcoming mandatory clearing requirements, which we realize is a little bit off. However, we see the uptake that we're experiencing already, clients are driving that need. They want to make sure that they have the protections offered by our central counter-party clearing services.
Craig Steven Donohue: And I would just, from an income statement perspective, Rich, I wouldn't expect a very significant impact on the 2012 results from OTC. I think you'll start to see the traction building a little bit later on in the year -- or traction building now, but becoming a little bit more significant toward the end of the year and then growing after that.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: So I guess to understand your answer a little bit more, that the mandatory requirement, maybe that was better said than the way I put it, but the mandatory requirement for OTC clearing, you don't expect to have a big impact until 2013. But do you expect it to be a big impact then?
Craig Steven Donohue: I think it's difficult to project forward until we see what the final rule-making looks like. But I would say, in general, the mandatory requirement itself is certainly going to be much more of a driver in 2013 than 2012 given that it's not likely to be finalized until the fourth quarter of 2012. And from that, we'll have the judge it on the basis of what the final rules will look like.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I actually wanted to come back to 2 of the questions already asked, but maybe ask with a little more detail. So first of all, for you Jamie, on the repurchases versus dividend. Obviously, appreciate your comment that you're focusing on the dividend but can you be a little bit more specific? Obviously you have a share buyback program out there you've bought back a little bit already, there's an implied pace, I guess, given what's outstanding. But can you maybe talk about how should we think about the remainder of the year in terms of the pace of the buybacks?
James E. Parisi: Sure. I would say, for modeling purposes, for now if I were you I would remove the share buyback from your models for 2012.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, that's pretty exact. And then just on Rich's questions on the MF Global volume impact. When we talk to some folks on the floor and other participants it sounds like, these are rough estimates, but that there's still maybe a volume overhang, maybe like 10%, maybe even 15% because some of the very important liquidity providers are still missing. So maybe, first of all, does these numbers seems in the ballpark? I know it's hard to estimate, but then secondly, what do you still think needs to happen for some of these important people to come back and maybe what's the timeline until we can actually say we're back in a normal environment?
Craig Steven Donohue: Alex, it's Craig. I would encourage you to be somewhat skeptical or very skeptical of those types of estimations. First of all, I think it's very difficult to know what the lingering effect of MF Global is on volumes given all of the other kind of dynamics that are going on macro-economically and otherwise. But what we've been focused on is making it possible for our customers to continue doing their business. And I think if you look at what we've done in terms of the account transfers, the fact that the trustee has returned $0.72 on the dollar, whereas you still have a lot of customers who are trading on foreign exchanges that haven't received any recovery at all yet. Most of our customers we believe are back in business and back to doing what they do and certainly being patient as we go through this unfortunately long bankruptcy process. But I would say, I think, it's more likely that only a very kind of small subset of customers is likely "out of the market." I think, in terms of your comment about liquidity providers, the vast majority of professional traders and liquidity providers are absolutely back to work.
Terrence A. Duffy: I don't think they ever left.
Operator: Next we'll go to Michael Carrier with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just one follow-up on the MF issue and more from an outlook versus the current environment. So you guys have mentioned some of the things that you're initiating, given the situation and just the changes that we could see in the industry. I think there's some maybe concern or uncertainty on how much the FCM model changes in the future and if the cost for FCM's go up if that's passed on to the traders in the market and if that can have a negative impact on volumes. Obviously, we got a long ways to go in order to even know what's going to be changing. But when you think about the options that are out there and how the FCM's working, your relationship with them and their relationships with the customers. Is there concern for that or do you think, with the FCMs and given what you think could occur, the traders will likely be less impacted by these potential changes.
Craig Steven Donohue: I think that's a great question and one that probably doesn't yet have a great answer. There's a broad range of things that, not only we, but certainly the CFTC and other segments of the industry like the NFA and the FIA will be considering. At the broadest level, certainly, everybody is focused on how we can further strengthen customer protection mechanisms and enhance customer confidence in the customer protection mechanisms that already exist. I think you heard Terry say a number of times, I think very correctly, that the industry actually has an excellent track record of customer protection. That's certainly a very significant and unfortunate result. But I think the vast majority of people's attentions is going to be looking at incremental fixes that really enhance the existing structure. Those are the things that are likely to include enhanced disclosure requirements regarding the firm's investment of customer funds, perhaps some restrictions on what firms may do with customer funds. I'm not sure those will be game-changers rather than sort of incremental enhancements that better protect customers. Certainly, probably some focus on enhanced reporting procedures, maybe issues like certification by the CEO and the CFOs of the firm. It'll be a range of things like that. Some of the larger potential things that could be considered would be custodial arrangements for customer funds held at the firm level. Those probably have more significant implications for the FCM's in terms of their business model. But that's a discussion that we'll be having with the industry and I think it's just too soon to project what the impact might be on the economics of the firm. But let me ask Kim since she's joined us this morning, and she's really the point person for us on these issues, to comment.
Kimberly S. Taylor: I think that there are changes afoot in the business model for FCM. We're very cognizant in everything that we do in terms of our clearing policies to try and promote clearing member diversity so that there is an array of business models or an array of different providers available. And that helps impact the cost to customers and keep them lower, as low as they can be with competition. The exit of MF Global as a provider does potentially have an impact on the choices available to customers in the short run. But in addition to the issues that Craig was talking about, about the regulatory environment changes, another change that we see coming that will affect customer access to the marketplace is actually the entry of global clearing members into our markets. So we have new entrants coming in and actually new entrants coming in from other -- right now from the Asia-Pacific region who are very well-versed in servicing the broad type of customer base that MF Global serviced. So I think in the medium-term, there will be plenty of choice for these type of customers.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's helpful. And then Jamie, just maybe on the follow-up, there are a couple of moving items in the quarter both on the revenue and expense side. So I just want to understand, in terms of the MF impact, I'm assuming that the $3 million on the revenues was in the other bucket and anything else that moved that line item around. And then just on the expenses, did you say the MF impact was in Comp or Other? And then even if I strip out -- if it was in Other, it seems like the Other Expense line was still fairly elevated. So I just wanted to find out if there was anything else in that line.
James E. Parisi: Sure. The MF was definitely concentrated in the Other line. There's about $27 million of additional expense in other expense marketing and other expenses tied to MF. The fourth quarter for us is typically a higher expense quarter for marketing and other expenses as we engage in our global leadership conference and some other marketing events that drive some of that cost and it tends to be a heavier quarter for us as well, in terms of advertising, so those things also drove the Other Expense up in the fourth quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Jillian Miller with BMO Capital Markets.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So the $100 million guarantee fund for the farmers, the families of farmers that aren't made whole from the MF kind of debacle. It seems like a little bit of a shift from the approach you guys have been taking in the past which, I believe, was just to make guarantees related to technical issues related to like wiring of the money and processing of the returns. So I just wanted to get kind of a clear idea of your thinking with respect to what obligations you might have, not even on a legal basis but just more on an, I don't know, like ethical or business basis. What obligations you think you might have, to customers of MF, to compensate them if the money isn't returned.
Terrence A. Duffy: Well, Jillian, it's Terry Duffy. One of the things that we got forwarded this proposal, and I felt very strongly about it, was this is a constituency that basically started these businesses way back when. And the world relies on these particular producers of products, especially of food to feed the world. It's one of the great exports of the United States throughout the world. They do need to rely on our markets. They do play it fairly tight to the vest as you can imagine. These are not speculator-type participants. These are clearly bona fide hedgers of food in the ground or cattle on feed or pigs on feed. And we felt it was critically important to give them an additional comfort zone to go up to this new fund. Again, this is not something that would be retroactive for MF Global clients. This is a go-forward type proposal and the reason that it's going to be, obviously, an insurable type proposal. And I just think it's paramount to give credibility back to the industry and show that the CME Group can do -- there are certain things we can do on our own, there are certain things we can do as an industry. We felt this was a first step that we could do on our own and it very important that we do so. The bigger steps to come, that address the other $158 billion for customer-segregated funds, have to come as an industry solution, not just a CME-driven solution. But this one in particular I felt strong about, as did others, to get this through because it will give us the comfort of the farmers to be able to go back forward and do the risk management they need to do. They cannot get loans at banks unless they use our markets. And we need to get those bankers comfort and we need to get the cooperative's comfort and we need to get the farmers comfort. And I do believe this does all that for them. Yes, and Kim...
Kimberly S. Taylor: I would just add, you mentioned this kind of as a departure for us or a different way of looking at things for us to have an ability to protect end customers. And I just want to remind you that we long had a trust fund that was designed to protect the end customers in case of losses due to the defaults of a clearing member. We actually put that trust fund to work in this case and it will protect the customers of MF Global. The Family Farmer and Rancher Protection Fund is -- the way I look at it, it is a more specifically targeted version of a dissimilar concept of funds to protect our customers in the future should they incur losses due to the demise of their clearing member.
Terrence A. Duffy: And that, to Kim's point, the $50 million that she's referring to will already be -- it's already dedicated towards the MF Global situation. This is on a go-forward basis, not on a retroactive basis.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay got it. And then just moving onto the CME Clearing Europe, the volumes really started taking off in January. And I was just wondering if we could get a little more color on what's driving that. I'm not sure if there was a new product launch or some new functionality introduced or if it's just kind of getting to a critical tipping point in terms of the number of customers that are signed on.
Bryan T. Durkin: It's Brian. We're deeply excited about the uptake that we've experienced in the last few months, and it's really been more driven in the energy sector, as well as we see a strong interest building on our metals and ag side of the component. We've listed well over 100 products in the energy component in and of itself. These are highly structured instruments that the user community is finding most locally relevant and are very happy with the services that can tailor -- and her team is providing through CME CE in that regard. You can expect to see a greater emphasis in the buildup of that product sector. And I would say, predominantly in the energy, ags and metals quadrant. We will also be looking very aggressively towards the interest rate swap side of it as well, as we're seeing a good demand coming from our client base in that region as well.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And just real quick, what was the timing on the interest rate swap launch in Europe?
Kimberly S. Taylor: Second half of this year.
Operator: Next we hear from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess first, Jamie, on the expenses, if you could first give us a starting point for 2011. I assume you're excluding the MF charges. I just want to make sure that's the case. Then also, maybe some numbers around some of the things that you are excluding, like the CBOT building as well as the McGraw-Hill, like what that potentially could mean in terms of expense removal.
James E. Parisi: Sure. You're right, the base that we're looking at for 2011 would be excluding the MF Global expenses. That puts us at around $1.233 billion in expenses as a base, working off of there -- a percentage of that, I gave you earlier. In terms of the CBOT building and the Dow Jones impact on expenses, if you assume it's for half the year, and that's an assumption right now, we're assuming they close by the end of the first half. It's probably somewhere in the neighborhood of $30 million net. In terms of expense reduction related to those, there is obviously revenue associated with those as well. And the building is basically breakeven. So that's the general impact.
Daniel Thomas Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then a lot of topics in the news around the MF issue and one of the things that have been talked about is the potential removal of your SRO status and just kind of wanted to get your guys' thoughts on what that would mean for you from a go-forward basis.
Craig Steven Donohue: Well, I would caution you on that one. I mean, I think you heard a very few number of people actually raise that question. I think, as we've said before, firstly, we're very confident that we do an excellent job in terms of our statutory, self-regulatory responsibilities. That's a model that's been in place for many, many decades. We invest a tremendous amount of resources in market regulation. And we think that we're very effective. I think if you looked at our track record, you would find that we have been. I think, when it comes to clearing term oversight, it's important to remember that we are ultimately the guarantor of all obligations at the clearing house and so we have, I think, the most compelling interest in making sure that our clearing member firms have the financial and capital resources to meet their obligations for the clearing house, as well as the proper mechanisms. So that'll be a topic that'll be discussed, but I think we're very confident that, that change won't likely occur.
Operator: And next we'll go to Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital.
Roger A. Freeman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: On the dividend news, when I look at the free cash flow generation this year, it's probably -- it's mostly probably north of $1 billion. I think these dividends combined are about $800 million or so. You have $1 billion in cash. So there's still a pretty big delta versus the $700 billion, I think, sort of negative or minimum cash you want to keep on hand. So I'm just trying to think about other capital deployment reserves that you're looking to keep on hand given especially there's no buybacks and the outlook as well.
James E. Parisi: Sure. We like to keep a little extra on hand for little partnership deals, and whatnot, we might do throughout the year. But the real thing to keep in mind here is that we're looking at this as an annual process. We're going to look at this again at the beginning of next year and see where we are in terms of that excess cash balance. And this is a new area for us as well and we're working through it and you'll see next year we'll look back and say, okay, we've got excess cash as of the end of 2012. And look to return it, potentially, a good portion of that in a fifth dividend in 2013. So it's going to be an ongoing process. And longer-term, we're not -- I said earlier, don't include any buybacks in your model for 2012. That doesn't mean that we're abandoning them forever, but I'd say keeping them out of 2012 in your models is the right way to go.
Roger A. Freeman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And the second question would be around OTC clearing. You, in your discussions with dealers, high-level, we've heard given the new capital rules especially around Basel 2.5 and 3 that there's maybe a bias for dealers to want to concentrate clearing for any given product in one clearing house because of capital inefficiencies of having collateral on hand at 2 different clearing houses. I'm wondering if that -- you're hearing that, obviously, from a rate standpoint, that's great for you, for CDS it may not be.
Kimberly S. Taylor: I think there is a heightened focus in the industry on the capital impacts of the OTC clearing. I think we are very well-positioned to be a good choice in terms of providing capital efficiencies for the clearing members in servicing the OTC business. You mentioned the interest rate swaps versus our interest rate futures market, that the interest rate futures markets are the primary hedged, actually, for the dealer community in hedging their interest rate swap exposure. We're very well-positioned to provide a capital efficiency there. We also are taking a very global approach to the way that we provide the services Brian mentioned, that we're focused on putting interest rate swaps in the U.K. clearing house as well. And we're focused on having capital efficiency opportunity for clearing members between those 2 clearing houses. But a lot of what the clearing members do is, through a service agency business and the requests of their clients to clear in one clearing house or another, or in one jurisdiction or another. We're poised to provide maximum capital efficiencies for them in that regard.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: To follow-up, I think, on Richard's question for Terry or Craig. In terms of the regulatory response to MF, how realistic is it to change account segregation rules and maybe segregate at the individual account level? We've heard it, I don't if it's realistic. If it is realistic, what would be the cost for CME in terms of implementation? Is that something that's cheap and easy to do or is that something that's complex and expensive to do?
Craig Steven Donohue: Let's ask Kim to respond to that. I think she's best equipped to do that.
Kimberly S. Taylor: I think, definitely, the customer segregation rules are something that is under review. If you look at what has happened with the over-the-counter swaps, you'll see that there's been a move by the CFTC to put what everybody calls LSOC, legal segregation but operational co-mingling in place for swaps. Theres discussion about moving that type of a regime or further changes in the customer protection regime in futures. Now to answer your other question though, if you went to full individual segregation with every client having its own individually segregated account, what the costs of that would be. The cost of that can be real. I can't give you a number. But the cost of that could be significant enough that many customers probably would not find it beneficial to pay the additional costs to get the additional protection. It would be almost an insurance decision, of sorts, for clients. So we had advocated, actually, for the interest rate swaps for the OTC environment, an optional model to allow clients to choose fully, individually-segregated accounts. And that way, if we make it optional, you make it a business decision of the client whether they want to bear the additional costs. As far as the additional costs to CME, I think our feeling is that most of the additional costs of a program like that would be passed through in some way to the people who elected to use such type of a program.
Phupinder S. Gill: This is Gilly. If I can just add to what Kim said. I think at the start of the question you are talking about -- this is a response to MF Global. Just so you note, this LSOC would not have prevented the event that occurred at MF Global, that was fraud and anybody can commit fraud.
Kimberly S. Taylor: And actually LSOC would not prevent the events that it is purporting to prevent in the future either. We're not big proponents of that as a really viable model. But Gilly's absolutely right. It would not have prevented MF Global.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then like a fake question for Jamie. In the tax accrual for 2012, with the state tax rates kind of changing in the second half of '12. How do you accrue? Do you accrue higher in the first half and kind of lower in the second half or just kind of normalized from the beginning of the year?
James E. Parisi: It's actually a good question. It gets normalized throughout the year and spread over the year. You don't take it into account later in the year.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Ed Ditmire with Macquarie.
Edward Ditmire - Macquarie Research: I want to go back to the question over the SRO being part of CME. Aside from the question on whether or not you believe that's an appropriate model, can we talk, theoretically, if a decision was made? Just put off the SRO like it was NYSE where it's regulatory unit became part of FINRA? And maybe just talk about if the same enforcement type of personnel worked at a different organization, instead of CME, and enforce the same rules. Do you think there would be any material impact on your business?
Craig Steven Donohue: I think, what I would really say there is that, I tried to say that before, is we would clearly continue as the guarantor of all obligations between and among clearing members and their customers at the clearing house. To insist upon direct access to our clearing firm's financial and capital and risk management operations, so that we could actually be sure that they can meet their obligations to us so that we in turn can meet our obligations to everybody else. So it would, unfortunately, only result in redundancy and duplication of cost and probably additional complexity in properly overseeing the firm. So I don't think I can give you a better answer than that. We just don't view that as a realistic outcome in any of this. So the reality is that it would result in additional duplication of effort.
Edward Ditmire - Macquarie Research: Okay. And one follow-up question for Jamie. You talked about the tax rate going as low as 39.5% in 2013. Would that be the fully implemented tax benefit of the recent change or could there be additional benefit in years beyond 2013?
James E. Parisi: That's the fully implemented benefit of the new apportionment rules for Illinois.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Rutschow with CLSA.
Rob Rutschow - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: First question would be on activity in the non-U.S. segment. I guess, can you tell us what the quarter-to-quarter change was in terms of volume and open interest for your non-U.S. customers? In particular, if you have any view on what the European banks were doing quarter-to-quarter?
Bryan T. Durkin: This is Bryan speaking. We definitely see continued growth in the non-U.S. hours from our non-U.S. client segments. We're very pleased with the increase that we're seeing, particularly out of Europe and within Asia. And that's going to be a continued area of emphasis in terms of our growth going forward. With respect to the banks in particular, while towards the middle to the end of the fourth quarter, we saw some pullback I would say, from the European banks based upon the uncertainty of what was happening over there. We are definitely seeing, from the activities through January, a positive uptake in that regard from that segment.
Rob Rutschow - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. Second follow-up question would be on co-lo. I realize it's only a couple of days old. But do you see any change in customer behavior? And was there any sort of change in customer behavior as these clients were transitioning from an external third-party provider to you?
Bryan T. Durkin: With respect to the co-lo activity, very pleased with the seamless transition of the business. There was absolutely no disruption whatsoever in terms of the connection of all of our client base. Current feedback that we've been receiving has been extremely positive.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Matthew Heinz with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Matthew S. Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just one more follow-up on the MF situation. I think, obviously this will be a different discussion if you weren't a public company. But in the future, given the lessons you learned as an organization in the past few months in acting with the dual mandate of an SRO and also as a steward of shareholders, how can you better align the interests of your customers and your shareholders? Should we see this type of scenario in the future?
Craig Steven Donohue: I'm not sure I understand your question. But I think those interests are actually very well aligned. If we serve our customers well, then obviously that results in positive outcomes from a business perspective. And that helps us reward shareholders. So, I mean, if you want to be more specific, I'm happy to try to answer that better than I just did, but...
Matthew S. Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, I think what I was aiming at is it seemed like there was some uncertainty and consternation on your behalf over how much assistance you should provide to customers. And there was obviously some pushback from the community in terms of how much CME should or could be responsible for.
Craig Steven Donohue: I think what you've seen from us, and I think that's the most important thing, is you've seen us work very hard to make this very difficult situation, that MF Global created for its customers, less onerous for those customers. And our focus was on, obviously, transferring accounts, releasing collateral, helping customers get repositioned at other clearing member firms. I think that you've seen us issue the guarantees which are really, we think, extremely low risk but were intended to accelerate the return of capital to shareholders. And I think, even with what you've seen from us today in terms of the Family Farmer Protection fund, it's a prospective going forward way to protect customers and enhance customers. So we've done everything within our ability and we will continue to do everything within our ability to really assist our customers in that way. But this was not a failure by CME Group or CME Clearing. This is a failure by MF Global and its management to protect the customer funds that were held at the firm, not at the clearing house level.
Terrence A. Duffy: This is Terry Duffy. Let me just echo Craig's comments. But also we were drilled fairly hard in Washington over 9 days of 3 congressional hearings. And anybody who followed that will see that CME was the only one that gave a very detailed outline of what we did, minute by minute, to show that our SRO worked flawlessly. And there was, as others would say, fraud committed in this act and you cannot prevent against fraud. We did the right things and we had the answers for the Congress, where others we're seeing they don't know what happened to the money. So to us, we did do our SRO responsibilities and, at the same time, we protected the interest of our shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Casteleyn with Susquehanna.
Jonathan E. Casteleyn - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: It sounds like the CFTC has formed a subcommittee to review high-frequency trading in commodity futures. I know you can't speak for the regulators but just wondering, at this stage, do you have any idea what they're going to be looking at?
Bryan T. Durkin: This is Bryan. I have the pleasure of serving on the technology advisory committee for the CFTC. And one of the issues that they are looking for is to get greater clarity and definition around what actually is high-frequency trading. It's been an issue of debate, obviously, out there for some time. And so Commissioner O'Malia has taken up the concept of developing a subcommittee to really try to refine what is the definition of high-frequency trading and what are the activities associated with that and should there be any best practice or additional regulatory requirements imposed on that segment of user once they actually come up with a definition, is my understanding.
Jonathan E. Casteleyn - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: So this stage more of a discovery process versus forthcoming regulation or anything of that nature?
Bryan T. Durkin: Based on what we know, that's what it appears.
Operator: Next we'll go to Niamh Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Can I talk about SEFI? Specifically can you help me clarify if I'm thinking about this correctly for CME. You are already a SIDCO, Systemically Important Designated Clearing Organization, and you operate within certain kind of rules and requirements and limitations of the capital on that. And therefore should I not consider CME maybe as part of the conversation on those capital requirements and rules that might apply to bank-type organizations in a SEFI situation?
Kimberly S. Taylor: I certainly would be surprised if CME did not fit the definition of a systemically important clearing house under the new federal regulations. As far as banks' capital requirements pertaining to clearing houses, I think there will be different capital regime that will apply to clearing houses. I would not suggest that you look at a bank capital regime and try to apply that to a clearing house, if that was the question.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Have you had those discussions yet? Have you been part of, I believe there was a questionnaire submitted to some utility clearing houses for consideration or SIDCO. Is that where you are in the process right now?
Kimberly S. Taylor: We are participating in the review process, the government's review process of establishing the requirements here. We're also very active in participating with Basel as they try to adapt the capital requirements for banks under this new regime.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So we'll have to watch this space for maybe some specific metrics that we can monitor.
Kimberly S. Taylor: Yes.
Operator: Next we'll go to Brian Bedell with ISI Group.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just a question. There's been a few stories on some of the implications from Dodd-Frank in terms of taxation, specifically section 1256 of the U.S. Tax Code that, at least in the stories said, could end up applying to different taxation for a futures product, the 60-40 long-term, short-term gain treatment. And one of your directors have researched, perhaps just quoted on that. Could you comment on your view on that, whether you think there'll be any impact on futures products?
Craig Steven Donohue: Yes. I'm happy to do that. I mean, obviously, first of all, 60-40 tax treatment for exchange traded futures has been in place for many decades. And the Dodd-Frank Act really codified what was largely true anyway, which is that swaps are really not eligible for 60-40 tax treatment. The vast majority of people who use swaps don't qualify for that treatment. So I don't think that represented, in fact, very much of a change in the landscape from what existed prior to Dodd-Frank. There is not any kind of serious proposal out there to change that as it relates to exchange-traded futures contracts. And I think if you looked at the history of 60-40, it was really adopted very specifically by the Congress to ameliorate the harsh result of the mark-to-market rules. And it was viewed as an appropriate decision by Congress at that time and I would imagine they would take the same view today.
Terrence A. Duffy: And just to elaborate on what Craig just said. 60-40 treatment, that is received now by a pre-listed products in the bill that Senator Levin has in place, he's trying to have put into the tax discussions that are going on right now. That bill would only impact small individual traders and hurt small entrepreneurs because large corporations do not receive 1256 treatment today. So we have said all along, in Washington, that you would be only hurting the small liquidity provider in taking them out of business and making the big banks larger and stronger into the marketplace, which is not what they're trying to do. So I think it's a bit of a perverse rule that they're trying to capture. It's $2.5 billion score over 10 years and that is a big assumption that the volumes would stay the same or the participants would stay the same. So our point is not only would you not get $2.5 billion, you'd probably lose other revenues from these small participants.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Right. So at the end of the day okay you think that will be sort of defeated and the current tax treatment will largely stay in place for futures?
Terrence A. Duffy: I believe that the listed futures products in the 6040 will continue to prevail to get that treatment going forward. I don't think there's enough support for anybody to take it away from an individual business owner.
Operator: And in the consideration of time, I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Peschier for any additional or closing comments.
Craig Steven Donohue: It's Craig Donohue. I just want to thank everybody for joining us this quarter and we certainly look forward to our next earnings call.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig Steven Donohue - Chief Executive Officer and Member of Strategic Steering Committee Bryan T. Durkin - Chief Operating officer and Managing Director of Products & Services John C. Peschier - Managing Director of Investor Relations James E. Parisi - Chief Financial Officer and Managing Director of Finance & Corporate Development
Analysts: Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jonathan E. Casteleyn - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Daniel F. Harris - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Rob Rutschow - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Matthew S. Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Roger A. Freeman - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CME Group Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John C. Peschier: Thank you, and thank you, all, for joining us this morning. Craig Donohue and Jamie Parisi will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the third quarter, and then we will open up the call for your questions. Terry Duffy and Bryan Durkin are on the call as well. Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and the accompanying slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. For detailed information about factors that may affect our performance, they'd be found in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which are available on the Investor Relations portion of our website.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Craig.
Craig Steven Donohue: Thank you John, and thank you for joining us this morning. I will discuss our record performance in the third quarter and provide updates on a few of our strategic initiatives before turning things over to Jamie to review the financials.  During the third quarter, we delivered record top line results with revenue up $874 million, driven primarily by strong trading volume. Average daily volume was 14.7 million contracts, up 27% compared to the prior year. In addition, we delivered another highly profitable quarter with earnings per share of $4.74, our highest quarter ever, excluding quarters with extraordinary items.  Heightened expense focus contributed to our success and is reflected in today's results, along with our commitment to maintain expense growth below 5% in 2012 and into the future. Interest rate volume was strong in the third quarter, up 30% compared with third quarter 2010. This includes growth of 40% in Eurodollars and growth of 21% in treasuries.  Interest rate traders have moved more of their trading activity out the curve to the 3- to 5-year area, as the front end has been less active since the 0 interest rate policy began nearly 3 years ago. In addition, we have record quarterly metals volume, up 77%, along with record quarterly equity index volume, up 44%. Overall, commodities volume remained impressive of during the third quarter. Turning to other company initiatives. We continue to position ourselves for future growth through technology and product innovation. Examples include the initial rollout of the derivatives component of our multi-asset class platform through our partner in Brazil; our recent speed enhancements in our interest rate match engines, which reduced average response times by 50% to 75%; and the expected launch of our co-location services early next year. These serve as great catalyst to meet the growing demand from our customers. We went through several examples of product and technology innovations at our Analyst Day earlier this month, so let me update you on a few other areas. We have begun to gain momentum in OTC clearing, as we have achieved record levels for clearing OTC interest rate swaps and credit default swaps, including a daily record set on October 18 for interest rate swaps of $8 billion in U.S. customer volume cleared. To date, since launching our OTC clearing services, we have cleared over $83 billion in OTC customer volume, including $72.7 billion in interest rate swaps and $10.6 billion in credit default swaps, making us the leading OTC clearing services provider by U.S. customer volume.  While some clients remain in testing mode, others have moved to production mode and other potential users of either our OTC offerings or exchange-traded offerings have taken notice. Recently, we began clearing euro-denominated interest rate swaps. The new euro-denominated clearing offering expands our existing U.S.-dollar-denominated interest rate swap clearing service, providing OTC risk management opportunities or interest rate maturities in both currencies extending out to 50 years. We will continue to further expand our IRS clearing service by year end, with the addition of the British pound, Japanese yen, Swiss franc and Canadian dollar. According to data from the Bank for International Settlements, these 6 currencies account for 94% of the plain vanilla interest rate swap market. Looking ahead, we are pleased to have 15 clearing members, with approximately 500 customer accounts actively clearing trades ahead of the Dodd-Frank clearing mandate, along with an additional 2,500 customer accounts in the pipeline. Next, I will briefly touch on the regulatory front. In general, we are pleased to have the position limits rule-making process behind us. While we still have concerns about certain provisions of the rules and the cost of industry compliance, as well as the risk that market participants will seek less burdensome alternatives and shift price discovery offshore, we do believe the CFTC made significant improvements in the final rule based on industry comment.  In particular, we publicly commended the commission on staff of the CFTC for recognizing the need to establish equivalent position limits in the important spot month for physically-settled futures and cash-settled futures and swaps, which are based on the daily and final settlement prices of the primary physically-delivered price discovery contracts.  With the lone exception of natural gas, the CFTC's interim final rule will appropriately limit the risk of inter-market manipulation. We believe the risks mentioned earlier can be alleviated by updating deliverable supply calculations and appropriately revising spot month position limits in affected commodies. Some of which, for example, NYMEX WTI and Henry Hub futures are approximately 5 and 15 years old, respectively. We are working with commercial market participants and the CFTC staff to appropriately revise existing limits to better reflect current market conditions.  Going forward, we believe our success will continue to be driven by our ability to foster innovation, improve our technology footprint, manage risk in our clearing hub and ultimately, to manage and to maximize free cash flow. As we navigate through this period of uncertainty, we remain steadfast in our approach and have a long history of success that we can build off of to allow us to maintain our position as the leading derivatives exchange. In addition to the strong recent performance of our core business, we are gaining momentum on the OTC clearing front and making progress in terms of clarity related to Dodd-Frank.  In closing, I'd like to briefly touch on where things stand with MF Global. Yesterday morning, CME's emergency financial committee took emergency action under CME Rule 975 to limit all trading for customers of MF Global to liquidation only. MF Global has also been subjected to a bankruptcy petition by a SIPA trustee. Consequently, CME Group will no longer recognize MF Global or any of its divisions as a guarantor for purposes of floor trading privileges. Additionally, floor brokers and traders guaranteed by MF Global or its division may not access the trading floors. We also agreed to facilitate the transfer of open positions of the last settlement price at the request of customers and the re-margining of such positions at the transferee firm.  Throughout the day yesterday, our team worked closely with the firm, public customers and exchange members to assist customers in establishing new accounts and dealing with open positions and market exposures. We recognize that yesterday was a very difficult day for all concerned. As is nearly always the case in matters like this, this is a very fluid situation involving complex legal, regulatory and bankruptcy-related issues.  Yesterday, MF Global Holdings Ltd., the parent company of our clearing member firm and our clearing member firm, MF Global Finance USA Inc., each filed bankruptcy. Additionally, CME has determined that MF Global is not in compliance with CFTC and CME customer segregation requirements. While we are unable to determine the precise scope of the firm's violation at this time, we are investigating the circumstances of the firm's failure. We are working with the CFTC, and we'll be contacting the trustee to facilitate the transfer of customer position and a portion of the supporting collateral. We continue to work with MF Global customers and members. All other CME clearing member firms also remain in good standing.  Given the ongoing regulatory and bankruptcy issues involved, we will refrain from making any additional comments or answering questions on this matter. I would ask that you please respect that during the Q&A session at the end of our call.  And at this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Jamie, who will touch on our third quarter financial highlights.
James E. Parisi: Thank you, Craig, and good morning, everyone. We posted record revenue of $874 million during the third quarter, up 19% versus last year, while effectively controlling expenses, which were up 4% versus last year and down $2 million sequentially.  Third quarter average daily volume was 14.7 million contracts, up 27% compared to the third quarter of last year. This significant revenue generation, coupled with effective expense management, drove a 29% increase in operating income to $572 million. Operating margin of 65.4% was the second highest quarterly margin ever and the highest on a GAAP basis, and was 5 percentage points higher than Q3 last year. The third quarter average rate per contract was $0.779, down 4% from third quarter 2010. The rate per contract was also lower on a sequential basis due primarily to a 3% product mix shift towards financial products, which have lower RPCs than commodity-related products. In addition, we saw a negative sequential impact of higher volume discount, as Q3 volume increased 9% from Q2.  Market data and information services revenue increased over 5% compared to the third quarter 2010. This was driven by the Dow Index business and to a $1.9 million vendor audit assessment during the quarter. As a reminder, we previously announced that we have increased pricing for our market data by nearly 15% beginning in January, which result in approximately $25 million of additional revenue in 2012. Turning to compensation and benefits expense. This line item was $120 million, up over $2 million on a sequential basis. We saw an increase in our incentive bonus based on strong results during the quarter. We also increased staffing during the quarter, and as of September 30, our total global headcount stands at 2,735.  Additionally, based on the equity market dropping more than 10% during the third quarter, we saw a fairly significant reduction in our deferred comp balances of $4.6 million, which reduced compensation expense. There is no bottom line earnings impact to this, however, as there's a corresponding $4.6 million reduction in investment income. Non-compensation expense of $182 million in Q3 was up slightly from a year ago but down $4 million from Q2, mainly due to reduced marketing expense. Our team is very focused on expense discipline, while we also continue to invest in future revenue-generating opportunities.  In terms of our full year guidance for 2011, we expect 2011 operating expense to total between $1.23 billion and $1.235 billion. Without the deferred compensation impact I mentioned, our operating expense in Q3 would've been $4.6 million higher.  In terms of the higher Q4 expense, our guidance implies marketing-related expense is likely to be $5 million higher due to 2 significant customer-oriented marketing event in Q4. Also, we will see the full quarter impact of recent hires in our mid-September stock grant.  Lastly, we expect higher professional fees based on OTC initiatives and ongoing regulatory work. Of course, deferred compensation continued to be a wildcard but is offset by interest income. Certainly, the equity market has appreciated nicely since the beginning of the fourth quarter, which could result in higher comp expense in Q4. Our Q3 effective tax rate was 42.3%. And for the fourth quarter, we continue to estimate our effective tax rate will be approximately 42.5%. In addition, as many of you know, we have been working closely with the State of Illinois, as well as other states related to our significant state tax burden. While we are hopeful we will be successful in reducing our state taxes, we will not be providing any guidance on our expectations until we make a decision about our course of action.  Capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances totaled $34 million in the third quarter, driven primarily by $12 million of data center buildout and equipment and spending related to our new London office space. This brings us to $117 million of CapEx for the first 9 months of the year. We continue to expect total capital expenditures to be $165 million for 2011. During the quarter, we repurchased 590,000 shares at an average price of $263 a share, and we have purchased over 800,000 shares since we received our board authorization in May of this year.  In summary, as you can see from our results, we continue to generate significant revenue and remain focused on expense discipline, while investing in growth avenues and returning capital to our shareholders.  We will now take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Given the number of analysts on the call, please expect us to strictly enforce this rule this quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Roger Freeman, Barclays Capital.
Roger A. Freeman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess, first question. Just in terms of the open interest in the rate complex -- still seems to be somewhat lower than we would've expected by now, given the seasonal weakness in September. Just curious, your updated thoughts around what's going on there.
Bryan T. Durkin: This is Bryan Durkin speaking. And while you're correct that there -- that you may not have seen quite the uptake that you might have been expecting, we are tracking very consistent with historical performance over the past few years. If you look quarter by quarter and on prior-month performance, a lot of the activity that we were seeing in terms of the drop off was the result of recent explorations. I think a stronger indicator is the continued strong performance and uptick in the deferred contract months, particularly in the Eurodollar complex. That is again, a consistent trend that we have been reporting in terms of the concentration and the uptake in the volume in the deferred month and is very consistent with the activity that we're seeing in the U.S. Treasury side of the complex as well. We're definitely seeing an increased trend in terms of the convertibility of activity that is typically seen on the OTC side of the market, being able to replicate strategies into our exchange-traded products, and that's a positive trend. I think by the complement -- the full complement of what we're offering across the curve from the very shortest-end and to the very long-end duration, we're pleased with the continuity of performance that we're seeing across the curve. The other thing, I think, you have to keep in mind is that we have seen low volatility in October, in particular. We've also certainly seen an impact from the European crisis. There's definitely been some pull back, in terms of assessing where that was all going to shake out. But all in all, the performance in the trends that we're seeing in October continue to be positive.
Roger A. Freeman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, my follow-up question -- my second question would just be around the OTC swaps and the pipeline it's building. You threw out a pretty big pipeline, which sounds great. Just curious what the sort of conversion rate is. Is the -- is this building -- do you have enough capacity even to bring this all on? Or is this -- are these indication of interest -- how real is it?
Bryan T. Durkin: Very real. I mean, we're very confident, first of all, in terms of the scalability of our systems and the performance of our infrastructure to be able to handle and be flexible and nimble to be able to bring on these instruments, some of which are very esoteric, to respond to the clients' needs. So as we're out there, as part of our sales force suffers, we have definitely the original complement of the interest rate swaps product base and CDNS that we are offering to the markets. We're having good trend, in terms of customer participation, to handle that on an OTC clearing basis to be able to extend that to other currencies and be able to support that need is definitely, I think, a value-added service that we're able to represent and to do it in a very quickened fashion. So we're very confident.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ken Worthington, JPMorgan.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In terms of the technology partnership with Bovespa, I believe you started collecting additional fees this quarter as the new technology was rolled out. Does this ramp from the current levels? And maybe can you tell us where the revenue was booked?
James E. Parisi: This is Jamie. The revenue this past quarter was in the neighborhood of $2 million. But that was mostly tied to progress payment recognition. So that will ramp up going forward. We expect that next year a conservative estimate would be in the $4 million to $5 million range for the per-click fee from Bovespa. And it'll beam at Bovespa, and it'll come through the other revenue line.
Kenneth B. Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And in past, you've broken out kind of trading volume outside of the U.S. hours. Any update you can provide there? Does the trend continue to play out? I'm sure U.S. volatility is probably skewing the stats a little bit. But some color there would be helpful.
James E. Parisi: If you look at the ETH trading as a percentage of our Globex volume, it's picked up nicely in the third quarter, represented about 16.5% of our overall Globex volume. That was up from 15% in Q2. And also, as another data point, if you look at our country of origin, information was about 22% of our volume was coming from outside the U.S. and approximately 25% to 27% of our revenues.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Rick Repetto, Sandler O'Neill.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I guess, my first question, Craig, is on energy. If you look at your volumes, at least from the prior month anyway, there's a little uptick. But I guess, even more indicative is the price of WTI that sort of divergence has sort of narrowed. And I guess, you've spent some time at the Analyst Day talking about -- could you give us an update? Are you seeing some of the issues in Cushing resolve themselves? Or are these numbers just too small to really indicate that?
Craig Steven Donohue: Well, Rich, and I think as you pointed out already, I think we've seen some very positive developments in the WTI markets and the Brent-WTI spread. That spread has narrowed now to less than $17 from $27 in September and even higher earlier than that. And I think that reflects a number of different factors. Certainly, we're seeing logistical solutions being put in place. We have less tight conditions in Cushing, in terms of deliverable supply. We've had people developing their own rail transport and other solutions to get crude to the Gulf Coast. As I think you're aware, the State Department took a first and, I think, very significant step in determining that they were not significant environmental issues with the proposed TransCanada Keystone pipeline project. And then conversely, we have seen tighter conditions in the Brent market, as well as I think an increased recognition that there are just fundamental production and supply issues in the Brent market. And obviously, we watch this very carefully and we'll continue to do so. But I would say these are very healthy indicators for the WTI market.
Richard H. Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then my one follow-up would be on Dodd-Frank, Terry or Craig. You got to balance all indications a balanced sort of rules when it comes to position limits when they -- like you said, the cash and the physical equivalent, but they did give you the exception on natural gas. But I guess, the other part, the stuff that's coming up, or another portion of the Dodd-Frank, is this $50 million capital requirement for clearing members. And I guess the question, how do you think you would implement that. I know ICE has done some things to modify their OTC clearing, but how would you adapt that? Is it a similar requirement if the rules stay like it's proposed?
Craig Steven Donohue: Well, Rich, I'll take that. I mean, I think, obviously, we're working with clearing member firms and with the CFTC on those issues. And I guess, I would just say that it's been our view that it's not strictly a function of minimum capital. We do believe that the people who are taking on the risk, really need to be able to support the default management process. And in the event that we were to have a failure in the OTC clearing area, we want to be sure that the firms not only have the financial capacity in terms of their guarantee fund contributions, but that they also have the financial capacity and expertise to take on transferred positions and to deal with them effectively. So we're still working through that process. But, I mean, we fundamentally believe that it's important that we have a balance. We do want to promote openness and competitiveness in OTC clearing. But we also have to be mindful of the risk management aspects of what it takes for clearing members to actually support the default management procedures of the clearinghouse for OTC products.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Howard Chen, Crdit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just following up on the strong activity in the OTC clearing and specific in October. Was there anything specific to what you all did that drove the big ramp up in October? And while I know we're still in the buildup phase, can you speak to any contribution to revenues and earnings?
Craig Steven Donohue: I think a lot of credit should be given to the intensified sales effort and customer outreach. You're well aware of how we've restructured our organization to more effectively align ourselves with our client segments. And having our team out there and meeting with our clients and helping them understand the offerings and the capabilities that we have, and being out there, I think in the context of providing them with very efficient testing capabilities and making it fairly seamless for them to be able to test their portfolios, resonated with the client base and truly had them establish a comfort level to bring that customer business and to clear it with us. So I do think that, that was a great motivating factor.
James E. Parisi: On the revenue side, Howard, we're still -- it's still early in the game, so we're -- fees are being waived as we build this business, so I'd anticipate that to continue as we continue to build.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And Jamie, on capital management, it looks like dividends and share repurchase totaled about 80% of net income this quarter. Is there anything in particular to this quarter that would've made that number lower or higher than you'd like to see it? I'm just kind of gauge a sense of whether this is an okay run rate.
James E. Parisi: Yes. I'm not going too much into specifics, Howard, on how we approach this, other than to say, as you know, we are very committed to returning our excess capital to shareholders. We put kind of the guidepost out there with $700 million of cash flow maintained on the balance sheet. But that doesn't mean we're going to manage it right down to the $700 million every quarter. So it's going to fluctuate around, but we will -- we are committed, as I said, to return that -- return capital whether through buybacks or dividends.
Operator: And we'll go next to Alex Kramm, UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Jamie, just wanted to come back on the tax story here with Illinois. I mean, obviously, you said what you can say, I guess, at this point. But I think, I asked you a couple of quarters ago already, if this is the start of something big. So now that you've done a lot of work, I assume, internally, with your team, and obviously, you're tracking a lot more of the volume that's coming from internationally and so forth. Just wondering if there are opportunities to take over the next few months, years to also reduce the federal rate by sourcing it differently? I mean, if you look at some of the other exchanges, obviously, their tax rates are a lot lower.
James E. Parisi: Yes. We're in little bit different situation with regard to our international exposure and that they purchased -- most of the exchanges purchased operations overseas. And so it is an area that we are certainly studying and we'll be continuing to work on in the coming couple of years. Right now, our focus is very much on the state tax side, but we're not -- we continue to study the federal side.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Good. And then, I guess, just going back to the position limit, maybe for you Craig or Terry. Obviously, it seems like you're somewhat happy with it, but when we talked to a couple of folks in, D.C. towards this rulemaking and listening to some of the comments by the commissioners that were not in favor, it sounds like -- or some people are saying that there could actually be some legal challenges to the rule. So just wondering if you're looking at this the same way? You think something could happen at this point if you actually would prefer to just have it done with. You like the rule how it is. And might as well, move on instead of trying to throw this over or benefit if somebody else challenges it and this continues for a few more months or year.
Craig Steven Donohue: Well, I think I'll just repeat what I already said, which is I think there are still areas of real concern with the positions limit rules at the highest level. I mean, of course, we're continuing to be very concerned that the U.S. is really the only major financial center that seems to be adopting hard position limits and types of constraints on legitimate participation in the market by commercial bona fide hedgers. And so there's always a very real risk that large, global multinational customers will look for risk management solutions outside the U.S and there's nothing that has changed that fundamental concern. I think we were trying to be balanced in our assessment of the final rule, and certainly wanted to get recognition to the fact that the CFTC staff and commissioners worked very hard to respond to industry comments that make we think are very substantial improvements in the rule . So I wouldn't go so far as to say we're happy with the rule, but we're certainly happy that many of the fundamental defects in the rule, as it was initially proposed, were improved. And then as I mentioned, in particular, we were very concerned about the sort of increased risk of inter-market manipulation that might have occurred through what we think are false incentives to essentially shift people into second-order, cash-settled swap or features, which really sort of priced off of the actual physical delivery price discovery contract, and that was certainly with the exception of nat gas. And I think a very important improvement to preserve market integrity. In terms of litigation, I'm sure that like us, everyone will be looking at the final rule. As you know, even though the commission took affirmative action to adopt the final rule, we have yet to get through an exhaustive examination of it. We will do that. My hope is that this is behind us and that as we get through, looking at the final rule more closely, we'll determine that while it's not perfect, it's best to move forward. And I hope that will be the outcome, but I can't say yet.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Carrier, Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: If we look over the past 12, 18 months, there's been quite a bit of innovation on the product side. Do you guys have any stats, or do you track how much the volume is coming from the product innovation versus in the last 5 years? Just trying to see how much of that catches on. And then even from time spent, just the reward or the return from spending the time on the product innovation side.
James E. Parisi: This is Jamie, Michael. I think if you look over the last few years, probably 2% to 3% of our volume comes from new product innovation. We've seen some really great success over the past year like I've never seen before in new product innovation like the Ultra contract, our weekly treasury options and others. So I think we're on a good trend here.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just as a followup -- maybe just an update on the European clearinghouse? And then just on the balance sheet, it looks like the guaranteed fund went from like $4.2 billion to $7.7 billion. Assuming that's related either to Europe OTC, but just wanted to get a sense or understand what the increase there was?
James E. Parisi: Yes. The most significant piece of that increase of the cash performance bond is tied to the OTC market.
Craig Steven Donohue: It's Craig. On the first part of your question, we're really pleased with the continued building of open interest at CME Clearing Europe. We have clearing activity on a daily basis now. We have approximately more than 100 trading firms and brokers that are now eligible to clear through CME CE. We are continuing to expand the product set and seen good progress in European bio-diesel and diesel contracts. And we're looking forward to filing with the CFTC and the FSA to cross-margin CME Clearing Europe positions, with positions at CME Clearing here in the United States. So we're pleased with the progress. We have a long way to go. But I think the number of clearing firms and customers that are now accessing those services clearing product almost everyday is a sign that there's potential for CME CE to become a significant player in the European market.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Niamh Alexander, KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: If I could, just on the performance bond again. you're saying it's mostly related to the OTC, given there's $70 billion and a whole lot more out there in terms of notional value, I mean, I'm just trying to understand how should we think about the growth there, as maybe you load more in. And then part of that, is the $7.6 billion -- does that include $2 billion effective kind of guarantee fund that typically stands in front of the clearing house with all the brokers' funds, in the event of losses or something like that from a customer and other FCM?
James E. Parisi: Yes. The -- what you see on the balance sheet is just the cash -- what's put up as cash, whether it be for performance bond or for the security -- the mutualized security deposit pool. I think in the early -- going in the OTC markets, people are just using cash. But as time goes on, I believe that they'll start to look to use more some of the other vehicles available like treasuries and some of the IEF funds that we provide. So you may see that number fluctuate up a little bit in the beginning and then taper back down, as people use investments.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Just fair enough. And then just to clarify, understanding the structure here, I'm trying to respect your request from earlier. But typically, we understand in most day-to-day situations, customer collateral doesn't cover our customer loss and FSCM's on the hook for it as the guarantor. But then in front of that, before the exchange, through the member guaranty fund, which is around $2 billion or so, and then there's various lines of protections for the clearinghouse. Am I thinking about that correctly still?
James E. Parisi: Yes, as far as I -- I think so. In front of the mutualized pool fits the exchanges again and again.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: And that was -- was it like $100 million or something like that or...
James E. Parisi: Yes, on the regular futures and options. Yes.
Operator: And we'll go next with Daniel Harris, Goldman Sachs.
Daniel F. Harris - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering in the last few months of conversations, especially as the OTC Clearing businesses picked up a little bit, have you guys had any dialogue with typically OTC swap participants that are more interested in looking at the exchange-traded futures business versus where they were 3 and 6 months ago?
Craig Steven Donohue: Yes. Indeed, I think one of the major value propositions that we offer in addition to our clearing facilities is the broad complement of asset classes that we represent across the curve. And so, as we're in there meeting with the various client segments -- and I think you'll see a particular interest or awareness coming from the asset management community, in particular, being able to be introduced to the exchange-traded futures products, where some of these entities have strictly traded on the OTC side are now availing themselves and able to replicate their risk management needs, utilizing our exchange-traded products. So it's definitely tangible in terms of being able to identify new users coming in to the exchange-traded products that we haven't seen before, which I think underscores the efficacy of the program that we put in place.
Daniel F. Harris - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And then just want to come back to your comment about waiving the fees, Jamie, for the interest rate swap, given that we are in the early days here of that product At what point or at what size of that business do you think that you would start to implement fees? And then how do we actually think about how those fees will be assessed to the different size of transactions?
James E. Parisi: I think we're still -- as we said, still in the early going here. It's hard for me to give you a great answer there. I would expect that it's going to be sometime as the book builds before we start charging. In terms, we'll likely charge a transaction fee associated with these rights, that'll be a per-transaction fee associated.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jillian Miller, BMO Capital Markets.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So as we try to make sense of the market right now and figure out what 2012 might look like from a volume perspective, I was hoping you might be able to discuss some of the leading indicators you're seeing in your market, just in terms of the activity and engagement. And then how they might be similar or different from the picture you guys are seeing in late 2008 kind of heading into 2009.
Craig Steven Donohue: I definitely think that if you look at some of the fundamentals we've been operating in a 0 interest rate situation now for the better part of 3 years, however, the performance of our contracts have indicated, from our perspective, a strong flight to quality in terms of dealing with uncertainties in the marketplace. Volatility can change at a whim and having a place to come that has a deep liquidity that we represent across our asset classes, I think definitely resonates. And performance has demonstrated that over what one might expect to be a slow market time, just given the general market fundamentals and where that looks to be in terms of holding rates constant. We're definitely seeing the effects in a positive basis across our interest rates, as well as our metals complex and our energies, as well. The other thing that I would note is there was definitely a pullback in asset from 2008 through, I would say, the beginning of 2010. We're seeing more bad activity coming back into the marketplace, and particularly, as it pertains to our interest rate and equity quadrants.
James E. Parisi: And I'd say too, when you think about it on the expense side, as you've seen, we're taking a very hard stance on expenses and indicating that we're targeting growth no higher than 5% a year going forward, which should also add some leverage to that exit equation.
Daniel F. Harris - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I think that's really helpful. My second question would just be on the regulatory front. With respect to the 85-15 rule, it seems like ClearPort products don't currently meet the requirement of having, I guess, at least 85% traded via central limit order book. Just want to get your thoughts on how you see that rule kind of shaking out. And if it were passed in its current form, is it something that could potentially harm ClearPort, just in the sense that if you have to process these contracts for swaps, there could be higher capital requirements involved and some of your participant might lose the 60-40 tax treatment?
Craig Steven Donohue: Well, let me just say at the outset that I think this is a rule that has really major defects in it, not just for ClearPort contracts, but just more broadly. As it relates to ClearPort, I mean, first of all, obviously, we can clear products as swaps and we do. We've talked a lot on this call about the success that we're having in interest rate swaps and credit default swaps. I don't think that it's likely that it will be more expensive, even if we're required to clear those instruments as swaps rather than futures. The CFTC has determined to apply one-day margin to commodity and energy swap contracts. So in fact, that will not be sort of a negative factor as it relates to ClearPort. I think the other thing to sort of focus on there is that the fact that we have recharacterized ClearPort contracts as swaps will serve no useful purpose, because it's not necessarily clear that people will continue to clear those contracts. And so from the CFTC's perspective, I think at least many of the commissioners that we've talked to are sympathetic to the view that ClearPort serves a very valuable purpose. It certainly has helped bring stability to the energy market, has mitigated bilateral kind of a credit risk in a very substantial way. And I don't believe that the majority of the commissioners are really convinced that recharacterizing those contracts as swaps will serve any useful purpose. So we'll work through that process with them and -- but I'm expecting that ClearPort will continue to be a really important service for customers.
Operator: Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Chris Allen.
Christopher J. Allen - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to kind of come back. I know you guys can't specifically comment on MF. But in the situation where there's a segregation issue and customer accounts would not be whole, who's on the hook for that? Is that -- the customers just lose out because their FCM failed? Is it specific issue, or is this -- is there actually clearinghouse issue here?
Craig Steven Donohue: Well, let me try to answer that as best I can. And I'm going to really limit any commentary on MF Global. But just in general, when you have a combined broker-dealer FCM, then you're dealing with the complexities of 2 different customer protection and bankruptcy regimes, and so SIPA and sort of segregation are both coming into play, it's always the case that customers have the risk of other customer losses in the customer-segregated pool. And there's always the risk as well that customer funds are not properly protected. I already commented on that in my remarks earlier, and I'm not going to elaborate further on that. But this issue doesn't really present a issue at the clearinghouse level.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brian Bedell at ISI Group.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Craig, if you could just comment a little bit more on the sort of intermediate- to long-term strategy in Europe, given some of the rules that are coming out with MISA2 [ph], in terms of potentially interoperability of clearing and how your European clearinghouse fits in with that in the launch of these -- your futures products and the -- your LIBOR and the sovereign credit spreads and other initiatives that you might be thinking about?
Craig Steven Donohue: Well, sure. I mean, first of all, we have, obviously, a very significant customer base in our core business. In Europe, we have a very significant amount of average daily volume that comes from Europe and from the U.K. We think there's substantial upside for us to continue to expand our existing core businesses and core products and services in Europe. Obviously, CME CE is a reflection of our commitment to broaden the range of clearing services that we'd provide and to do that, in the U.K. for European customers versus just offering a U.S. domicile clearing solution. In terms of sort of the future regulatory environment in Europe and the U.K., I think it's very premature to sort of prognosticate what the outcomes will be right there. But what I would say is, on the topic of interoperability, I mean, I think as you could see, Congress has the wisdom. And just recently visiting the topics of market structure and competition and adopting Dodd-Frank, they choose -- they chose to make it clear that clearinghouses should not be required or forced to accept the counter-party credit risk of another clearinghouse, and of course, interoperability, effectively, does raise those kinds of issues. And I think in the U.S. anyway, the Congress is very concerned about the domino effect of counter-party credit risk between clearinghouses that have different credit profiles, different risk management in margining methodologies and different operational features. So it remains to be seen what will happen in Europe. But we're certainly strongly on record as being concerned about counter-party credit risk at the clearinghouse level. So we'll see how that plays out. But our strategy is really to focus on our core business, increasing customer use and attracting new customers in our current core businesses. As we go forward, as a global exchange, we certainly also focus on innovation, globally, so product development for us is not just U.S.-centric, it certainly includes the European market and the Asian market as well.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jonathan Casteleyn with Susquehanna.
Jonathan E. Casteleyn - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Just had a longer-term question about your pricing volume dynamics. So if volume on average increases 15% per year, as your CAGR has suggested, what kind of pricing decline would you expect, knowing what you know about your volume tiers, et cetera?
James E. Parisi: This is Jamie, Jonathan. I don't have an amount in front of me. I would say it's probably in a couple of percent area, but that assumes a static fee schedule and volume tier regime, right? So over time, we do look at those tier levels and assess whether they're appropriate still and have in the past raised some of those levels. So that's the best I can give you at this point.
Operator: And we'll go next to Matthew Heinz, Stifel, Nicolaus.
Matthew S. Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just wondering if you can give us a sense of the $83 billion that's been cleared so far in the swaps clearinghouse. Of that, how much is a real sort of Dodd-Frank compliant SEF-traded business on a voluntary basis? And then, I guess, just as an extension to that, how do you view the sort of robustness of the current SEF infrastructure, as it sits today?
Craig Steven Donohue: Did you say the current -- the robustness of the current SEF infrastructure?
Matthew S. Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Craig Steven Donohue: Well, first of all, I'm not exactly sure, and we might not be able to get too far to this on this call, but I'm not sure by what you mean by CFTC compliance. I mean, what we're seeing right now in advance of the mandate is market participants electing and demonstrating their ability and willingness to move towards central counter-party clearing. I think, primarily, given the increase sort of sovereign risk concerns in Europe and just the overall concerns about bilateral credit risk issues in the marketplace, so people are electing to migrate, because they can, and because they're ready. Obviously, as more time goes by, and we see the CFTC-adopted definitions of swaps and determine what swaps are subject to the mandatory clearing requirement likely to include, most of the things that we're already clearing. In terms of the SEF infrastructure, that's really premature to try to answer. Obviously, people are in the process of determining whether they're going to be a operating SEF and what the requirements will be and what the infrastructure requirement also will be. So I don't really have a comment on that, other than the industry is eagerly awaiting the final rules on SEF trading requirements and exchange trading requirement.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Rob Rotschow with CLSA.
Rob Rutschow - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I have a two-part question. I guess, the first part would be, in terms of the clearinghouse, how much of a view do you have into an FCM's end-user account? And without speaking to MF specifically, what are -- I guess, how do you make the determination that they're not in compliance with customer segmentation rules? And then separately, the second part of the question would be if I look at October OI data, it's negative in most areas except for equity. Is there anything besides seasonality that might explain that?
Craig Steven Donohue: All right. Rob, I'm going to be very limited in my response to your first question and just say that on the regulatory side, we do provide audit and capital supervision for our clearing member firms. And so pursuant to our designated self-regulatory responsibility, we do have access to detailed customer account level information. And I think that's the extent of what I'm going to say on the first part of your question.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Gaston Ceron with MorningStar.
Gaston F. Ceron - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just a real quick question, actually, just going back to clean up a thing on expenses. Jamie, I think you said something during your opening remarks about increased staffing levels. I know you guys have this target of keeping operating expenses under growth, under 5% per year. Just kind of wondering where the increased staffing is coming from, and how that kind of -- where do you see that kind of going forward, as you pursue this 5% goal?
James E. Parisi: Yes. it's good question. It's -- right now, it's mostly driven by the investments in our growth opportunities. So you're seeing increased staffing in our clearinghouse, for example, tied to over-the-counter markets, you've seen some increased staffing. In technology, tied to some of our ASP arrangements and that sort of thing. I would imagine that over time, that staffing level will level off to some extent, so we can meet those 5% goals. But it's definitely driven by the growth side of the equation.
Craig Steven Donohue: Rob, I want to apologize, because I think you had a second part of your question. The moderator jumped to the next question. So if you don't mind, I'm going to ask Brian to respond to your question so you get an answer.
Bryan T. Durkin: Sure, Rob, I apologize. As I mentioned earlier, we've been dealing with some low volatility in the context of the overall market fundamentals, right? But as we're looking at the trend for our interest rate products, in particular, we're very pleased with the overall performance, particularly in the longer-dated end of the yield curve. That trend has been very consistent, and I think is in alignment with what's happening in the general marketplace with respect to the macroeconomic factors that are driving the activity. I think you are very astute to point out that there's definitely seasonality impacts associated with the decline in the open interest. And as I alluded to earlier, as we're tracking this basis, our overall performance, looking at the cycles year-on-year, the trend there has been fairly consistent. Also, when you look at the European market, we're seeing very similar trends. So we take a holistic picture at how the overall performance of the contract's trending in terms of the volume, both across the front end to the back end of these contracts. How are we looking vis--vis the competition that's out there? How are we trending with respect to the overall macroeconomic factors? I think another thing to note is that the mix is still over 30, and we're seeing a very nice uptick occurring with respect to the performance of our equity index products as well.
Operator: And Mr. Donohue, with no other questions remaining in the queue, I'd like to turn the conference over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Craig Steven Donohue: Thank you very much. I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning to discuss our record performance in the third quarter. And we look forward to talking with you next quarter.
Operator: And again, that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: James Parisi - Chief Financial Officer and Managing Director of Finance & Corporate Development John Peschier - Managing Director of Investor Relations Craig Donohue - Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Marketing & Public Relations Advisory Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee Bryan Durkin - Chief Operating Officer and Managing Director of Products & Services
Analysts: Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc. Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank Rob Rutschow - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc Kenneth Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P. Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Christopher Allen - Evercore Partners Inc. Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CME Group Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introduction, I'd like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier: Thanks, and I'd also like to thank all of you for joining us this morning. Craig and Jamie will spend a few minutes discussing the highlights of the second quarter. Terry Duffy and Bryan Durkin are here as well, and then we'll open up the call for your questions.  Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the accompanying slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. For detailed information about factors that may affect our performance, you can go to our website and take a look at our Forms 10-K and 10-Q. Again, you can go to the IR portion of the website to find those. With that, let me turn the call over to Craig.
Craig Donohue: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I will discuss our strong performance in the second quarter and provide updates on a few of our strategic initiatives before turning things over to Jamie to review the financials.  During the second quarter, we delivered excellent top line results, with revenue of $838 million, driven primarily by strong trading volume, which we also saw last year during the second quarter. Volume accelerated during the quarter with $12.1 million in April, $13.5 million in May and $14.9 million in June, averaging $13.5 million for the quarter. We had record open interest during the quarter that surpassed 100 million contracts. We also delivered a highly profitable quarter with earnings per share of $4.38. This was driven by a heightened expense focus, which is reflected in our revised guidance for the year.  Building on our second quarter results, average daily volume is off to a relatively good start in July, up 18% compared to last year. Interest rate volume was strong in the second quarter, highlighted by a 50% increase in June, with Eurodollars up 58% and Treasuries up 44%. This growth was likely driven by increased volatility due to the turmoil in Europe, the end of the second round of quantitative easing and concerns about the potential downgrade of U.S. debt. Our interest rate market share increased from April to July relative to U.S. and European competitors, which can be attributed to our diverse customer base, our strong liquidity and futures along the yield curve, our healthy options business and our significant depth of book and effective spreads.  We are seeing some customers increasing the proportion of business they do on our exchange. For example, according to the CFTC's most recent traders and financial futures report, there has been a sizable increase in asset manager open interest positions in Eurodollar futures contracts, as well as an increase in the number of large open interest holders in many of our interest rate contracts. The open interest from this customer group, which traditionally executes the majority of its business in the OTC market, has jumped from nearly 1 million to 3 million contracts. This now represents almost 20% of total Eurodollar futures open interest, up from 10% a year ago. In addition, commodities volumes remained impressive during the second quarter. Agricultural products and metals products were up more than 30% during the quarter. The commodity markets are clearly being impacted by supply and demand fundamentals and exacerbated by recent weather patterns.  Turning to company initiatives, we continue to lead the industry in successful product innovation and product extensions, as well as enhancements in technology and in our clearing and risk management services. Last quarter, we launched the sovereign yield spread futures contracts. In addition, we continue to build out our nondollar-denominated products by launching Euribor futures and options, which we currently expect to go live at the end of this quarter. We also announced the late August launch of new foreign exchange futures contracts based on the Chinese yuan or renminbi. In order to meet growing customer demand for products denominated in the Chinese currency, these innovative new futures contracts will be quoted in interbank terms, reflecting the number of yuan per U.S. dollar. These futures products are aligned with the OTC market convention for non-deliverable forwards, while providing the benefits of counterparty risk mitigation from exchange-traded products.  Our efforts with our partners continue to progress. Development of our multi-asset class trading platform, which we are jointly developing with BM&FBOVESPA remains on track, with the derivatives modules scheduled to go live in Brazil in stages over the next few months. At that point, we will begin receiving a fixed and variable per transaction license fee expected to be $8 million to $10 million per year based on current derivative volume levels. This revenue will increase as our partner's derivatives volumes grow. During the second quarter, while the overall volume was relatively flat versus the prior year, the volume we track coming from South America and Mexico to CME Group grew 60%. In June, it grew more than 100% and averaged a record 46,000 contracts sides per day. In addition, we are pleased to further build on our strong relationship with the Osaka Securities Exchange, the premier Japanese derivatives and securities exchange, with a strategic arrangement to cooperate on joint product development, marketing and promotion. Under this arrangement, the companies will offer Japanese yen-denominated products for their global customer base. Addition of yen-denominated futures based upon the Dow Jones Industrial Average at Osaka and the E-micro Nikkei 225 contract at CME Group will provide market participants with nearly 24-hour access to global benchmarks sized for their needs and denominated in the currency of their choice. Both products are expected to be offered in early 2012.  We also continue to extend our Central Counterparty Clearing capabilities globally through CME Clearing Europe. CME CE is up and running and we have started to see activity in both energy and agricultural OTC-cleared products. Our main focus in this early stage is building on our network, which will connect new clearing firms and enabling customers and brokers to participate. We currently have 16 clearing firms and a strong clearing member pipeline. At the same time, we are continuously expanding our European and Asian customer base for CME CE. At this point, we have more than 60 clients and brokers registered for CME CE on CME ClearPort. In addition, we are in the process of broadening our offering, which includes the deepening of our OTC commodities offering by adding the 150-plus products that we are already offering, as well as pursuing readiness to make our OTC interest rate swaps clearing solution available through CME Clearing Europe.  To conclude, the world is changing before our eyes. Financial markets are always dynamic and innovative, are changing at an even faster pace than the world at large. CME Group is uniquely positioned to take advantage of these profound changes by ensuring that we have the products, technology, clearing capabilities and global distribution systems to benefit from the opportunities created by these changing market dynamics. We are confident about our potential and our progress going forward.  And at this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Jamie, who will touch on the financial highlights.
James Parisi: Thank you, Craig, and good morning, everyone. We posted revenue of $838 million during the second quarter, while effectively controlling expenses, which were down $4 million sequentially. Q2 average daily volume of 13.5 million contracts was flat compared with Q2 last year despite the record May 2010 average daily volume of 16.8 million contracts. This significant revenue generation, coupled with effective expense management, drove a 4% increase in operating income to $535 million. Operating margin of 63.8% was one of our highest quarterly margins ever and up from 63% last quarter. Additionally, this morning, we reduced our 2011 expense guidance by $25 million and our CapEx guidance by $15 million. Lastly, the reduction in our expected effective tax rate to 42.5% for the second half will decrease second half income tax expense by approximately $5 million based on consensus estimates. The second quarter total average rate per contract was $0.807, up 2% from second quarter 2010. Although there was an unfavorable product mix relative to first quarter 2011 with a higher percentage of interest rate activity, the second quarter average rate per contract was in line with first quarter 2011 due to lower volume discounts and a favorable venue mix.  Within market data and information services, we saw a sequential increase due to an audit assessment, which offset a slight drop in base screens, while our Dow Index business grew from the prior quarter due to higher commodities and ETF-related revenue. Within other revenue, we recognized $9.8 million related to the sale of an asset in our index business. With the related expense of $3.2 million recorded in other expenses and the related $1 million expense in the net income attributable to redeemable controlling interest line.  Turning to compensation and benefits, this line item was $118 million, down $5 million on a sequential basis. We reduced our bonus accrual relative to the first quarter and our base compensation and benefits was also down, due primarily to a decrease in our vacation accrual. Non-compensation expense increased less than 1% versus the prior quarter. In terms of our expense guidance, originally we had guided to $1.26 billion in 2011, which we reduced by $25 million to $1,235,000,000. While we continue to invest in the growth initiatives we have spoken about before, including co-location, OCC clearing and our new multi-asset class trading platform, we are being as efficient as possible on the spend, as well as on the core spend. From the first half to the second half of the year, we expect to see increases in occupancy and depreciation related to co-lo and our new London office, in compensation related to our positions filled during the year and in professional fees tied to growth initiatives.  Nonoperating expense was $25 million during the second quarter. Investment income was less than $5 million, reflecting a lower dividend from BVMF and the reversal of a $2.7 million dividend from IMAREX originally recorded in Q1, which is now being characterized as a return of capital. Our effective tax rate was 42% in the quarter, primarily related to tax planning efforts underway. For the second half of 2011, we estimate our effective tax rate will be approximately 42.5%, down from our prior guidance of 43%. Capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $44 million in the second quarter, driven primarily by continued work on co-location and buildout in our newly completed London location. This brings us to $83 million of CapEx during the first half of the year. We now expect total capital expenditures for 2011 to be $165 million, down from $180 million estimated previously. During the quarter, we purchased approximately 220,000 shares of CME stock, following our buyback announcement on May 9.  In summary, it was a nice quarter for CME Group from a financial perspective, with robust profit margin and cash generation. We saw volume accelerate during the quarter and so far, the summer volumes have been solid. While we continue to invest in top line growth, the expense related to our growth-oriented projects is leveling off. Our first half 2011 expense growth was 9.7%, excluding the write-down we had in Q2 last year. Our revised expense guidance implies year-over-year growth of approximately 5% for the second half. We intend to prioritize and intensify our focus on cost efficiency as we build our plans for 2012 and beyond during our annual budgeting process in the fall. When our plans are completed, we will share the highlights with you. We will now take your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take the first question from Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: I wanted to go back to the comment about, I think, it was asset management and I missed the other customer category that you have noted had significantly higher open interest year-over-year. One of the things we've been hearing from the dealer channels is that there's been some impact on longer-dated OTC, like 5 year and greater swaps, because of concerns around the Basel requirements but not so much on shorter duration. So I was kind of curious as to what you think is going on there?
Craig Donohue: Yes, Roger, it's Craig. And I'll come to your question in a second. We saw, in June, we saw very strong volume growth of more than 50% from both the bank and proprietary trading customer segments, both of which are participating in our markets, as well as our competitors' markets, which I think is very encouraging. What I was referring to was the Eurodollar futures commitments of traders report for asset managers. And we've seen very, very strong growth in their accumulation of open interest in the Eurodollar market over the course of the last year effectively. They hold approximately 20% of the open interest. And so we've seen them migrating, we think, increasingly to the futures market from the swap market in part for the reason that you highlighted in your question.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. And then I guess the second question is just on the capital plans, you have, I think, $750 million buyback, bought a little bit this quarter. But how do you anticipate given sort of other opportunity sets for deploying the capital? How aggressive do you think you might be over the next 6 months or so?
James Parisi: Obviously, we've got the authorization on May 9, and we got into the market very shortly thereafter. So I think we're somewhat aggressive at the beginning. And we went into blackout sort of at the end of the quarter. Going forward, we'll continue with the buyback. We do have the authorization from the board, and we're going to work from here and we're going to analyze it on a regular basis.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Rich Repetto from Sandler O'Neill.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Craig, I guess, the first question is on -- you brought up Brazil first when you talked about your partnerships and a peer or competitor has invested in the clearing firm, CTEEP. And I was just trying to see, how does that affect, you think, the competitive landscape down there in Brazil? And this -- giving you strong relationship with BM&F?
Craig Donohue: Richard, I assume you're referring to the ISA investment in CTEEP?
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Yes, I don't pronounce it correctly.
Craig Donohue: Yes, no, that's Okay. I probably don't either. But, obviously, in partnering and investing in BM&FBovespa, we have a very strong belief in the strength of their franchise. As you know, they are the preeminent market in Latin America. They have very strong liquidity. They're in the process now of building the new multi-asset class trading platform with us, which we think is going to drive growth in both their futures and their cash equity segments. As you also know, they operate the most substantial Central Counterparty Clearing capabilities in Brazil with 4 different clearinghouses. So we think they're really well positioned in the marketplace. We haven't yet seen the full dimension of what ISA's plans are with CTEEP. But CTEEP, as you know, is not as broad and deep in terms of the markets that it facilitates and is mostly focused on post-trade, clearing and custody.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Okay, that's helpful. And I guess my follow-up, because I thought it was interesting when you talked about the bank and proprietary trading activity being up 50% in June. As I look at volumes in June, the most significant -- was all that activity, part of the vast majority of it focused in interest rate futures? And is that, I mean -- I guess, I'm trying to feel like, gauge the sustainability of the increase?
Craig Donohue: Yes, what I was referring to was in interest rates. And I think that's just generally reflective of most of our customer segments. As you know, we have very good activity not only in treasury futures broadly speaking but we continue to see strong growth in Eurodollar futures in the kind of first 2 years, up more than 12% and significantly greater growth further up the yield curve.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Michael Carrier from Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess, one question just on the clearing business. And I think we've heard some comments about this in the U.S. and then globally, on whether clearinghouses, exchanges would be deemed systemically important and what that would mean. So, I guess, any update on that? Because it seems it's different, it's not like banks where just capital can be just -- maybe it's investments in technology, disclosure. And then just on the collateral, if we did get a downgrade in the U.S., how you think about that, what the process would be in the clearinghouse? Any impact?
Craig Donohue: Sure, no problem. We'll be subject to Fed oversight as a systemically important financial market utility or what we call a systemically important derivatives clearing organization. We have already proactively set aside $500 million for our guarantee fund contribution for the OTC clearing initiatives and for CME Clearing Europe. And we're already above the requirements in terms of capital and guaranty fund lines in place to manage the default of the 1 or 2 largest clearing member firms at CME Clearing. So we will be covered by that, but we're already above those requirements and effectively, it won't have much impact on us. And then with respect to your second question, obviously on a realtime proactive basis, we regularly make adjustments to both margin requirements, as well as haircuts that we apply to different forms of collateral. I think so far this year, we've had nearly 70 different margin increases. Margin increases and haircuts are both driven by historical and implied volatility measures and other risk management considerations that we apply. You might have seen just earlier this week, we did announce both margin increases, as well as increases in haircuts that we apply to our treasury, futures products, as well as cash treasury securities that we accept as collateral.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And just as a follow-up, Jamie, just on the new guidance, both on the expense side and on the tax side. I guess what drove the taxes or I mean the expense lower? And then on the tax front, I think you guys have mentioned in the past partnering, relocating. Like, what drove this? Are you back to a level where you're comfortable being there? Are you still looking at different opportunities ahead given the higher taxes in Illinois?
James Parisi: On your first part of your question, on the expenses versus the guidance, I'd say, it was really 3 factors: one, as regulatory clarity has been delayed somewhat, we have slowed down our filling of open positions related to our OTC efforts; secondly, in terms of our equity and energy product lines, growth has probably been somewhat softer than we anticipated. So then we are experiencing lower license fee and fee-sharing expense; and then lastly, we have been going out to our teams and asking them to ferret out expense efficiencies wherever possible. So we're seeing decreased in discretionary expense going forward. So those are some of the key drivers there. On the tax side, the decrease that we've seen thus far from the 43% guidance, down to the 42.5% guidance was really driven by work that our tax team has done here internally to optimize sourcing of revenue from higher tax jurisdictions. So it's very much an effort that's been ongoing for some time and that will continue to be ongoing. That said, in terms of the state income tax rate that you alluded to, we are working with leaders in the Illinois legislature, as well as going out there and meeting with several other states to see what is available out there to lower our tax burden. Because as you know, we do have the highest tax burden, I'd say, in terms of the rate that we pay in Illinois of any corporation.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Alex Kramm, UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank: Just following up on that last question on the tax side a little bit. Jamie, can you give us a little bit more detail on the things that you are considering or can be doing? You said, sourcing the revenue, I mean if you look at some of your competitors that have international operations, obviously, they have a much lower tax rate. Are there opportunities with your international volume growing that you can actually book some of these trades maybe when they come to the hubs? Or is this something that, it's going to be because you're U.S.-based company and maybe Globex is a space there, your data centers are there, that's something that's, is only a dream?
James Parisi: I wouldn't say it's a dream. I'd say it's not an easy process. It's not just because you're generating revenue there that you get to source the revenue overseas. It has to do with where your intellectual property around all of that and your -- basically your means of production, where are they located, which are primarily here in Illinois. But there are strategies to follow that we are looking into to see if we can improve upon that -- improve upon the sourcing.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And then maybe more on the volume side, again, coming back to the interest rate business in particular. Craig, I think you mentioned the end of Q2 and also the debt ceiling issues. Have you actually seen the market participants come back to the market? I think there was some discussions that after -- or during Q2, some people were sitting on the sidelines, the market was a little bit distorted by the fed being there and everything. So have you seen people coming back to the market at all? Or is it basically unchanged? And then I guess related to that, can you maybe make a comment on cyclical growth through new people coming to the markets in general? I think, historically, when you look at some of the GSEs, for example, I think one of them was not as active in the futures market. Now they are. I mean, do you still see people coming to the futures market? Do you think this is still a growth opportunity even domestically? Or do you think this is more global effort now?
Craig Donohue: Well, on the first part, I mean again, we did see very strong growth in June, in the interest rates market. I think as you're well aware, that the treasury was essentially purchasing 70% of the issuance that's out there. So we do think that, that has created incentive for market participants to come back into the market and be more participative and for people who need to hedge risks that are holding those cash treasury securities, whereas the fed obviously wouldn't be hedging those risks. So that has been positive. Our sales force is definitely getting very strong interest from clients in terms of using futures market, alternatives to the swap market as they're beginning to face the increased costs, not only in terms of capital but margin requirements to support their swap trading activities, as well as clearly a fairly large amount of uncertainty about the total range of impacts to them from using the swap market given the ongoing and delayed nature of the rule making process for implementing Dodd-Frank. When we go out to talk to people about the interest rate swaps, clearing at CME Group, they're as interested in talking to us about that as they are about using our products as substitutes or alternatives. I think it's very early, but that is the feedback that we are getting from a lot of the buy side institutions that we have relationships with.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Howard Chen from Crdit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG: Craig, just a follow-up on that topic of systemic importance, I'm not sure I heard you correctly. To refine the point, do you think that Fed and/or FSOC oversight the systemic utilities will ultimately mean anything different or additional from how the CFTC oversees their DCO designation?
Craig Donohue: That obviously remains to be seen as this whole process gets completed. But I would say, it's not likely that it will materially change how we function and how we operate. We already have a very extensive level of involvement with the Fed. I think that the Fed respects the primary jurisdiction of the CFTC, as well as their expertise in oversight derivatives clearing organizations. So I don't think this is going to have a material impact on how we operate and the success of our business or the way in which we manage risk due to the fact that we have worked so closely with the Fed for many, many years.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. And separate topic, just totally different. Can you update us on what's going on with the Dow Jones joint venture? Maybe what are you all working on? How are things progressing versus original targets at formation? We don't have all the details but it does feel like things have slowed a bit from some of the historical growth rates that you all kind of touched on at the time that you formed it.
Craig Donohue: Sure. I mean, I'll just touch briefly on that. Since acquiring the Dow Jones Index services business, that has been performing very well and actually, above our expectations at the time of acquisition. We're continuing to work on new product development, but we're pleased with the direction of that business in terms of its revenue and profit growth and we're going to continue to look to our capabilities there to expand the range of not only indexes that are provided, but also the range of products that we can trade that are based upon those indexes.
James Parisi: And, Howard, I'd just like to add on the revenue side, on the Dow indexes, we're seeing revenue in the second quarter of 2011 of roughly $23 million. And if you look back a year ago, it was around $19 million. So I do think that we're seeing some decent growth.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Chris Brendler from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Can you just give an update a little bit on the - a little more color on the competitive environment in the rate business. And you showed a nice slide on large holders in open interest. Can you give us a little color on what you're seeing in terms of the competitive conditions and your depth of book versus your competitors?
Bryan Durkin: Sure, this is Bryan Durkin. Obviously, we're very pleased with the performance overall of our interest rate complex, and I think it goes to the efficacy of the composition of market participants and diverse composition of those participants in our markets. Our open interest levels are at all-time highs. We're monitoring very closely the composition of the large holders of that open interest. We currently have in our Eurodollars alone, 282 large open interest holders, which is defined as positions of 3,000 contracts or more. Looking at the competition and seeing some of the build up in the open interest, we recognized that it must be fairly or significantly concentrated in that, it's less than 20 open interest holders at NYPC or ELX. None of that information has risen to the level of reporting in the commitment of traders' reports, which is indicative of the tight concentration. So we're continuing to build up obviously with the extensions of the products that we are introducing in our overall interest rate complex, we feel very strongly about the capital efficiencies associated with the broad swaps of products that we offer in that regard across the curve. We're continuing to heavily concentrate on the buildup of the back month liquidity, particularly longer-dated back month opportunities within our Eurodollar complex. And we're very pleased to see a very strong and significant growth in open interest towards the back end of the curve.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG: Yes, I agree. Second question, follow-up question, separate topic, on Dodd-Frank and swaps and clearing. Can you just give us an update on your views on the progress there and the timing, and when we might actually see a little more traction?
Craig Donohue: Well, I wish I could give you a very good answer to that. But like all other market participants, the implementation timeline and the sequencing of implementation is not really well established yet. Still, there's still tremendous amount of final rules to be brought forward to the commission for approval. We continue to urge the commission to prioritize the implementation of the clearing mandate and all of the ancillary rules pertaining to that, so that market participants will have greater clarity about not only the timeline but the requirements and cost as well. We think in the total scheme of all of the various rule makings that the CFTC is working on, that's the highest priority and I think most other market participants agree with that. But so far, they haven't really come to a consensus view on the sequencing of the rules that they would like to implement. So my guess is, we're probably talking about the end of the year.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Chris Allen, Evercore Partners.
Christopher Allen - Evercore Partners Inc.: Jamie, just one question on -- you mentioned before that BM&F receives fixed and variable transaction fees about $8 million to $10 million moving forward. I'm just wondering, how that -- whether that's incremental to kind of the current run rates in terms of revenues you're seeing from BM&F or -- because I know you're getting almost like onetime development costs, revenues in this quarter. So I'm just wondering how that compares for a incremental basis.
James Parisi: On an incremental basis, for this year, probably we're in the neighborhood of -- in terms of the fixed payments, on the progress payments, we're probably in the neighborhood of $10 million to $15 million. So there's only $800,000 of that in the current quarter. So what we will be seeing, and as we're saying, these are kind of onetime payments, right? Going forward, this will be an ongoing revenue stream of the $8 million to $10 million, and it will be coming through the services line.
Operator: We will take our next question from Niamh Alexander from KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: If I could touch on the potential for U.S. downgrade and default, help me understand, what are the biggest risks that CME management cautioning against and you're working towards? Help me understand what's the worst case potential outcome for your company?
Craig Donohue: Well, I mean, obviously, Niamh, as we briefly addressed earlier, we want to make sure that we have sufficient margin on deposit to cover 99% of the risk of a given position in terms of the one-day price move. But we also want to make sure that we have sufficient collateral on deposit and that's the quality of that collateral and the manner in which we valued it allows us to meet all obligations to market participants. So we do have a very kind of realtime approach to risk management and risk coverage. We mentioned already that we've taken some affirmative steps to increase margin requirements, as well as to increase the haircuts that we apply to treasury notes and bonds, agency securities and foreign sovereign debt securities that we accept. We will continue to take a very realtime approach to managing those risks separately, where we to see significant increased volatility and market activity. We believe we're very well prepared to facilitate a more significant number of transactions here from a matching perspective. So on balance, I think we're well-prepared but we're working through that and watching very carefully what happens. I think you're aware that we have a very substantial financial safeguard system. We also have and continue to have a very substantial amount of excess margin on deposit with us, consistent with historical levels, and foreign access of what market participants actual requirements are with us. So we think we're in very strong shape.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. And my follow-up, if I could touch back on the position limits and with the new commissioner coming on board, I understand some of his comments had been about making sure you have the correct data in place. And reading CME's comment letter to the CFTC's proposal, I think you've pointed out along with others that the CFTC needs to gather a lot of data and analyze it before the legislation requires them to do that, before they implement it. I know you can't tell me what you're thinking -- what the CFTC is thinking but you're in the business. How long do you think it would take to effectively analyze and gather that kind of data before, if they were to kind of wait to put rules into effect? How long could that take? I mean, could it be at least a year before you can really effectively make a decision?
Craig Donohue: Well, it's hard for me to speculate on that. But I can say that obviously, in order to accomplish that, first of all, we will have to have a final set of rules on position limits and a more precise definition of the requirements or the position limits regime. But as well, we'll have to have the updated data repository rules finalized and there'll have to be an implementation period for market participants to be able to adjust and to be able to submit that data, so that it is available to the commission and they have the data that enables them to determine what the right approach is in terms of aggregating positions that market participants are holding in the swap market, as well as the futures market. So I'm afraid that probably is a while away for those reasons. But I think you know that -- our view is -- first of all, we have hard position limits already during the exploration period in all of these products and we continue to be concerned about the position limits proposal in terms of how it might sort of artificially constrain legitimate market purchase spend activity, including bona fide hedging and risk management activity.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Rob Rutschow from CLSA.
Rob Rutschow - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I was interested in your comments on the shift in user base for rates out of OTC and to exchange-traded derivatives. Are there any changes going on with the way the futures contracts are being accounted for and are they -- have the accountants figured out a way to make them more easily qualified for hedge accounting? And then separately, are you guys innovating new products that sort of addressed that issue?
Craig Donohue: Sure, Rob, let me address that. First of all, I think If you just look at it historically in terms of the many distinctions and differences between the swap and the futures market, many of those historical distinctions are beginning to give way obviously as you see more consistent regulatory paradigms for swaps and futures, convergence of business systems in terms of either Central Counterparty Clearing or perhaps the so-called exchange trading or pre-imposed trade price transparency requirements for swaps. And obviously, the capital on margin aspects of supporting and financing transactions in the swap market versus the futures market. The accounting standards for hedge effectiveness have not yet materially changed but there is, as you know a convergence process now between U.S. accounting standards and international standards. The international standards we believe draw less of a distinction between the exchange-traded products and swap products in terms of their ability to satisfy hedge effectiveness types of rules. So those things are beginning to blur. We're continuing to work with the FASB folks to try to sort of influence that process, in part because, while you can make the argument that a tailored swap agreement might actually better meet the hedge effectiveness test, it's also predicated on the ability to liquefy that exposure in a liquid market, as well as predicated upon the performance of the counterparty. Both of those areas are areas where centrally-cleared products offer we think advantages. So we're working through that. I would expect over a period of time but not overnight, that some of those distinctions from the accounting perspective will likely blur as well for those reasons.
Rob Rutschow - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay, that's very helpful. A separate unrelated question. Can you tell us how -- what percentage of your clients are in Asia? And then specifically, what percentage are in China and how that's changed over, say, last year or 2?
Bryan Durkin: So, this is Bryan Durkin. We've been more closely tracking the level of business that's coming out of the Asia region, and we are seeing a broad composition of the user base across Hong Kong, China, Korea, as well as within Singapore, where we have a large composition of our resources located. We are continuing to build upon, as you know, our efforts in further penetrating all of the Asia region. We are building out more of our resources within Hong Kong and Shanghai to better service and penetrate access to those locales. We're very pleased with the level of diversification from the user base within the Asia region, which is representing the broad swath of the products that we represent. We have a very strong representation across each of the client segments as part of our restructured organization, so that we can better target and penetrate each of those client segments with the goal of increasing class asset sales, as well as acquisition of new clients.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Ken Worthington from JPMorgan.
Kenneth Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Perfect timing here to follow-up on that last question. Last quarter, you highlighted about 15% of Globex volume was executed outside of U.S. trading hours. And obviously it's a growth area for you guys. Is that continuing to build? Is it possible to get maybe an update on that number and any commentary about how the build outside of U.S. trading hours is going?
James Parisi: Yes, excuse me, this is Jamie. If you look at the percentage of trades that's been outside the U.S. trading hours, it did hold constant in Q2 versus Q1. You're going to see ups and downs, obviously, and when you look at Q2 in particular, when you think about April and Europe was on vacation for half the month, uncertain if that had some impact on the volumes coming to us from outside the U.S.
Craig Donohue: But as you've indicated, it is a significant portion of our strategy, which is underscored by the focus and level of resources that we have, both in Europe and within Asia. And to reinforce my earlier comments, that is going to be a significant area of focus for us in terms of growth.
Kenneth Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Excellent. and then in other, some old disclosure piece, you used to talk about your customer mix. You had a slide for many quarters, like hedge funds, proprietary trading firms, investment bank nonmembers, would you release where those stats are today, just so we can kind of gauge where things stand?
Craig Donohue: Well, we don't release those stats specifically anymore. But I will say they really haven't changed all that much from the last time that we had.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Jillian Miller from BMO Capital Markets.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: With regard to your plans towards the Euribor, I guess, contracts in the second half of the year. I guess, I'm curious why now? I'm not sure if like maybe you're hoping to take advantage of client disruption related to the life merger, the expected movement of the clearing from the U.K. to Germany. Are there some other consideration? Because it seems like the timing of this could potentially play into your competitors favor and their antitrust review?
Bryan Durkin: Actually, the timing of introducing this contract was very strategically focused in the context of the build up of our deep and liquid Eurodollar complex, particularly the strong interest and strength that we've been able to build up in the longer end of that curve. We have certainly prided ourselves in being very closely connected to the client base that utilizes these instruments, and we've had a strong interest in our ability to extend and introduce that product in the context of the spreading capabilities that we've been able to demonstrate. It certainly is also complementary to the sovereign yield spread products that we recently introduced. And so when you take the totality of interest rate products that we're currently offering, the liquidity associated with that, the capital efficiencies, it was a logical extension for us.
Craig Donohue: If I might just comment also, I think it's important to note that we are not trying to hurt or help the Deutsche Boerse transaction one way or the other. We are doing what's in the strategic interest of the CME Group that was outlined by Bryan. So whether it helps or hurts them with antitrust is not any part of our strategy.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. That makes sense. And then, it seems like there's kind of a trend to listing products in non-U.S. dollars, and I just wanted to get a better idea for who these contracts appeal to? I mean, is it primarily like European and Asian investors? Or is it maybe U.S. traders, who are looking for a closer hedge or something else along those lines?
Craig Donohue: It really includes all of the above. Certainly, as we've intensified our local efforts within the European regime and within Asia proper, we want to be very responsive to addressing the risk management needs of the client base that do business on our markets and also those that don't, being able to encourage them to come to our marketplace by us providing them with tools and currencies that are most familiar to them in terms of the denomination and be able to provide both execution and clearing services to address those needs.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Moving on, we'll take our next question from Jonathan Casteleyn with Susquehanna.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: I guess, S&P, the rating agency came back to you intra-quarter and did not downgrade the long-term rating. I just wondering what changed or if you have any idea of what changed from their perspective?
James Parisi: Yes, Jonathan, this is Jamie. We sat down with them obviously and walked through our business, talked to them about some of their concerns around the FXCM program, and I think as they learned more about what we're doing, it influenced their decision on to keep, to maintain our rating. We are on a negative outlook but so is the industry, generally speaking. And I think that's just tied to broader trends.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Okay. And then, can you remind us of your longer-term objective with the new BM&F investment. I think you're now 3 years into your initial 4-year holding period. And so I'm just wondering, what's the outlook beyond next year? And I believe you can write the investment up now, can't you? Within one year of the restriction being up?
Craig Donohue: Let me take the first part of that and let Jamie respond to the second portion of your question. We view our relationship with Brazil, which is reciprocal essentially as a long-term relationship. We are working together to increase flows into our respective markets from our respective customer bases and the different kind of geographies that we cover. We continue to have very strong growth and participation from Brazilian banks and asset managers and hedge funds into CME Group's core products, with south to north volumes increasing very substantially. As you know, we also have a revenue arrangement, where order flow that comes through the CME Globex network or customer base that is either routed there or facilitated through their co-location services, we participate in revenue growth associated with that activity. We are working together right now to develop their technology, and obviously Jamie talked about the per-contract royalties that we expect to achieve as they implement the platform. So it's a long-term arrangement. Obviously, we have, reciprocally the holding period for the stock. But we're always going to judge this on the basis of the value, ongoing value of the strategic partnership rather than simply the investment that we each have in each other.
James Parisi: And if I can add to that, on the -- if you look at the volumes that are coming to us sort of the Latin America incentive program, I think, which have been significantly influenced by our partnership with Brazil, as Craig was saying, up pretty significantly. They're about 39,000 sides last quarter, up about 60% versus last year. Generating revenue on just those sides of about $1.4 million. But if you consider that both sides are trading against the other volume potentially here in the U.S., the revenue is likely higher than that. On your question around the accounting for the BM&F stake, you will see, if you look at last quarter, we did write that back up -- or I'm sorry, so that will go through equity going forward. It's not something that's going to flow through the income statement unless there's another -- we review that and other assets like it for impairment. But that's not likely.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Don Fandetti with Citi.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc: Craig, I was curious how you rank your growth opportunities today? And secondly, there's clearly been a lot of volatility and change and uncertainty in the capital markets and reg. Do you look at your company as having the same earnings or top line growth trajectory as it had historically or do you still remain positive on that front?
Craig Donohue: Well, on the first part of your question, I would say that as you've heard from us before, we believe we have very strong growth prospects in our core business. We are working very hard to expand our business on a global basis. A lot of the work that we're doing to expand access points in important developing and emerging markets, listing new products either in conjunction with strategic partners or those that we simply develop and innovate on our own that have appeal to foreign investors. We have very globally relevant products. So products like FX, metals, energy and commodities, we believe we have a lot of untapped demand for those products as we build out not only our distribution network and distribution partnerships but our own sales and marketing and education capabilities in Asia, in particular but other developing markets as well. So core business growth is probably the highest priority we have and then obviously, we're looking to growth in new areas like co-location services, expanding our clearing services on a global basis through CME Clearing Europe. We have a very robust OTC clearing business already. It's roughly 10% of our total revenues. We're expanding that very successfully beyond oil, power and gas into FX, metals and commodities and we see very substantial opportunities there. And then as well obviously, we're very focused on interest rate swaps and CME's credit default swap and clearing services. And then as we touched on very briefly earlier, index services as well. So we have a variety of growth initiatives beyond the core but we've got a lot of confidence in our ability to grow the core. And I think when we look at what's happening and the emergence of greater levels of capital markets and hedging and risk transfer activity on a global basis. We still think that this is a reasonably young industry and that there's substantial growth opportunities available to us now as the global exchange with global technology and distribution systems and customers. So we've said, we think that we can continue to generate the kind of growth that we've seen over the last 40 years.
Operator: Moving on, we will take our next question from Daniel Harris, Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just wanted to come back to the launch of the Euribor product set that you guys have. And obviously, a deep and liquid market in that product as well and as you guys have seen in the U.S., it's very difficult to attract liquidity and open interest. So I was wondering what is your strategy here going forward to attract new clients with market-making incentives or other strategic strategies to actually move that product up over the next few years?
Bryan Durkin: As I alluded to earlier, we really have strong confidence in our ability, both from a technical perspective and leveraging market client segments, particularly on the proprietary side of things to assist in the buildup of liquidity in new contracts. As you've alluded to, it is difficult when you're introducing a new contract and you have to have all of the components in place from a technical perspective to the user base perspective to the construct of the actual contract. This has been in the works for us for some time. We feel that again, strategically, from where we've been able to build up that depth of liquidity, as I alluded to earlier in the back months of the Eurodollar and across the entire curve, coupled with very strong interest from the proprietary trading group side, both within Europe proper itself, as well as in the U.S., that we have a nice mix I believe of participants that are going to work with us to help us in building up and establishing that contract.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then shifting gears here completely, smaller business for you guys now that the business diversified as much as it has, but the market data piece of the business, you guys historically used to have pricing power there, raised fees every year or 2. Just wondering what your thought there is in terms of the -- screen count seems like it's somewhat stabilized here after falling for a while. A, whether or not that grows? And B, whether or not you think there's any ability to actually raise fees at some point?
James Parisi: As you noted, we have been generally every other year still take price increase. The last one we took was just last year and as we took that price increase and you look at the revenues generated from the price increase swamps the loss in revenues from the shrinkage in terminals. So this is something that we analyze going -- on an ongoing basis and I can't really say too much about pricing going forward.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Brian Bedell from ISI Group.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc.: A question for Jamie to start, on the expense guidance. Does your reduced expense guidance take into account lower volume outlook for the second half? And I guess generally speaking, do you -- does the budget include lower volumes for the second half or is it stable with the first half?
James Parisi: I'd say generally no, it doesn't account for lower volumes in the second half. I guess, that's all I'm going to say on volumes.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc.: And then, another question, more strategically on WTI and Brent. As you probably know WTI gains -- I'm sorry, Brent gained considerable share in June. You've gained some of that share or WTI's gained some of that market share back in July. Just maybe, if you can talk a bit about what the strategy there is in terms of developing new products or working with the market participants to use WTI more, given the gap that we're seeing in the WTI and Brent prices?
Craig Donohue: Sure, it's Craig. I mean, I'll tackle that. I think first of all, if you look at sort of relative market share in kind of the Brent and WTI markets over a multiyear period, you would see different fluctuations in that, mostly attributable to cyclical factors that come into play at different times in terms of each of those different markets. WTI continues to be the much stronger benchmark with volumes and open interest that are considerably greater than those in ICE Brent. And that continues to be very strongly the case. So we look at a lot of the current dynamics in terms of the spread differential between WTI and Brent as really kind of driven by just current kind of supply demand fundamentals and logistical issues that ultimately will solve themselves within the next year or 2. We continue to introduce, across all of our asset classes including energy, a wide range of product extensions. We have listed and made available both for trading and clearing different sour crude and index products with Argus. And I think for the long run, as you know, we believe there will be a number of important benchmarks in crude oil markets and we have a continued emphasis on developing an East of Suez benchmark through our investment in the Dubai Mercantile Exchange, where more recently, we've continued to see very strong volume performance in those products. That's a long-term market development initiative but with the macro shifts that are happening in the world, we think that there's the opportunity to develop that into a substantial benchmark. With that, I want to thank everybody. I think we're through with our questions. We appreciate you joining us this morning, and we certainly look forward to being with you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude today's conference. We thank everyone for their participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: James Parisi - Chief Financial Officer and Managing Director of Finance & Corporate Development John Peschier - Managing Director of Investor Relations Terrence Duffy - Executive Chairman, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee Craig Donohue - Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Marketing & Public Relations Advisory Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee Bryan Durkin - Chief Operating Officer and Managing Director of Products & Services
Analysts: Matthew Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc. Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank Rob Rutschow - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P. Kenneth Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG Daniel Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Christopher Allen - Evercore Partners Inc. Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CME Group First Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier: Thanks, and thank you all of you for joining us this morning. Craig and Jamie will spend a few minutes discussing the highlights of the first quarter, and then, we'll open up the call for your questions. Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the accompanying slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found on our website and also in our forms 10-K and 10-Q. Go to the Investor Relations portion of the website to find these.  Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Craig.
Craig Donohue: Thank you, John, and thank you for joining us this morning. I'm really pleased to share the highlights of an outstanding quarter in terms of revenue and bottom line results. Our results this quarter are attributable to our continued focus on successfully innovating new products, providing superior customer service and the hard work and commitment of our talented employees. With risk management taking on increased economic importance globally, we saw robust volumes in our core business as we delivered the most comprehensive product offering available to our clients. We successfully advanced several key longer-term initiatives, which we think will continue to position CME Group a step ahead of our competitors. During the first quarter, we delivered record revenue of $832 million, up 20% driven by average daily volume of 13.8 million contracts. Commodity volume rose 29% while financial products increased 17%. We believe that the breadth and diversity of our products and services is the key differentiator from our competitors. Interest rate volume was strong in Q1 despite the ongoing 0 interest rate policy in the second round of quantitative easing. Our treasury volume was up 30% while Eurodollars rose 23%. We had particular strength in our Eurodollar futures and options in the mid-curve area, with Eurodollar futures volume beyond the first two years up 100%, and our Eurodollar mid-curve option complex up 50%. Within treasury futures, the strongest growth came from our five-year treasury product, which increased more than 46%. In addition to increasing volume, it's important to note our deep liquidity across our interest rate products suite, as well as the rising open interest. For example, within our Eurodollar futures product, throughout the trading day, we averaged more than 60,000 contracts within the best five bids and offers, representing $60 billion of liquidity. Furthermore, our treasury futures contracts average a total of 40,000 contracts. Since the beginning of the year, open interest has increased by 2.5 million contracts or 34% in Eurodollar futures and 1.2 million contracts or 32% in treasuries, growing faster than the same period last year. Our interest rate team has continued to deliver product extensions that are demonstrably important to our customers. In January, we launched weekly treasury options and we have seen an immediate positive response from our clients. Average daily volumes surged to 14,000 contracts per day in March. This builds upon the extraordinary success of our Ultra Treasury Bond product launched last year. That new offering increased by more than 100% to 52,000 contracts per day in the first quarter, exceeding our own expectations. In keeping with our commitment to provide innovative risk management solutions to all of our customers, including products that may be more relevant for European and Asian investors, last week, we announced the introduction of new Sovereign Yield Spread futures. These products, which will be launched at the end of May, are designed to enable asset managers, banks, hedge funds and other institutional investors to efficiently manage exposure at government bond markets in France, Germany, Italy, the U.K., the Netherlands and the U.S. We also continue to make progress with customer readiness for our interest rate swaps offering. We have cleared trades for 10 large buy-side firms, and we are currently testing with dozens of other firms with many more in the pipeline. Feedback from market participants is that they are waiting for greater clarity on the rules from the CFTC before clearing significant volumes. We are very pleased with our level of client support relative to our competition, but we expect this area to further strengthen our interest rate product value proposition and deepen our relationships with our client base. Turning to commodities. We had record quarterly revenue in all three product lines: energy, agricultural products and metals, and in both exchange-traded and OTC-cleared products. These records reflect significant shifts in fundamental supply and demand factors, improvement in economic recovery, as well as increased geopolitical uncertainty. Now, in energy, we saw rising volumes across the board with healthy growth in all of our product segments. CME Group's WTI futures grew 34% in Q1, which outpaced growth in Brent futures at ICE.  OTC activity was very strong during the quarter, with energy-related ClearPort average daily revenue reaching $1.25 million, well above our prior record. Additionally, we achieved record OTC revenues in crude products, power and ethanol, along with strong revenues in our natural gas product line. Notably, we also achieved our highest quarterly ClearPort revenues in agricultural products, metals and foreign exchange. Total clearing revenues during the first quarter in these three product areas was $4 million, up from $1.4 million in Q1 last year. Agricultural products were a standout in Q1. Volume increased 47% with tight corn and soybean stocks and a wet spring in the Midwest. Open interest continues to expand with March open interest up more than 40%. We are seeing increased activity during non-U.S. trading hours in these products. March 2011 average daily volume during non-U.S. hours was 91,000 per day, up 117%.  Metals had a record daily revenue during the first quarter driven by changing inflation expectations and a flight to safety. Following our launch of iron ore swap and options contract last year, we recently added 3 new swap futures products designed for the global steel industry. The ferrous metals market, which includes iron ore and steel along with related products, is the second largest commodity market by volume after crude oil. And CME Group's ferrous metal futures offer risk management opportunities for these vital global commodities. We recently added a new head of our metals business in London, and our major focus in metals is to drive continued global expansion and greater use of our industrial metals contracts, as well as expanding our OTC metals clearing offering. Last year, we reorganized our products and services area to enhance efficiency and customer service and to drive ongoing cross selling of our products. We made a thoughtful investment in terms of adding global-sales-oriented headcount. Over the last year, we've grown the sales and customer service organization from approximately 120 to 145 people. And I now want to give you a few metrics for this quarter that we used to assess the near-term performance of our team. First, the level of customer penetration by asset class has been trending positively. In the first quarter, 62 of the top 100 customers traded either five or six product areas, increasing from 53 firms two years ago. Fourteen firms are now trading only one or two product lines, down from 21 customers in that category before.  Given our global growth strategy, it is important to note that we continue to see strong performance during non-U.S. trading hours. In the first quarter, we had great liquidity during those hours with average daily volume of 1.75 million contracts traded between 4 p.m. and 7 a.m. The overall growth during this time period was 27%, once again outpacing the overall volume growth. In terms of product areas. During the first quarter, 34% of electronic FX volume came during non-U.S. hours with 24% in metals and 17% in interest rates. The other product areas see approximately 10% of volumes during that time frame.  To illustrate the deepening liquidity, I'll turn to the equity area. We have doubled the E-mini equity volume percentage traded during non-U.S. hours from 5% to 10% over the last two years. And we now trade more equity volume in those products during non-U.S. hours than NYSE's FTSE products trade all day. Turning to other initiatives. We will officially launch CME Clearing Europe at the end of next week to better serve our European-based customers. We will begin with more than 150 OTC energy and commodity products, with up to 15 clearing firm intermediaries. The initial product set includes eight OTC contracts based on the DME Oman Crude Oil Futures contract. One innovative new offering will be rapeseed oil, which is used for food, cosmetics and in the manufacturing of biodiesel fuels. Our goal is to offer a full multi-asset class OTC clearing service building on CME Group's clearing experience as well as our established and growing European presence.  In the next phase, we expect to add interest rate swaps to the European clearing offering. Once we get more regulatory clarity, we will seek approval to provide margin offsets between cleared OTC products in the U.S. and Europe and CME Group futures and options products. This reflects our industry-leading role in maximizing capital and performance bond efficiencies for our customers and our clearing member firms.  As you know, over the last two decades, we have led the industry in implementing cross margining arrangements and clearing linkages with other clearinghouses, including arrangements with the OCC and LCH, our common clearing link with the CBOT in 2003 and our subsequent consolidation of clearing operations with NYMEX and COMEX. As we expand our capabilities in the OTC clearing, we will continue to focus on delivering these same efficiencies to our valued customers. We also continue to make excellent progress on our globalization initiatives by providing our customers with access to additional foreign products from our partners on CME Globex. Ultimately, our objective is to bring new global customers onto our platform, where they can trade any of our existing products. Our efforts with partners progressed very well during the first quarter. Phase 1 of our multi-asset class platform, which we are jointly developing with BM&FBOVESPA including the derivatives, is on track to go live in Brazil by the second half of 2011. At that point, we will increase the revenue we derive from this relationship.  In addition, we are beginning to see positive trends in their customers' use of our core products. We had significant growth of 77% in Q1 for the South to North business we track, with particular strength in our agricultural, energy and interest rate products. In early April, we launched South to North order routing with Bolsa Mexicana, where BMV's customers now trade CME Group product via the order routing link through our Mexico City hub, which is linked to BMV's front end trading platform. We expect the North to South link to go live in the third quarter of this year. Bursa Malaysia, which trade their futures products on our Globex platform, had record average daily volume in Q1, up 52%. Their leadership team publicly acknowledged the contribution Globex has made to these volume increases.  In addition, the KOSPI futures traded on CME Globex reached its highest levels this quarter. Clearly, we have positive stories to see to share with additional global exchange partners and license providers where we can mutually benefit from new or enhanced relationships.  At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Jamie, who will touch on the financial highlights.
James Parisi: Thank you, Craig, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to have posted our highest quarterly revenue ever during the first quarter, while continuing to invest in future growth. We delivered very strong results with average daily volume of 13.8 million contracts per day, up 19% versus Q1 of last year, driving a 20% increase in revenue to a record $832 million. This significant revenue generation drove a 26% increase in operating income to $524 million. There's one item included in our GAAP results that I'd like to call out. Our Q1 GAAP tax expense included a $164 million benefit associated with the change in our expected effective tax rate and its impact on our deferred tax expense and the release of reserves related to a foreign investment. Excluding the tax benefit, Q1 net income attributable to CME Group would have been $292 million, and diluted EPS would have been $4.36. Moving on to rate per contracts. Despite near-record volumes during the quarter, the overall rate per contract was $0.808, down just slightly compared with fourth quarter 2010. Although the higher volumes resulted in larger discounts, the relative stability in the rate per contracts can be attributed to the strength of the product mix, with strong growth coming from energy and agricultural products.  Market data revenue of $107 million was up $3 million from the fourth quarter, mainly due to strength of CME Group index services. Activity in our Dow Jones Index business continues to outperform our initial projections. Revenue during the first quarter was $23 million, increasing from an average of $18 million during the last three quarters of 2010. We have seen particular strength in the commodities and ETF [exchange-traded fund] areas of the franchise.  I will now take a few minutes to review expenses. Compensation and benefits was $122 million, up slightly on a sequential basis. At the end of March, our overall headcount stood at 2,605, up 35 compared with the end of 2010, with half of that increase due to our Elysian acquisition and a majority of the rest in our technology area for the development of the new multi-asset class trading platform. Total non-comp operating expense in Q1 was virtually unchanged on a sequential basis and up 2% versus the prior year, primarily driven by Marketing and Other, as well as by licensing and other fee agreements. Turning to nonoperating income. We received a $14 million dividend during the quarter from BM&FBOVESPA based on our 5% ownership. If you recall, we generally receive a larger dividend during the first quarter, as some of it was a true-up of their 2010 performance. Capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $38 million in the first quarter, driven primarily by work on our co-location and data center facility. We have approximately 120 customers who have put down initial deposits and several more who have subsequently expressed interest. We currently expect to move customers into our facility at the end of the summer, with extensive testing in the October-November time frame. We are planning to go live during Q1 of next year, at which time, we will begin to generate recurring revenue. In Q1, we delivered the highest level of cash earnings in our history. Last year, our quarterly cash earnings averaged $270 million, while this quarter, our cash earnings hit $330 million. During the quarter, we paid down debt of $420 million including all the commercial paper we had issued. We raised our regular dividend 22% from $1.15 per share per quarter in 2010 to $1.40 per share in Q1. During the first quarter, we hit two important milestones related to the capital structure guiding principles we provided in a transparent way last July. At the end of the first quarter, we had more than $700 million of cash and marketable securities on our balance sheet. We also reduced our debt-to-EBITDA ratio to below 1x, which we have targeted since completing the NYMEX and Dow Jones transactions. We continue to make investments in our core business and in the growth initiatives I mentioned earlier, and we expect to continue to generate significant excess cash. Since we currently do not expect to participate in any major M&A activity in the near term, we will be well positioned to return excess cash to shareholders, and we are in the process of formulating the specifics of our capital return strategy. I'm excited regarding seeing the group's prospects and look forward to creating value for our shareholders.  At this point, I will turn the call back to Craig for a few closing remarks.
Craig Donohue: Thank you, Jamie. Let me just summarize by saying that we continue to position the company for sustainable growth. I'm very optimistic about the near-term and long-term opportunities that our company has moving forward. Looking back, we successfully integrated two large acquisitions. We delivered strong cash flow and operating margins during the unprecedented credit crisis. And despite the 0 interest rate policy as a backdrop for two years, and we performed at a very high level. During this time, we never stopped providing new and innovative new products. We never stopped investing in our technology and clearing infrastructure. And we never stopped expanding our global reach through partnerships, or we never stopped adding to the deep bench of our talented employees. I'm proud of our team's performance during the first quarter.  There's a lot of market commentary about potential M&A in our space, which has captured the attention of the media and certainly investors. The rationale discussed by potential exchanges who are active participants include four major considerations: First, the critical importance of the derivatives area in the context of standalone or multi-asset class exchanges; two, the benefits of significant and meaningful product diversity; three, the view that partnering with other exchanges around the world will open markets and drive trading activity in global products, particularly from customers in Asia; and four, the value of providing capital efficiency to customers. CME Group, in our view, already presents each of these opportunities. We embarked on the right strategy five years ago to position our company to benefit over the long term in all four of these dimensions. And we are not surprised to see other exchanges attempting to follow in the same path. If you are a generalist or an exchange-oriented investor and you are looking for a deep forward-looking innovative franchise with multiple organic growth avenues, then it's time to consider increasing your exposure to CME Group.  Again, we thank you very much for joining us today, and we'd now like to open the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Just first question, just having jumped over from the drama playing out on the other call, probably the number one highlight that Duncan [Duncan Niederauer] mentioned at the annual meeting is their success so far in NYPC [New York Portfolio Clearing] and that basically, only -- that most of the customers aren't even connected yet and that there's significant uptake from here. So I'm just kind of curious what you've actually been hearing from customers since that's launched?
Craig Donohue: Roger, it's Craig. I'll tackle that and perhaps Bryan Durkin may like to add. But first of all, I think, as you can tell by looking at the numbers, I think the volume in the open interest continues to be fairly negligible. As I talked about briefly during my comments, the depth of book is significantly greater obviously at CME Group in both our treasury and our Eurodollars contracts than at either ELX or NYPC, roughly 30x deeper. And obviously, institutional customers who are hedging and engaging in risk transfer trades are looking for that very efficient market and depth of book. So while we take that seriously, and we're continuing to obviously compete aggressively in that area, I think it's also notable that when you look at their average daily volume, we've achieved that same number just in new products that we've introduced like the Ultra Bond and like the other products, mid-curve fed funds, the on-the-run treasuries and weekly treasury options. So we're focused on innovation and growth and meeting our customers' needs as we are ensuring that we remain a very effective competitor in today's environment.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then I guess a follow-up on -- well, it's separate, just what's your updated thoughts or where do you think CFTC or where do you think CFTC's leaning in terms of ultimately being able to do portfolio margining across swaps and futures to actually be able to offer customers that offset?
Craig Donohue: Well, it still remains to be seen. They are putting out for comment their proposals. I believe that there's still a very strong different set of opinion among the commissioners on the right sort of range of alternatives for the industry. We have at least one commissioner that has been opposed to sort of the strict segregation of swaps at an individual account level versus what we have in futures. We have another commissioner who has wanted to ensure that the industry has ample opportunity to comment on a wider range of alternatives including alternatives that we support, which is the baseline futures model. And cross margining between swaps and futures is partly a function of resolution of those particular issues. So we're pleased to see that at least some people in the commission are very sensitive to the cost benefit analysis and also wanting to make sure that these structures can be implemented in a way that maximizes capital efficiencies for customers.
Operator: And next, we have Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank: Let me start with something for Jamie on the expense side. I think your guidance that you've given at the beginning of the year was I think $1.26 billion. We're running at I think $1.23 billion annualized. I'm looking at your bonus accrual, which is, I think, already on the higher end of your target range. So can you just put the guidance and where we're running in perspective? Maybe where you're expecting seasonal upticks to get there, or are you actually doing a lot better than you're thinking?
James Parisi: Yes, Alex ,we did give out the guidance at $1.26 billion for 2011. If you annualize the first quarter across each of the categories, I'd say the areas that you end up with, as you pointed out, were coming in, in the first quarter on an annualized basis about $30 million or so less than that guidance. But we're still sticking with that guidance. And so if you take that $30 million, I'd say spread it roughly evenly going forward over the dollars in comp line, over communications and technology, occupancy, licensing and fee agreements and marketing and Other, and a lot of that is just driven by, the growth in these areas is driven by the investments that we're making growth across the exchange. Certainly, on the comp side, we're investing in headcount internationally to grow the business. We're also on the communications and technology side. You'll see that growth there coming as a result of rolling out our co-lo later in this year. On the occupancy side, we've outgrown our London office as we've grown our international staff. So we're moving into new space there, and that's increasing that line item somewhat. And then on licensing and fee agreements, that certainly will grow as we grow our ClearPort and equities business. And marketing and Other again is just tied to the international growth. So those are the areas where you'll see the pickup to get to that guidance for the full year.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank: And then going to Slide 13, I think it's actually new information, I guess, the volume by product on international -- during international hours. Well thanks, first of all for giving that. But wondering where you think the biggest opportunities are here? I'm looking at energy, for example, and maybe you can talk about that. I mean it's just 8%, it's the lowest across all your products. And I'd say energy is a pretty global commodity, right? So is that an area we're spending a lot of time, or are there any particular reasons why that's so low or lowering food [ph] to get that higher? So any more will be appreciated.
Bryan Durkin: This is Bryan Durkin speaking. We are intensifying our efforts both in Asia, as well as in our EMEA region to increase the level of focus and exposure to all of our commodity asset classes, and in particular, our energy products. We feel that the complementarities and the extension that we are offering with regards to, in particular, our OTC clearing services in Europe through the introduction of our CMA CE is largely driven by interactions that we've had with our local clientele and particularly the commercial end users of the energy product base, to provide localized clearing services in that regard. So you are correct that we are absolutely intensifying our sales focus and efforts in that tone.
Operator: And next, from Crdit Suisse we have Howard Chen.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG: First, Jamie, on capital management, you spoke to the milestones achieved during the quarter and that you're still formulating the specifics on the capital return strategy. Could you just expand upon that and talk a bit about maybe some of the parameters around what exact specifics that you are all discussing?
James Parisi: Sure, Howard. As we've said, we've been really transparent certainly about the intention to return to capital this year. And I will say, I'm very excited about the fact that we've been able to deliver on everything that we talked about with regard to the capital structure guiding principles. And as you noted, right now, me, my team, the board are focused on formulating our strategy around the return. In that return, we're going to look at various ways of returning that capital to shareholders, whether through buybacks, opportunistic buybacks or dividends. So those are all on the table certainly. And we're very -- we're still early in the stages, I'd say, of accumulating the excess cash to return. We just went over that $700 million mark just a bit this quarter. But as you know, it's a very dynamic business, so it probably won't take long for us to generate more cash to return. So we will be looking at buybacks opportunistically. We will look at the impact on our EPS. We'll be looking at where we feel the valuation of our shares are versus where the market is valuing them and take all that into consideration.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. And then just to follow up on the credit rating. I think during the quarter, S&P placed you on watch negative. It seems like on one hand, you want to put more capital into clear and mine share into clearing initiatives. But the agency seems to be signaling that that could be detrimental to the rating. So how are you thinking about balancing all of that?
James Parisi: We still need to sit down with them. We're meeting with them in the coming months. We're going to walk through all of it. I think we can demonstrate that the capital that we're putting into the clearing house certainly strengthens the risk profile of the clearing house. And I think we're doing the right things in terms of managing the business and managing within clearing. We're always managing the risk there is. That's our main consideration there. One of the issues that they brought up was around the FICOM [ph] structure. And we certainly, around that structure, are able to cap our exposures and totally control our exposures there. And we've done that, and we fully funded that risk. So as I said, think the risk profile of the clearing house is remaining very, very solid.
Operator: And next, we have Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I guess, Craig, I wanted to get your latest thoughts on the debate around WTI versus Brent. During the quarter, there were a couple of shifts by some major corporations away from WTI. And I just want to get whether you think this is a trend that you expect to continue? Just your kind of latest thoughts there.
Craig Donohue: Yes, sure, Dan. I mean, I think fundamentally, you have to focus on sort of the cyclical factors that are driving some of those trading relationships and trading opportunities. But fundamentally, as I think I commented during my remarks, you look at the sort of much larger open interest in WTI than Brent and also the fact that we have more growth in Brent than we saw in -- I'm sorry in WTI futures than we saw in Brent futures during the quarter. And I think that shows that people are continuing to look at WTI as the more liquid global benchmark. So there's a lot of complex cyclical factors that are going on in world energy markets. But fundamentally, we look at the liquidity, the volume and the open interest. We're also focused on continuing to develop a broader product set that meets all of the different needs, energy, consumers and producers and refiners around the world. And so as an adjunct to our already strong leadership position in WTI, we're focused on further development of our East of Suez crude oil market through the DME Oman contract. For the long term, we believe that there will be a number of important products that can be used for hedging and risk transfer purposes. WTI will continue to be a leader, but we'll also look to diversify that as well.
Operator: And next we have Chris Allen with Evercore.
Christopher Allen - Evercore Partners Inc.: Just wanted to ask if you could provide an update on the FICOM [ph] membership, where that stands in terms of when it's going to be launched. And if you have any color in terms of what's the potential absolute dollar capital savings across the customer base that could be realized from this membership?
Bryan Durkin: This is Bryan speaking again. We're very pleased with the, what we would consider the soft launching of the FICOM [ph]. And what I mean by that is we've been aggressively testing with a dozen or so of our end users to validate the margin offsets that we believed would be realized. And we're very pleased with the preliminary testing results in that regard. We fully expect to see one or two at least of our larger users come live over the course of actually the next few weeks, so we're anxious to see that come to fruition. As far as the other candidates that are involved in this offering, they're working through some of the internal logistics and making sure that all of the internal testing has been confirmed and finalized before they go live. But in terms of the offsets, we have seen upwards of 50% to 60% reduction as a result of this initiative. So we're very enthusiastic about it going live.
James Parisi: And I think the other thing to add to that is in addition of FICOM [ph] in our base business, that there's significant capital efficiencies already embedded in our interest rate product. So as you look between treasuries and Eurodollars and between the various Eurodollar contracts and the various treasury contracts, there's already $3 billion of margin efficiencies embedded in the clearing house in those products.
Bryan Durkin: I mean, this is an added benefit to the full complement of interest rates products that we offer.
Christopher Allen - Evercore Partners Inc.: And just one follow-up, I guess, for Jamie, was there any impact in computation in investment income from deferred comps this quarter?
James Parisi: Yes, there's a bit of favorability, I want to say it was around $800,000 to $900,000 of favorability in the comp line, with the offset obviously being down in the investment income line.
Operator: And next, we have Ken Worthington with JP Morgan.
Kenneth Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co: With regard to the non-U.S. trading volume, have you found if there is a critical volume level that's kind of a tipping point for future volume growth? I think in the past, Jamie has talked about the tipping point for electronic volume or once you hit a certain threshold, the high frequency traders start to participate and volume kind of accelerates. Does this concept apply to the foreign trading as well, and have you hit it or is it yet to come?
Craig Donohue: Ken, I think it's very difficult to put a number on that in the same way. Generally speaking, I think it's a different situation when you're talking about sort of the tipping point that some people think comes with 10% or 15% or 20% market share, whatever your view is. I think this is different. This is really extending liquidity and trading activity and volumes out throughout the 24-hour trading day. And I wish I could, but I don't think I can give you a very reliable answer to that. But obviously, the continued trend for us is, we're seeing this kind of increased growth in electronic volumes during non-U.S. hours as depicted on our slides. But I think, if you were to also look at it by time slides, you'd see that, essentially, it's mostly at the moment extending out from sort of the North American trading hours time zone. And so we're kind of building our way out, I guess is the way I would describe it, prior to our opening in North America and then following our late afternoon close.
Kenneth Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Maybe as a follow-up, given enough time, any idea on how much volume you'd expect could come outside of U.S. business hours given the current mix? It doesn't matter how long in the future, but, like, I guess on how big those volumes could be as a percent of total volume.
Craig Donohue: Right. Obviously, we can't speculate with kind of a prediction or projection. But I think that will depend on the particular product set. But obviously, FX, I think, is an excellent example of a truly global market where there's very active trading activity and liquidity to be found in the different segments of the FX market, literally around-the-clock. So FX and metals, energy and commodities, I think in that order, are likely to be ones that could be very actively traded and ultimately at a level that is commensurate with what we see in North America, and then, perhaps less so in the equities market where access to the cash market or related markets might be an impediment to the same degree of volume occurring during non-U.S. hours as U.S. hours.
James Parisi: And if I may add to our reconstituted sales force, particularly within Asia and in Europe, based upon how we've been able to segment that sales force, we are much more targeted in our capabilities to do the cross sales across the various asset classes that Craig just alluded to. And I can affirmatively say that the interest and the demand for particularly the commodities products is there. We are spending a lot of time working with our client base in terms of providing educational instructions on the utilization of these instruments to support and complement their risk management needs. I would say the same goes for the interest rate complex. And in particular, one of the reasons why we've driven forward with our Sovereign Yield Spread contract is to complement and provide the user base there with a single risk management tool in which they can bundle and manage the risk in these various government bonds in one transaction. So we're very enthusiastic, and it will be a major part of our focus, as I alluded to earlier.
Operator: And next, we have Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: I guess the question, Craig and Terry, if you're there, is back to the consolidation issue. I agree with you, Craig. It appears that there is some capping [ph] going on, at least bringing the interest rate, European interest rate, curve together. But I think the aims of some of these mergers is to go beyond that in regards to a multi-asset global exchange. And I guess my question to you, are you comfortable with the strategy? Were your partnership and linkages with your partners hold up versus that strategy as it undoubtedly moves to Asia afterwards and whether deals like that can get done?
Craig Donohue: Right. Well, Rich, I think the way that I would answer that is -- I mean, first of all, we've been committed for a very long time to our more focused strategy in terms of the composition of our business. And we've never frankly been very big believers in the sort of large multi-asset class exchange concept, if you will. In that it's not clear that it has actually delivered demonstrable value to customers in terms of increased efficiencies from a technology or post-trade clearing process perspective. And I think it's also somewhat evident that the synergy opportunities from those very different and very differently regulated businesses are inferior to the synergy opportunities of combining much more similar kind of derivatives businesses as we have done. That just happens to be our point of view. Obviously, we have great growth dynamics. We're continuing to exhibit those, as you can see from this quarter. We've got a very robust growth opportunity for extending ourselves globally and into new product areas and ultimately as well into the OTC markets and index services. I would say, just on the last part of your question, I think it's evident that we are one of the most, if not the most, attractive partner to large global exchanges just by evidence of what we've done over the last several years in trading, very strategic investments and commercial partnerships and arrangements with some of the leading exchanges in the world. Most of our products have a great correlation to a lot of these properties exchanges in markets and regions as well. With our new multi-asset class trading platform that we've jointly developed with BM&FBOVESPA, we'll be also in a strong position to leverage that technology and ultimately distribution network for partners that have a presence in the cash equities and equity options markets. So I think we're confident in our strategy and the positioning that we have and in the growth opportunities that we have.
Terrence Duffy: Rich, this is Terry Duffy. I am here, and I completely agree with what Craig said. And just going back to the prior question, and I think it circles around to it, when you look at how can you predict volumes coming from outside of non-U.S. hours, it's very difficult to do. But one of the things you have to look out is, as I think is what Craig and Jamie and Bryan has outlined through this call, is the investments that CME has put into place over the last five years, not just in North America but throughout the world. So we're very optimistic about the future.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Okay. And then, the one follow-up here, given those comments. I mean, obviously you've done a wonderful job of building these partnerships, getting non-U.S. hour trading volumes. But the ultimate -- from what I hear you saying, the partnerships -- do partnerships ever -- would you ever go beyond the partnerships? Because at some point, that's going to get tested, I assume, by others. They will seek to acquire the people you've partnered with or merge with those people. So when does it, or is that -- how do you think about that? How does CME position there?
Craig Donohue: Well, I think, Rich, if you look at what we've done, we've picked what I would call national champions in each of the major developing and emerging markets that are at least as of yet prepared to expand globally and partner strategically and from an equity perspective. So we've got a head start first of all in that. But we have been of the view and continue to be of the view that some of these national champions are sort of viewed as protected assets within their countries or regions. And so I think there's a quite a bit of evolution that has to happen in at least the developing and emerging markets before you see large-scale outright mergers, acquisitions and combinations. I think what you saw in Singapore and Australia, which would be relatively freer and open economies to some of the other developing and emerging markets that we're involved with. If ultimately, it just wasn't in the national interest, then that transaction couldn't go forward. That is the reality in terms of the dynamics. So I think we're well-positioned. We have a lot of time by virtue of being a significant shareholder, a major partner strategically or technologically with these kind of national champions. I think we're extremely well positioned.
Operator: And next, we have Jillian Miller with BMO Capital Markets.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets: Just going back to that global volume topic. I was wondering if there might be an opportunity through market maker incentives or some kind of market maker programs to create even more deep liquid markets during the non-U.S. hours that then could drive even faster pickup there?
Bryan Durkin: It's Bryan Durkin. Actually, we do have very specific programs for both the European markets, our Asian markets and our Latin American markets, and it has proven to be a very useful and productive tool as far as building partnering and drawing stickiness into our products. So you can expect to see a continuation of that model as we further develop our markets in each of those regions.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then it's my understanding that you're in the process of developing FX OTC clearing? So if you could just update us on the progress there? And I'm also wondering if your strategy is at all dependent on whether the regulators decide to include or exclude the FX forwards in the Dodd-Frank mandates?
Craig Donohue: Yes, why don't I tackle the last part of that and then let Bryan let you know where we stand in terms of our efforts. But I think just yesterday, in fact, but within the last couple of days, the CFTC in its proposals has sought to include FX options and swaps as instruments that would be subject to the mandatory clearing requirements. So that is consistent with what we have been expecting and what we have been planning for. The focus of the industry and of CME has not really been on the swap -- the spot and the forward market. So that's sort of where things stand. That's obviously something ultimately that is also subject to the determination of the treasury department in terms of their ability to exempt those instruments. But at least, preliminarily, the CFTC has sought to include them as swap or OTC derivative instruments that would be required to be cleared.
Bryan Durkin: And from a readiness perspective and the actual instruments that would be likely to clear OTC through our mechanism, we have been working very closely with the new base, both on the buy side and sell side, in developing our model and making sure that, from an operational perspective, that we have the facilities in place and the structure in place to accommodate the market readiness as we come to a closer definitive understanding of the regulatory environment. So we're not losing any time in that respect in terms of our preparedness in working with the marketplace in anticipation.
Operator: And next, we have Jonathan Casteleyn with Susquehanna.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Just on the new co-location revenue guidance, what are the expected margins on that $30 million to $40 million? And would you expect that to hit the bottom line next year?
James Parisi: We haven't said specifically what those margins are. I think in the early going, they'll be certainly lower than the margins in our existing business. But as we get up and running and start to fill the center out, we'll start to approach our margins over the longer run. So I wouldn't look for CME-like margin in the 2012. But after that, we'll start to approach that.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Okay, so you would expect to hit the bottom line next year I guess? Or will it be offset by new OpEx?
James Parisi: I think it will certainly be positive for the bottom line next year.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Okay, great. And then on the OTC product launch in May, 150 new products, it's a big number. Any sort of understanding of revenues and expenses into the second quarter?
James Parisi: I think it's the -- first of all, as with any new products, we tend to -- we do wave fees. So there is a fee waiver associated with the products that are being launched, I want to say it's roughly a six-month fee waiver, and there are some caps around that in terms of the amount of the contracts. So I wouldn't anticipate seeing any significant revenue in the immediate term. And typically, as you know, with any new offering, it does take a while for volumes to ramp up.
Craig Donohue: One of the beauties behind that model is the complementarity to our overall energy complex and our expectations in terms of further developing the trading, as well as the clearing services.
Operator: And next we have Niamh Alexander with KBW Brokerage.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Thanks for taking my questions. Can I touch on the OTC clearing in Europe? You're just about ready to launch that now. Is that primarily commodity sale? And can you talk to me about who your competition there will be? And then what other products are kind of contained in the pipeline for that?
Craig Donohue: Initially, we're going out with a large slate of OTC energy products. We're also offering the rapeseed oil and some other agricultural swaps that are in the pipeline, as well as metals. We are ultimately going to be moving forward with an interest rate swap product as well. And we're working, of course, very closely with our user base and the 15 client firms that have been helping us develop this offering in terms of additional product extension.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: And Bryan, can you help me understand, I mean, what's your offering versus the competitor? And my understanding is ICE is there and they might be selling different products. But for example, customers in Europe may already be in a position to net against the existing European clearinghouses. Is ICE and like [ph] -- should we think of those as the incumbent competitors for those services? And help me think about the capital efficiencies you could offer clients.
Bryan Durkin: I think that's a fair comparison. In particular, our client base are existing users of our other products, and they've definitely sought the ability and venue to be able to have a localized clearing facility. We think over time, we will see the benefits of capital efficiencies and margin offsets. That's our goal with respect to the broader set of asset classes that we represent.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Okay, fair enough. And if I could, just on the other subject of WTI and the Brent, and you've noted that your operations have been higher for so long, but it's also has for Brent this past quarter. But Dow Jones during the quarter had indicated that they were considering moving their index to Brent from WTI. And there's a lot of assets I guess married to that index. Help me think about the risk to WTI volume should that happen in 2012?
Bryan Durkin: Well, I think you have to look very closely at the overall liquidity and the transparency of the WTI market. The marketplace in itself does look to this as a benchmark in terms of pricing their risk. And so, when you take all of those factors into consideration and the fact that this product trades 2.5x greater than the Brent, as well as how the market is able to look to the actual pricing transparency of this contract, we feel very confident about continuing to build the complex overall. Those index weighting adjustments were, and we believe are, negligible.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next we'll go to Michael Carrier with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: Jamie, just on the market data, you mentioned, I think like a $5 million swing sequentially. And I just wanted to get any color on that in terms of what drove that, if it was all Dow Jones or if it was something else?
James Parisi: The total swing in market data was more in the neighborhood of $3 million. There was the swing in the Dow Jones which was in the neighborhood of $4 million to $5 million. But then it was offset a little bit. We did see a slight decrease in pickup in the number of terminals. So that aided to it a little bit. We're still feeling some of the effects as people are coming out of the recession and just being sure they're very efficient.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then one more on the International side. I guess, just with any other relationships that you guys have currently in place, anything in the next 12 months, whether it's new pricing initiatives or your relationships that could see a step up in the growth rate that you've been seeing? And then I guess just on the FX side, when you look at the increase in those volumes relative to the other products, any way to gauge like how much of that is being driven by users in the OTC market moving onto an exchange, just given that it's one of the more standardized products?
Craig Donohue: Yes, Mike, let me take the first part and ask Bryan to address the second part of that. I think you heard us comment during the call back that we're up 70% in terms of the business from South to North, if you will, in terms of our Brazil relationship. I think we also mentioned that as we now implement the new multi-asset class trading platform in Brazil that we'll see increased revenues associated with that. Obviously, we'll also see revenue growth from our other arrangements including continued volume growth at Bursa Malaysia derivatives and order routing revenues from Mexico. So I think you have to look at it kind of in the aggregate across each of these. They're small in relationship to our total revenues. But for the future, as we continue to build and expand on these and as we grow our global customer base, we obviously believe it's going to be material to us for the long run.
Bryan Durkin: With respect to the new users coming into utilizing the FX futures products, you are very astute to pick up on that phenomenon. I mean, it's definitely been an interest that has grown, particularly in the European sector where we have end users that had traditionally not looked towards our product and are moving their business onto the exchange-traded offering. So we're going to continue, obviously, penetrating those opportunities aggressively as part of our overall sales effort.
Operator: And next, from ISI Group, we have Brian Bedell.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc.: Maybe one short-term question, one longer-term one. On the shorter-term side, for the rate for the contract, if we assume a stable mix of volume in the second quarter and appreciating that volumes are at least down so far in April, what do you expect the member benefits to be, I guess, as we move into the quarter? I guess what I'm getting at is, should we expect the RPC for the individual lines, again assuming mix is constant, to be moving up if we have a softer volume period in the quarter? And then, if you could just highlight some more guaranteed volumes that you'd be getting same quarter since you have the treasury rolls [ph] and so on?
Craig Donohue: I can respond on the RPC side. Certainly, in a situation where you have a fixed product mix and you see -- if you were to see decreased volumes, you'd pick up some on the rate in terms of the tiering. On the member, nonmember mix, that's a harder one to call. That fluctuates around quarter-to-quarter. But generally speaking, it stays relatively constant over time.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc.: Right. So bottom line, we should see an improvement in RPC just given that -- if volumes are weaker in the second quarter?
Craig Donohue: All those the same. But as you know, there's a lot of other mix factors that come to play.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc.: Right. And then just the longer-term question, how would your international strategy change if NYSE Liffe ended up in either ICE's hands or if it ended up -- if the Deutsche Boerse in New York merger goes through? And what types of things are you doing now as the competitors are distracted internationally?
Craig Donohue: Well, again, I mean, I think we've been a leader in focusing on growth and developing in emerging markets. We certainly have more strategic investments and commercial linkage arrangements with major exchanges around the world. We're very focused on that. And I don't think that, that changes whether NASDAQ and ICE are successful in their efforts with New York Stock Exchange or whether New York Stock Exchange and Deutsche Boerse are successful in completing their transaction. Our focus is on expanding our global distribution network, acquiring more customers. And a big part of what we're doing through these partnerships is using them as a way to expand liquidity in our existing, very successful products into these time zones. And that just doesn't change by virtue of what various of our competitor organizations are doing.
Operator: Next, we have Matthew Heinz with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Matthew Heinz - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Just a little bit more on the international strategy, if you will. I know this has been covered in pretty good detail so far. But you've spoken a lot about the attractive growth opportunities you see in Asia but also the challenges in penetrating this market. Asia seems to be kind of a fairly broadly defined and fragmented market. And I guess I'd just be curious to hear your thoughts and maybe get some more granularity on how you plan to attack this opportunity in terms of specific countries, products and kind of whether you plan to open more of an on-the-ground store-front presence in China, India, Korea or whether you're still favoring that sort of cross routing arrangements that you have in place now? And then also, just some thoughts on how you plan to leverage the European clearinghouse with regard to your Asia strategy would be great?
Bryan Durkin: Sure, this is Bryan. First, I'll take our strategy in terms of covering that very broad landscape that you referenced. We have built up a large, I would say, central office of upwards of 35 professionals located out of Singapore. And that group has the responsibility of managing both the respective business lines that we represent, so all of the asset classes are represented there, as well as our client development and sales teams across all the client segments that we represent. So there is representation for the corporates, commercials, proprietary spendings, asset managers, hedge funds out of that region. They then have the responsibility of covering the broader Asia region and are complemented by assistance that we have from individuals that are stationed in China. We also have representation in Hong Kong. We're certainly looking to expand our resources in those particular regions as well to be able to have continuity and more boots on the ground on a day-to-day basis, both within Hong Kong, and I failed to mention Japan and China as well. So we put -- we've certainly invested, I would say, significantly in our human capital to be able to better penetrate these markets by where we have them strategically located. I think we are doing a fairly solid job of covering the landscape both in Korea, China, Japan, Taiwan and other sectors around there. Malaysia, I failed to mention as well. I think your other question was how you plan on leveraging European clearing and growing your Asian presence. Certainly, the suite of 150 products that we're going live with, again, we feel that, in particular, a number of these products should appeal particularly on the energy side, as well as we're hopeful in building up the interest on the agricultural side and starting out with the rapeseed oil.
Operator: And we have time for one final question from Rob Rutschow with CLSA.
Rob Rutschow - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Just a quick question on the RPC, a follow-up on RPC. I guess the sequential improvement in RPC and agriculture and maybe FX was a little better than it has been in the past. So does that point to a shift in the user base towards maybe some smaller or retail-type clients? And then as correlated to that, how would the non-U.S. activity impact RPC going forward?
James Parisi: Let me start with some of the higher level RPC impacts on those two, and maybe Bryan and Craig might want to weigh in. As we look at commodities, the sequential increase was really driven by -- it was across the board actually in terms of the various mix impacts, primarily in the nonmember/member mix. So we saw nonmembers growing a bit faster than members for the quarter versus last quarter. And additionally, we saw the product mix within ag also helped as we saw some of the higher contract or higher-priced contracts within the ag like wheat and livestock trade a bit faster than the other products within that suite. That's what kind of what drove on the commodities side. On the FX side, we saw an increase, a slight increase, and the nonmember mix helped drive it. But more so, we saw a shift where there was a shift in the type of contracts being traded. There's a small increase in the percentage of EFPs [exchange for physicals] that are traded in that market, which carry a very high rate per contract with them.
Rob Rutschow - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay. If I can follow up also on the M&A question. You stated pretty clearly you're not interested in sort of a stand-alone cash-equity-type business. And as we look overseas to some of the emerging markets, they tend to have more diversified businesses and they tend to also be monopolies. So in the event that you're looking outside of the U.S. with the acquisition target and are able to get something done, how does that monopoly characteristic play into your decision making? So if the equity market and a potential acquisition target is a monopoly, does that impact your decision making towards doing an acquisition?
Craig Donohue: I think, again, just to reiterate, we've said for quite some time now even before the more recent state of merges and acquisitions proposals that for the foreseeable future we're not really focused on large-scale mergers and acquisitions transactions. So with that caveat, I guess my answer to that would be we're always going to be cognizant of the quality of the businesses and the competitive dynamics that those businesses face and -- among many other factors in making decisions like that. But in the past, when we've made those comments, we've clearly reflected that you have a hypercompetitive environment in at least the U.S. and European equity markets and equity options markets, and, in general, a very difficult time establishing and maintaining a sustainable competitive advantage or differentiation because the products themselves are not innovative. So that would be one factor among many, many other factors that we would consider as we approach those types of opportunity.
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer session for today. I will now turn the call back to Craig Donohue for closing remarks.
Craig Donohue: Well, I know we've gone a little bit long, but we want to thank you for joining us today. And we certainly look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference, and we thank you for participating.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: James Parisi - Chief Financial Officer and Managing Director of Finance & Corporate Development John Peschier - Managing Director of Investor Relations Terrence Duffy - Executive Chairman, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee Craig Donohue - Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Marketing & Public Relations Advisory Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee
Analysts: Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc. Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank Rob Rutschow - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Christopher Allen - Banc of America Securities. Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG Richard Repetto - Sandler O`Neill Kenneth Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG Daniel Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Jason Shum Matthew Heinz - Jefferies & Company Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good day, everyone and Welcome to the CME Group Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time for opening remarks and introductions, it's my pleasure to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier: Thank you, and thank you all for joining us this morning. Craig Donohue, our CEO; and Jamie Parisi, our CFO will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the fourth quarter and then we will open up the call for your questions. Terry Duffy, our Chairman, is also here this morning.  Before they begin I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the accompanying slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements.  More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent forms 10-K and 10-Q, which are available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. During this call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP results. A reconciliation is available in our press release as well as within an income statement trend file in the IR portion of the site, which contains historical quarterly results on a GAAP basis.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Craig.
Craig Donohue: Thank you, John. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the CME Group Fourth Quarter Earnings Call.  For the quarter, CME Group posted solid results of $763 million of revenue and $458 million of operating income with an operating margin of 60%. I'll let Jamie get into the details on the financial results, while I'll take an opportunity to talk about the big picture environment for CME Group and our customers.  For the entire financial services industry, the past two years have been filled with challenges and uncertainty on many fronts. I think we can all agree that there is still a fair amount of uncertainty ahead but as I look back on CME Group's response to this environment, I see remarkable progress.  We've consistently worked to support the users of our core products, provide fact-based analysis and insight on prevailing market conditions and look for opportunities to develop new products. This work has enabled us to launch exciting new products such as the Ultra Bond Treasury futures, which traded 34,000 contracts per day in January and which provide a variety of new and useful analytical tools to our customers.  In turn, these allow us to have more meaningful conversations with market participants about their trading needs and continue to evolve new offerings for our customers. We've worked with regulators, customers and service providers to develop and launch a cleared over-the-counter interest rate swaps offering, which has cleared over $980 million since launch. We are in what we consider very early stages with this offering but we are pleased to note that the necessary operational and risk management frameworks are functioning robustly as evidenced by the cleared activity to date and early participation has come from a diverse group of firms.  Since our initial launch, we've added two new clearing firms, RBS and Wells Fargo, highlighting the positive reception the offering is getting from market participants. We received all necessary approvals for the launch of CME Clearing Europe, an offering which provides us with long-term strategic flexibility in our efforts to meet our global customers' needs. We are on track to begin clearing nearly 100 over-the-counter energy products later this year. And from there, we will expand to other over-the-counter and listed products. Approximately 20 firms are currently in talks to participate in the offering, including potential clearing members and customers.  We built upon years of education in Washington to call for a measured approach to financial regulation, one that doesn't create unintended consequences and doesn't put U.S. markets at a disadvantage. We recognize that while exchange-traded markets largely will see fairly minimal impacts from Dodd-Frank, regulations for the over-the-counter markets are ongoing. We continue to advocate not just for our benefit but for sound, economically rational regulation.  2011 will be a determinative year in this process and we are committed to the high level of engagement that we've shown so far.  We bolstered our products and services capabilities and our global reach by a multiple strategic initiative. For example, we added Dow Jones Index Services to our product family and Elysian services to our technology suite. On the global front, we deepened our BM&FBOVESPA relationship by initiating a joint multi-asset class platform development effort. Beyond BM&F, we launched or expanded relationships with multiple global partners, including Bursa Malaysia, Nikkei Inc., the National Stock Exchange of India and Bolsa Mexicana. Combined, these efforts help to expand our global membership and clearing membership base and generate opportunities in markets outside the U.S. where we believe customer acquisition initiatives can generate significant long-term growth for us.  Throughout all of these strategic efforts, we further strengthened CME Group's strong financial position by paying down debt and we laid the groundwork for the ongoing return of capital to our shareholders, which Jamie will discuss in more detail.  I'll now provide a few key product highlights for the year. The interest rate complex ended the year up 28%. While this impressive growth was obviously off a down year, we feel that many of the trends in 2010 signal that macroeconomic conditions are continuing to support a more active interest rate environment.  We talked before about how treasuries have seen higher rates of growth in Eurodollars as volatility has come back into the long end of the curve. This is consistent with activity we saw during the prior extended period of Fed inactivity from June 2003 to May 2004. Treasuries in 2009 were 43% of total interest rate volume and in 2010, were 48%.  FX had a record breakout year with 47% growth, continuing a trend of being one of the fastest-growing segments in the global FX market. Ongoing price volatility for physical commodities has created a strong volume environment in agricultural commodities, energy and metals as expectations for increasing global demand continued to grow.  Average daily volume for metals was up 40% for the year and agricultural commodities were up 23%. Energy average daily volume was up 11% for the year with crude and refined products up 21%. Natural gas markets have experienced very low volatility given the increased northeast shale production and average daily volume in these products was up 2%. The energy complex posted strong growth of 22% for January as well with 47% volume growth in our WTI products. This strong volume reflects the world energy markets reliance on WTI as an indicator of global macroeconomic fundamentals.  We were particularly pleased to announce new daily volume records in our benchmark WTI futures and options contracts, which traded a combined 1.7 million contracts on January 28 with WTI options posting a second consecutive record on the following trading day as well.  In the fourth quarter, volume during non-U.S. hours represented 16% of our Globex volume, the highest percentage quarterly we've seen so far as it grew 33% compared to Q4 of '09. We saw considerable strength in interest rates and agricultural products during the overnight period, up 38% and 107%, respectively.  It's exciting to see the liquidity deepen throughout the entire day and we are poised to build on that liquidity by introducing our globally relevant products to new customers around the world.  I'll close my comments today with a brief update on regulation and the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act. As you know, the CFTC is working towards its July deadline for enacting rules in support of Dodd-Frank. As things now stand, there are numerous open issues, many of which are to a large degree intertwined.  However, as I mentioned earlier, it is important to note that most of these issues are specific to the over-the-counter markets with very minimal impacts expected for exchange-traded markets. We are supportive of measures that will reduce systemic risk while preserving the flexibility and customization of over-the-counter markets, which allow them to serve customers and provide innovation.  We anticipate that given the July deadline, we'll have much more clarity on key issues by that time. In general, a significant focus of our work in Washington is to ensure that proposals currently advanced do not impose excessive compliance costs and other burdens on market participants. It is critical to the health and competitiveness of the U.S. markets that we avoid unnecessary and overly prescriptive regulation. We will continue to work actively with regulators and market participants towards these ends.  To summarize, in this area of significant change in financial services, CME Group has been successful at not only building our business for the future but also with contributing to the regulatory process and laying the foundation for our customers to move their own businesses forward under the evolving market frameworks. We see good indications that the fundamental drivers of the core business will help us sustain growth. And we are optimistic about the long-term prospects for our development of over-the-counter and global initiatives.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jamie to discuss the financials. Thank you
James Parisi: Thanks, Craig. CME Group posted solid fourth quarter financial results with average daily volume of 12 million contracts per day, up 17% versus Q4 of last year, driving a 14% increase in revenue to $763 million.  There are a couple of items included in our GAAP results that I'd like to walk through. First, our GAAP tax expense included a $51.3 million non-cash charge to record a deferred tax liability re-evaluation due to revised state tax apportionment estimates. These changes and estimates are normal course and occur each year once we have completed and analyzed our annual tax returns in various jurisdictions.  On a related note, in the first quarter of this year, preliminary estimates indicate that the impact of the recently passed Illinois income tax increase will result in a non-recurring re-evaluation of our deferred tax liabilities of roughly $5 million.  Second, our GAAP non-operating expense for Q4 included $8.6 million, resulting from the acceleration of hedge expenses from 2011 associated with the early payoff of our term loan, which we mentioned in a press release earlier this month. As a result, we will see a decrease in our interest expense going forward, which I'll touch on later. Excluding these two items, Q4 net income would have been $253 million and diluted EPS would have been $3.77.  Turning to revenues. The overall rate per contract for the fourth quarter was $0.813, up slightly from the third quarter, driven by offsetting mixed factors. On a full year basis, average daily volume was up 19% while the average rate was down 3%.  Market data revenue of $104 million for the quarter was up from the third quarter, due in part to a favorable audit assessment. Subscribers to CME, CBOT and NYMEX data decreased somewhat in Q4 with the total terminal count decreasing to 379,000.  Overall for the year, we saw increased revenue as the price increase instituted at the beginning of 2010 had a greater impact than the decrease in reported terminals.  I'll now take a few minutes to review expenses. Drilling into Q4, compensation and benefits was $120 million. Within compensation, we booked $3.7 million of non-recurring expense related to a voluntary self-audit of our employee classification levels. The fourth quarter bonus accrual totaled $22.2 million, higher than we expected at the beginning of the quarter due to stronger-than-anticipated Q4 volumes and operating income.  Stock-based compensation increased sequentially due to our annual grant which occurs in mid-September. At the end of the year, our overall headcount stood at 2,570, an increase of 50 people during the fourth quarter, reflecting our continued investment in growth opportunities, including the acquisition of Elysian.  Excluding subsidiary employees, our total 2010 employee bonus was $67 million, which came in at the midpoint of our 2010 bonus guidance of $54 million at target and $82 million at maximum.  Turning to 2011, our target bonus is $67 million, including subsidiaries.  During the fourth quarter, we saw a $9 million sequential increase in professional fees due to higher OTC and European clearing expenses, increased regulatory costs related to Dodd-Frank as well as expenses related to the acquisition of Elysian.  In terms of 2011, we expect total expenses to increase to approximately $1.26 billion assuming our target bonus payout up from the $1.17 million last year, which included the $20.5 million impairment we booked in Q2 2010. Of the $110 million annual expense increase, about half is tied to our existing core business, which has annual expense growth of roughly 5%. This is down from core expense growth in 2010 of approximately 8%. The other half of the annual increase is related to higher spending on growth initiatives.  These include co-location, higher OTC costs due primarily to operationalizing our offerings, the development of our multi-asset class trading platform with BM&FBOVESPA, the building of our European clearinghouse and costs to create an enhanced front end for energy trading with our acquisition of Elysian in December.  In the non-operating income and expense category, the interest rate hedge acceleration drove expenses higher as previously mentioned. In terms of 2011 guidance, we expect interest rate expense to drop to approximately $31 million in the first quarter and then approximately $30 million each quarter thereafter. Our effective tax rate in Q4 was 42% excluding the tax-related charge I mentioned earlier.  Looking ahead, due to the announced increase in the Illinois corporate income tax rate, which is retroactive to the beginning of the year, we expect our effective tax rate in 2011 to increase slightly to approximately 43% excluding any deferred tax liability re-evaluations.  Capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances totaled $77 million in the fourth quarter, driven primarily by work on our co-location and data center facilities. CapEx for the year totaled $176 million. In 2011, we expect to spend approximately $180 million on capital.  2010 was a record cash earnings year with CME Group generating $1.1 billion. During the year, we paid down debt of $300 million, paid dividends of $305 million and added to our cash balances to accommodate our various OTC and international clearing efforts.  At the end of the fourth quarter, we had approximately $900 million of cash and marketable securities on our balance sheet. As many of you are aware, our dividend policy is tied to the prior year's cash earnings total.  The CME Group Board of Directors recently approved amending our existing dividend policy to increase our dividend payout from approximately 30% of prior year's cash earnings to approximately 35%, subject as always, to the Board's approval and declaration. This is an initial step in the capital structure plan we highlighted during our second quarter earnings call. Based on our 2010 results, this change is expected to increase our regular dividend by more than 20%. We intend to announce the next quarterly dividend later this month following our February board meeting. The early pay down of our $420 million term loan originally due in August 2011 will position us to reach our targeted level of one-time debt to EBITDA sooner as we pay down outstanding commercial paper.  In addition to the regular dividend increase, we will consider other forms of capital return, likely in the second half of the year, which will potentially include some combination of opportunistic share buybacks and special dividends.  One last point. We have adjusted our planned minimum cash levels to $700 million from $500 million based on fine-tuning our estimates of expected guarantee fund commitment for the OTC initiatives we are involved in and our initial commitment to CME Clearing Europe based on its recent approval by the FSA.  Turning to recent volumes. Our ADV was 12.3 million contracts in January, up 10% compared to the prior year with our commodity-related products, agricultural, energy and metal driving most of the growth.  We will now open up the call for your questions. In order to get to everyone, we are limiting all of you to one question and one follow-up, and then please feel free to get back in the queue as time permits.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill. Vis
Richard Repetto - Sandler O`Neill: I guess the first question, Jamie, is on the expenses. You broke it out and gave us some detail on the $110 million increase. I guess the $55 million or half toward the new initiatives, what do you expect as far as revenue offsets for that $55 million?
James Parisi: I think, Rich, there's a couple of items there. On the platform that we're developing with BM&F, the multi-asset trading platform, as you know, we've got about $10 million of revenue this year from them to help codevelop that. We anticipate about $15 million in 2011 for those same efforts and about another $5 million in 2012 related to that. Also, co-lo [co-locations] is an other obvious area of expenditure for us in the current year. And we've said that revenue from that will start in 2012 in the neighborhood of $30 million to $40 million in that first year. And then going forward, clearly, we are investing heavily in our OTC efforts where we do expect to generate revenues but we haven't quantified those yet.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O`Neill: So I guess -- this isn't my follow-up, but it's fair to say that those initiative,s, you expect a good amount of revenue offsets from them? Just -- those numbers you just gave me?
James Parisi: Absolutely. I mean that's -- we're spending on growth. And over the long-term, the reason for doing that is to generate that revenue going forward.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O`Neill: And then my follow-up would be I guess for Craig and Terry. Craig, you made some comments about the OTC and the rule-making process at the CFTC. It seems like it's going down the route of being highly prescriptive. And I guess just to get some color from your perspective on how you see the process going and what are the things that you are most focused on that you think that they got right or that may need some adjustments after the comment period?
Craig Donohue: Well, I'll just start by saying that I think there's an awful lot of stuff, if you're following this, that is coming out in terms of the proposed rule makings. We're commenting very extensively on those. So I don't think I can encapsulate in a very brief answer sort of how we're viewing those different things. In general, most of the focus is obviously on creating a rational and efficient scheme for mandatory clearing, as well as for the trading of swaps that are required to be cleared. We, like everybody else, is paying close attention to that. So in general, I mean I would say that this is a process. The industry has commented. We've been very highly aligned in our commentary with most of our significant customers as well as with other industry stakeholders that have been commenting, including most of the major trade associations. So I think we have a fairly conventional point of view. If you look at the FIA and SEF and others that have been commenting, for the most part, we're highly aligned with them. Most of us support the core principles of what they're trying to do in terms of improving transparency and reducing systemic risk. And we're just trying to work as an industry to find a way to do that where it's not disruptive to the existing kind of business models or efficiency of doing business.
James Parisi: And just Rich, to add to that a little bit, I just got back from Washington last week, and they are going to hold upcoming hearings on the 10th and the 15th. The 10th will be in the Ag committee and the 15th in the financial services committee, both on the House side and this is one of the topics they want to discuss about the implementation of the 240 rules that have been put forward and is it feasible to get all those enacted in the timeframe possible. What are the costs associated with doing that and what is the competitiveness of doing that and are we putting forth some rules that will hurt U.S. institutions. So I think that you've seen Congress, since the election, take note of the Dodd-Frank Act and all these rules being written. And now, they're going to hold hearings to bring not only the regulators in there but folks like ourselves to get our opinion as this process unfolds.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O`Neill: It seems like it's very hard to keep your arms around on the things that are going on because there is so much and the whole thing may change.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank: Just wanted to start briefly on the competitive environment. Obviously, a new competitor has evolved here that just got regulatory approval, NYP,C and why does he like U.S., NYSE Liffe U.S. And just wanted to see what your most recent thoughts are there. When we talk to market participants, it seems like there's a little bit more drive and urgency than we've seen in some of the previous attempts. And I think you, yourself have said that they have a value proposition and might have a competing end to what they're trying to do. So any update there would be interesting.
Craig Donohue: Sure, Alex. I'll be happy to comment on that. First of all just to clarify, I think what you were referring to was they've received approval for their DCL application. They still need approval for the actual cross margining proposal between cash treasury and treasury futures contracts. I guess what I would do is just repeat what I think we've said before, which is that we certainly view this as an effective competitor. We do take this very seriously. Having said that, we have very, very deep liquidity, very low transaction and frictional costs, excellent technology, very strong customer relationships and extremely low pricing for liquidity providers and high-volume traders in our treasury and Eurodollar futures contracts. And I think like in most cases in the global futures and options industry, developing liquidity to compete with a very highly efficient existing pool of liquidity is always difficult. As well, I think most people tend not to make actual trading decisions on the basis of the capital, the efficiency. And I think you can't view the capital efficiency in isolation because by definition, if you wanted to optimize for cash treasury and treasury futures, you would be self-optimizing for the portfolio margining benefits and cross margining benefits of including CBOT treasury futures and the broader portfolio of CME Group products. So we're looking at it very carefully. We have our own proposals that we are working on to enhance the margin offsets for customers who are active in both the cash treasury and treasury futures markets. So as always, we'll be a vigorous competitor with people who compete with us.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank: Then just a very quick one on the OTC side, you obviously just launched the European or are intending to, to have something on the clearinghouse side in Europe. It sounds like you started talking to the industry a little bit about Asia too. And I'm hearing that you might be actually having plans for a clearinghouse in Asia. So anything you could tell us about that already? It seems like Asia is much more fragmented when it comes to regulatory considerations and it might be hard to choose a location to do something. So anything there, in your Asia plan in general obviously would be helpful.
Craig Donohue: Sure. I would say generally, the establishment of CME Clearing in Europe, which we're very pleased now to have received all of the necessary regulatory approvals, is really a reflection of our commitment to serving our customers' needs on a global basis. We happen to have a very global customer base. Some of whom have a preference for clearing in Europe versus in the U.S. I mentioned during the call that we have strong initial indications from a variety of traditional clearing member firms as well as energy companies for the suite of energy products, which we will be first making available in CME Clearing Europe. And so while I can't comment on things that we haven't done yet in terms, of the aspect of your question that touches on Asia, we're clearly committed to being a global provider of services to our customers and our focus right now is on CME Clearing Europe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG: Craig, just to dig a little deeper on your capital efficiency comment. What's the status of the cross margining agreement between futures and your rate swap clearing efforts? And when do you think we'll expect to get approval there, if we don't have it already.
Craig Donohue: Well, obviously, one of the important things that we're going to be striving for is the ability to provide margin offsets between highly correlated futures contracts and the related swap contracts. And certainly, eurodollar futures and treasury note and bond futures and options and interest rate swaps is an important aspect of that. Right now, I think it's fair to say, Howard, that things are in a state of flux because of the larger kind of rule makings and sort of structural framework that the CFTC is developing for how swap positions should be held at the account level, and how the kind of risk management and default management procedure should work for swap customers versus futures customers. So I'm afraid that it's not as simple as just us making that sort of application because they're sorting out some fairly major structural issues in the manner in which swap positions are going to be held and cleared and margins. So as that gets sorted out over the next several months, we will be like all other industry participants, in a better position to seek and hopefully, gain the ability to provide that cross margin benefit.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG: And then switching over to the expense guidance, I think one of the challenges at this time of the year is always gauging the relative level of conservatism as we actually don't know your cash targets. But maybe it would be a helpful exercise, I don't know if you agree, if you could discuss in hindsight what your projections coming into 2010 were that really got you to the expense budget that you ultimately ratcheted it up in the middle of the year, clearly with that year now behind us?
James Parisi: As we looked at 2010, I think early on, Howard, our guidance for the year was $1.1 billion of expense. We came in about $70 million higher than that. And really, that was due to a few things, in particular the acquisition of Dow and Elysian contributed to that as did the BM&F co-development effort. And then as we came in towards the end of the year and we had a very solid fourth quarter, our bonuses came in at a better-than-target level so that added to it as well. So and then there were some other one-time things that was a little bit smaller throughout the quarter that we've highlighted along the way. So at any point in time, we try to give you our very best estimate and that's what we've done this time through. And just don't forget that we are investing as we look at the $1.26 billion that we put out there as guidance for this year. A good part of the increase there is tied to those investment and growth opportunities, the OTC.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG: Just to add one clarification, Jamie, just understanding you did Dow Jones and there's a couple other newer things. But if I just look back at 2010 at the core, and say that the franchise had 19% volume growth, was that better, much better, in line with sort of the original expectations coming into the year? Is that a question that you can answer?
James Parisi: I can answer -- let's talk a little bit on the expense side. The core came in at about 8% higher versus the prior year and don't forget that one of the things that we're facing on the core expense side was a very tough comp in 2009 because we had cut back significantly on much of the discretionary expense in that year as we were buckling down during the economic crisis. From an expected volume growth, I think you can see that because we beat our bonus target, that we came in a little bit higher than we had expected for 2010.
Operator: Michael Carrier with Deutsche Bank has our next question.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: Jamie, one other question just on the expenses. I guess when we look at -- and this is more the core versus the new initiatives. But on the core, like how sensitive would that be? Let's just say that we're assuming average volume growth of, I don't know 10%, 12%, 14%. So if it is a little bit lighter or if it's a little bit stronger, how much operating leverage do you have or how much flexibility do you have more on the core expenses versus the new initiatives?
James Parisi: I think there's a couple of areas that are going to flex naturally with volumes, right. We've talked about those before so the bonus is going to flex as volumes are the key driver of our bottom line and our cash earnings. So that'll flex a bit and you'll also see our license and fee-sharing arrangements line flex as well with volumes. So keep those in mind. And then if we were to, for whatever reason have a challenging year on the volume side and you saw what we were able to do 2009, and we'd look to do something similar.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: In the energy market, it seems like on the WTI product suite the options have seen more strength relative to the past, just wondering if there is something new there? Different customer base, just any color that you can provide there?
Craig Donohue: We weren't sure we caught the last question. You're asking about the strengths of WTI options?
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: Right.
Craig Donohue: I don't know if there's anything in particular to say there. Obviously, we've had very strong growth in both futures and options. We've had very significant participation from the commercial participants in the market. But beyond that, it's not something I can speculate on.
James Parisi: I think when you see prices doing what they're doing in the energy markets, we've got a significant up in the market. A lot of strategy-type transactions which happen in options tend to go up in volume when you see markets either highs or lows or whatever you want to assume they're at. So I don't see this as an unusual phenomenon and other than people are just taking great faith in our products for starters, but you do see this happen when prices go one way or another significantly. It takes strategy positions and options.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co: First question is on the BM&F, it looks like volumes in December were about 35,000 contracts a day north, south versus a peak of 214,000 contracts a day in the middle of the year. What are the issues here? And I guess what I'm really after is if there's a read-through to the other exchanges, with which you have or are building trading relationships with?
James Parisi: I think the key driver that you're seeing there is as we've introduced new traders to BM&F through the order routing, some of them become significant enough that they then decide to go and hook up directly with BM&F and not go through Globex. And we worked with BM&F so that they recognize all volume introduced from CME. So in some of that growth, some of the volumes that you're seeing there, that decrease in volume is just due to that. But we are seeing I think good strong growth overall.
Kenneth Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And are you getting paid for when they go direct as opposed to going through Globex or was that what you were trying to imply with your comments?
James Parisi: Yes.
Kenneth Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then just update on ClearPort, the volumes fell, I'm sure there's some stuff going on in the power side which may be affecting it, but any update there because the volume change was striking?
James Parisi: I think it was due to the small power contracts and that's evidenced as you look at the average rate per contract for ClearPort went up a bit over from quarter-to-quarter as well. And nat gas as well, some of that volume has gone from ClearPort over to the exchange traded. For the year, we had a record, don't forget, record revenues from ClearPort of over $300 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just to clarify one more thing on the expense side and more on the revenue opportunities on Slide 13. You highlight the growth initiatives and it looks like, based on what you have said, that only one of those is going to really contribute to revenues in 2011? Just trying to get a sense of timing as associated with these new initiatives on the top line.
James Parisi: Yes, it's certainly on the co-development effort with BM&F that will impact us for the current year. OTC, we would anticipate getting some revenue in the current year. Co-location, you're right, is more of a 2012 item. And Elysian, we get a little bit of revenue from that and really, that's more of a play to add some functionality that we hadn't had before.
Daniel Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then I guess a little bit of color on your OTC interest rate swap offering that's been out now and wondering what some of the feedback has been from customers. You've announced a few more since we've heard from you last in the third quarter and wondering if we should expect to hear more customer additions and kind of what generally they're saying after a few months?
Craig Donohue: Well, I think we'll just say what we've said before. I mean, this is a process. The whole industry is still awaiting the final rule makings, which are going to drive a lot of the final determinations about choices of clearinghouses and clearinghouse structures. And so in general, I would say, we still have a very high level of engagement with the end-user community and the swap dealer community around our offering. I think we have put in place a very effective capability that is being used and has proven itself to be effective. But this is a process, and I think it's going to take time still for people to react to the final scheme once it's developed and in place. So nothing major, new to report but I think the fact that we have large financial institutions as we commented on during the call, continuing to become involved with us, I think it's a very positive development.
Terrence Duffy: I think also one of the things you are seeing is there are hearings coming up. There has been some rumblings about end-user exemptions and I think people are waiting to see if that's going to bleed off into other products and clearing of these products. But it's been clear, I think on both sides of the aisle, they do not want to attack the Dodd-Frank portion of this. It requires clearing of standardized OTC interest rate contracts. So what we may look at is some of the end-user exemptions and some people may be just waiting to hear what the final results of those upcoming hearings are that I mentioned earlier in February. So other than that, I think it's just as Craig said, more of a waiting game.
Operator: Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital has our next question.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: I guess I had a question on just on the $200 million increase in sort of minimum cash tied to the European clearinghouse. As you think about the U.S. side, are you kind of clear at this point? Because there were some changes that the CFTC was proposing there about what -- if there's going to be any additional capital requirement on that. Is that why the stock buyback or special dividend is a, maybe second half event?
James Parisi: No, it's really -- the European clearinghouse was a piece of our thinking around that $700 million. The other piece of it is just as we go through the various OTC opportunities, what we think that we're going to need in terms of our skin in the game for those opportunities, that's what's driving that.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Just to clarify it, could that say covers what you're thinking on the U.S. there?
James Parisi: Yes.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Last question, if I can get a handle on increase in costs, of that $55 million increase, on the growth, the opportunities side, how much of that -- what percent of that is tied to clearing, U.S., Europe, Dodd-Frank, regulatory? And what is the nature of that increase? Is it mostly, I mean is it legal, is it operational, quotes, is it financial, professionals around margining, et cetera?
James Parisi: If you look at it, we're spending probably on our platform and our co-development platform probably in the neighborhood of $28 million. Co-lo, we're probably in the $15 million range. Elysian, a little over $10 million. OTC, probably in $40 million to $50 million range. So it's across the board and it's all tied to growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Niamh Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Can I just touch back on the growth opportunities? It was a big subject for the investors a lot of last year. How do we look at organic growth from here? And how many times -- you talked before about re-engineering the whole product and sales teams kind of away from product focus towards client focus? And you saw more opportunity to kind of expand some energy products and FX. How is that progressing? Is there anything anecdotal you can share with us or is there any numerics you can share with us kind of the fruits of that effort?
Craig Donohue: Well, I think we're making very good progress. I mean this is a big change in the way that we organize ourselves to both acquire new customers and to better support our existing customers. Under Bryan Durkin's leadership, he's I think done a very effective job at getting this structured in a fairly short amount of time. And I think it's leading to a much better kind of focus on the part of our customer-facing resources to really kind of focus on new client segments and also selling the broader range of CME Group products and services to our existing customers. Anecdotally, I think that already we've received incredibly positive feedback from our customer base. But as importantly, we've begun to see customers working with us to adopt a broader range of products than they might have otherwise been using at least to say our discretionary traders, proprietary trading groups and hedge funds and those that have a natural inclination to expand the range of products that they're able to trade. So this is all still very new, but I think it's an important step forward for us and it really does give us more leverage. It's better for us to have people who can interface with customers across the broad range of products and services that we provide rather than a single product. So it's the right step for us, it's going to help us to, I think, achieve a better growth opportunity on a global basis than we could under the old paradigm. But this is only several months old at this point, so we'll have more I think to share with you as time goes by.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: And then if I could ask on the technology platform that you're building for exchanges and I know you've kind of allocated some expense to it and the expense increase. But how far long are you, do you think, in the development of the whole equity futures platform, is it something that you could actually go out and start, not necessarily selling, but using it as part of an introductory tool with some of these other exchanges that you haven't really approached yet?
Craig Donohue: Well, it's a phased initiative and so we'll be developing several, let's think of them as modules for the different market segments starting with the Derivative segment, and then cash equities and fixed income. So all in all, this will take us into 2011 until the full multi-asset class capabilities are developed and then implemented in the Brazilian market. And I think we've been clear to say that the multi-asset class trading capability for us is really likely to be more of a strategic partnership kind of tool. Where we have important strategic partnerships around the world, we'd like to use the common technology platform rather than to think of it as sort of us becoming a technology vendor, which really is not within our sights. But I think the best answer to your question is probably 2012 before we're in a position to really use that in that way.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jillian Miller with BMO Capital Markets.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets: I just wanted to follow-up on Elysian. I kind of sense that you were alluding to this earlier but it sounds like you view this as more of an add-on service to facilitate your Customer Clearing business and compliance rather than say, an independent moneymaker. Is that fair to say?
James Parisi: Yes, it's definitely an add-on functionality to help us on the front end and bring more customers to our energy market.
Jillian Miller - BMO Capital Markets: Do you have a timeline for when that straight through process might be available to the ClearPort users?
James Parisi: We're working on it feverishly and we haven't put any timelines out there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Allen with Evercore.
Christopher Allen - Banc of America Securities.: Just wanted to follow-up on Roger's question, around the $700 million. Obviously, European clearing and over-the-counter, that's going to take a little bit of time to build out. How do we think about the cash balances? Is it necessary to hold the $700 million right now? Could it build the opportunity to become more apparent? And then also, how did the paydown of debt impact the cash balances as some of that was funded with CP?
James Parisi: You know, the $700 million right now is our best estimate. It's hard to say exactly when you may need it so we want to target having that. It's just our conservative nature. So there's that. And then as you noted at the end of the year, we had about $905 million of cash on hand. We did issue some commercial paper at the beginning of this year as we got rid of the $420 million bank loan, we issued probably about $300 million of commercial paper when we did that. So we did use some of that cash towards that. And then we do have some cash outlays in the beginning of the year like the bonus and taxes and that sort of thing. So I would just stick with the $700 million as our target for what we want to have on there as far as cash goes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Heinz with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Matthew Heinz - Jefferies & Company: Just a quick question on the capital return. How are you thinking about that from a total payout ratio, kind of all in with the buyback, regular dividend and special dividend? And do you plan to fund that strictly with free cash flow? Or are you willing to dip in your cash balances a little bit?
James Parisi: What I've said is we want to maintain that $700 million on the balance sheet and the other aspect of this is we're not going to go out and issue debt in order to return capital. We want to get to that one-time debt to EBITDA level and remain there and to maintain our AA rating. So I think from that perspective in terms of the mix between whether it's buyback or special dividend, it's going to depend on the circumstances at the time. We're going to look to do opportunistic buybacks and look at whether or not it makes sense to use special dividend as a point in time where we have the cash to return.
Matthew Heinz - Jefferies & Company: I'm curious to hear your thoughts on the potential convergence of GAAP and IFRS accounting and how that could impact your customers' desires to, I guess accelerate the OTC clearing, given the potential gross up of derivatives?
James Parisi: That's one I'll have to get back to you on. I'm going go do some further research on that. I don't know that there's that much of an impact from driving that business, but I'll get back to you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Bedell with ISI Group.
Brian Bedell - ISI Group Inc.: Just a couple of real quick ones, first on the cleared energy contracts, the 100 contracts that you mentioned, Craig, just with the timing of launch of those contracts are during the year. And then secondly, whether you're starting to see any traction of customers increasingly using the futures over the versus over-the-counter derivatives and how those conversations are going?
Craig Donohue: Sure. We're working on the actual physical launch of the cleared energy contracts through CME Clearing Europe. I think I mentioned that we have a substantial number of firms are kind of working with us to establish their clearing capabilities. So I'm hoping that, that's something that we're going to achieve in the kind of near term here during the year but there's some more work to be done. We haven't actually announced a date but we will. On the second question, we have definitely seen some customers. And I don't want to overstate that but some customers have definitely either commented to us or we feel have begun to migrate somewhat toward the futures markets as they've been thinking about the regime that will likely apply to them in terms of their swap business. I think it's too soon to have really put any kind of confidence interval on that in terms of what it really means. But yes, we have seen some customers who've adopted futures and I think that's a positive sign.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Shum with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jason Shum: Just two quick questions if I can, one, I just want to get a sense on these growth initiatives. Any color in terms of timeline or product launches that you guys are expecting within this year? I know Elysian from the presentation it seems enhanced front-end for energy. So I'm not sure if you guys are rolling out new products for this platform? And then second question, I noticed for the last three quarters, the screens for market data were sort of flat. But this quarter, it fell a little. I just want to get a sense of what happened there.
Craig Donohue: Bryan Durkin, I think if you are able to, you might want to comment first on the Elysian. And if not, I'll be happy to do it. Okay, I'm going to do it because Bryan is stranded in London and apparently can't. Yes, the focus for Elysian initially is for the energy market and the energy customer base. But ultimately, we are viewing Elysian as a really valuable tool for providing that kind of front-end connectivity and market model, if you will, for the broader set of OTC customers that we currently have, and expect to have as we go through this kind of fundamental shift in the market toward swap execution facilities and central counterparty clearing. So it is going to be both but the initial focus is very much on energy. And Jamie, do you want to comment on the second part?
James Parisi: Sure. On the screen counts, Jason, down a bit versus the prior quarter. We've seen a decline in counts coming out of the economic crisis as people are looking to become -- to be as efficient as they can on their expense side. So you got that aspect of it. But also, we have different offerings in our market data area. There's enterprise licenses as one example. So if you see some shifts between and amongst that you might see changes in the stream counts, so some of it is due to that as well.
Jason Shum: So would you say at this point, the economics for I guess the other data products that you have, that's really where the growth is?
James Parisi: The growth that we've seen in the revenue this year is really tied to some of those smaller offerings but primarily to the increase in the price that we instituted at the beginning of the year. So, and I've got to ask, if we could limit everybody to one question going forward so we can give everybody a chance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Casteleyn with Susquehanna.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Craig, you talked about a potential negligible impact on exchange traded markets from Dodd-Frank but I'm just wondering from your perspective, is a more restricted OTC market, is that good or bad for the exchange-traded marketplace?
Craig Donohue: Well, I mean obviously, we're not in favor of anything that would restrict the OTC market regardless of what its impact on CME Group is. I think it's an effective market that serves a particular need for customers for certain kinds of very specific hedging and risk transfer tools. So as a kind of a philosophical matter, we're not in favor of that. But I would say generally speaking, I'm not envisioning that the current regime is going to restrict the value of highly standardized swaps that are already being done. And the correlation between the exchange markets and illicit markets tend to be in the more standardized swaps versus the very esoteric kinds of contracts. So if there's an impact, it's likely to be on the more exotic swaps. Exchange-traded products are generally not the natural hedge for residual risks in those kinds of products. So I don't expect that even if the regulatory framework is somehow going to constrain activity or growth in the more complex or exotic portion of the swaps market it shouldn't really have much of an effect on the exchange-listed markets. But again, this is all a question of where the regulators come out on a lot of these different questions. And I don't think I can give you a perfect answer to that right now but that's in general how we think about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Rutschow with CLSA.
Rob Rutschow - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: We've been hearing some rumblings that you may be subject to increased oversight by the Federal Reserve. So I'm wondering if you could comment on the likelihood of that and what, if any, implications that might have for you operationally?
James Parisi: I don't think that, that's going to have very much impact on us. Obviously, today and for the last several decades, we've always worked very closely with certainly the CFTC as our primary regulator, including as our primary regulator of our clearing-related activities. But we have always had a very high level of interface with the Fed on the clearing house as well. I don't think there's anything in Dodd-Frank that is kind of hugely material in terms of changing that dynamic. We interface with them extensively. We share information with them extensively and so there shouldn't be anything material.
Operator: Due to time restraints, our final question will come from Daniel Harris with Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I was wondering if you could just go through the timeline for maybe 2011 and '12. What happens from here with the European clearinghouse? When do we start to see different milestones that you guys hit and rolling out to the client solutions?
Craig Donohue: Dan, I think that came up briefly before and I said we haven't put out a specific timeline yet. But we have regulatory approval, we are now working to onboard the clearing member firms. I was just in London last week and we had the opportunity to meet with nearly all of them. There is I think, very strong interest as well as enthusiasm for the energy products that we've put out already. And then I think enthusiasm as well for the expansion of our clearing activities there, but that'll be a process that'll be taking place over the course of the year. And I can't give you a more definitive timeline right now.
Operator: I'll turn the call back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
John Peschier: I want to thank everybody for their participation and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Craig Donohue: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And with that, we will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: James Parisi - Chief Financial Officer and Managing Director of Finance & Corporate Development John Peschier - Managing Director of Investor Relations Terrence Duffy - Executive Chairman, Chairman of Executive Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee Craig Donohue - Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Marketing & Public Relations Advisory Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee Bryan Durkin - Chief Operating Officer and Managing Director of Products & Services
Analysts: Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Edward Ditmire - Macquarie Research Christopher Allen - Ticonderoga Securities LLC Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG Rob Rutschow - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc Richard Repetto - Sandler O`Neill Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG Kenneth Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Daniel Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CME Group Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier: Thanks, and thank you all of you for joining us this morning. Craig Donohue, our CEO; and Jamie Parisi, our CFO will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the third quarter, and then we will open up the call for your questions. Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the accompanying slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which are available on the IR section of our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Craig.
Craig Donohue: Thank you, John, and thank you for joining us this morning. I'll be discussing our performance in the third quarter and providing updates on a few of our strategic initiatives before turning things over to Jamie to review the financials. CME posted solid third quarter results with average daily volume up 14% from the same period last year. Net income of 21% to $244 million and earnings per share of $3.66, up 20%. The foundation of our performance lies in our product diversity. Energy and metals contribute 32% of transaction fee revenues; interest rates, 27%; equities, 21%; and foreign exchange and commodity products contribute the remainder. The breadth and diversity of our product line is beneficial when we face macro economic headwinds, in particular, market segment. Importantly, I'll note that though we've seen volume performance within the individual asset classes varies throughout the year, we have continued to see open interest build from quarter-to-quarter in everyone of our product lines. Open interest currently sits at 92.4 million contracts, up 12% compared to the same period last year and just below the all-time record of 95 million. To review some of our volume statistics, third quarter average daily volume was up 14% versus the same period last year and was down 15% versus the second quarter of this year, due to extraordinary performance in Q2 and the typical impacts of seasonality during July and August. Turning to interest rates. Diminished activity in short-term rates was significantly offset by strong growth in our Treasury products, as I will describe in a moment. Average daily Eurodollar volume was down 7%, however, longer dated Eurodollar contracts with expirations beyond September 2012 saw record average daily volume of 320,000 contracts, up 32% from the prior year as there continues to be more volatility at the long end of the curve. Eurodollar mix curve options, which are short-dated expirations on longer-dated futures contracts, have also experienced impressive volume growth this quarter from approximately 6,000 average daily volume last year to 87,000 this quarter and with open interest growing from 330,000 contracts to 1.2 million contracts today at quarter end. Importantly, Eurodollar opened interest across the whole yield curve continues to grow including in the first two years. While short-term interest rates continued to be affected by monetary policy, it is important to recognize that Eurodollar products represent only 12% of total transaction fees at CME Group. As I mentioned, Treasury products had a very strong third quarter with average daily volumes up 38% in futures and with options volumes up 62%. As we've seen expectations for interest rate increases move out on the curve, products at the longer end of the curve are seeing greater activity. An additional positive to the strong Treasury volume is that the Treasury's weight for contract is generally higher than that Eurodollar RPC. We continue also to successfully innovate new products and product extensions that meet customers needs and enhance our performance in this segment of our business. We've had tremendous success with our Ultra Long Bond Treasury features, which posted average daily volumes of 33,000 contracts in Q3 and open interest of 222,000 contracts. Just this week, we also launched our on-the-run Treasury futures contracts, which our customers are very excited about. The robust liquidity and diversed customer base in our core Treasury products enabled us to effectively develop these product extensions, which in turn allows us to provide our customers with more trading opportunities at CME Group. In other product areas, average daily volume in our equity products was up 6% for the quarter, outperforming cash equity market volumes and reflecting asset allocation preferences and the outflow of funds from equities to fixed income market throughout 2010. Average daily volume in our FX products was up 31% over third quarter last year and open interest trends remained positive with current levels at a near record of $1.6 million. Growth in CME FX is coming from diversed sources. We saw 40% volume growth in the Australian and Canadian dollar markets, which historically had been less actively traded currency pairs at CME. Additionally, FX activity was up 54% during non-U.S. trading hours and this asset class continues to be our fastest growing segment during non-U.S. hours. FX options also continued to perform extremely well with average daily volume up 182% over third quarter 2009 and open interest growth of 101% versus the same period a year ago. Finally, another positive indicator for our FX business came out of the recently released BIS tri-annual survey, which shows that the global FX market grew 20% from April 2007 to April 2010, while CME FX volume grew 94% in that same period, clearly demonstrating the increasing importance of our products to the global FX marketplace. The BIS survey also indicated that global FX options declined 2%, while CME FX option volumes grew 250%. We believe there are three factors driving this out performance. First, CME central counter-party clearing, which enables wider participation by a diversed set of buy-side customers. Second, our significantly expanding liquidity across a broad range of CME currency pairs as our FX markets have indeed become a major source of liquidity in global FX market. And third, electronic access to both futures and options on our CME Globex electronic trading platform. Together, these factors should continue to drive growth in our FX business. To round out our other asset classes, our agricultural commodity, energy and metals products have all shown outstanding growth year-to-date and also are on track for a strong fourth quarter. These products tend to earn our highest rates per contract but growth here is very accretive. Agricultural commodities had a strong quarter with volumes up 33% versus last year, led by outstanding growth in corn and wheat volumes of 56% and 72% respectively. Energy was up 12% to 1.7 million contracts per day, our second highest quarterly volume and energy open interest remains at near record levels. Finally, metals average daily volume was up 28%. I'd also like to touch on continued growth in international volumes in our core product lines. During the third quarter, we saw strong growth of 37% in Globex volumes during non-U.S. hours. Volume from our various international hubs also grew 15% compared to the same quarter a year ago and now represents 15% of overall Globex volume. We continued to focus on globalization of our core business as we expect growth in emerging markets to outpace growth in more developed markets. One example of our commitment to achieving growth from globalization is our recently announced enhancements to our global client development and sales organization. Our new structure will better enable us to cross sell all CME Group products and services to our global customers, while also allowing us to better understand and meet the needs of our largest customer segments including banks, intermediaries, asset managers, hedge funds, proprietary trading firms and of course commercial participant. The new structure has been designed to better target cross asset sales across client segments to drive international growth, specifically in Asia and Europe, and to generate new client participation across all regions. The ultimate goal is to more effectively serve our clients and enhance our global sales and marketing efforts for the entire suite of CME Group products. During the quarter, we hired a new head of Global Client Development and Sales, Alice Hacket, former Managing Director and Co-Head of Global Prime Finance at Citigroup. Alice joins us and will oversee our worldwide clients development and sales efforts. Moving on to our strategic initiatives, we were very pleased to extend our OTC clearing services into interest rate on October 18. This offering provides the extensive counter party, risk reduction and transparency of CME clearing while preserving the prevailing execution processes, technology platform and economic structures used in the bilateral IRS market today. As the Clearing Only provider in this space, we are execution-agnostic and offer operational flexibility to our customers by accepting trades from a variety of venues. Finally, as we continue to build our OTC offerings and other asset classes, CME Group has a significant lead in providing a comprehensive multi-asset class clearing solutions to the market for the maximum operational ease and capital efficiency that comes with connecting to a single clearing house. To date, we've cleared $660 million in interest rates swaps and have $648 million in open interest, with participation across a wide variety of firms. We see this effort as being in the very early stages and recognize that many clients are waiting for greater clarity on final rules before moving forward with cleared interest rate swaps. Currently, we're focused on delivering key additions to the offering in order to make it possible for more users to access our services. Some of the details we are working towards include receiving approval for a structure to allow cross margining with exchange-traded futures and options and finalizing regulatory approvals allowing certain types of neutral funds post collateral. We are also working on expanding the product scope to offer more product flexibility and swaps denominated in additional currencies. I'd also like to share an update on the development of our co-location services offering for all CME Group customers. Our offering will allow customers to co-locate their servers in CME Group's new state-of-the-art data center. Co-location will create the lowest possible latency hosting environment for our customers. The offering is available to all customers and all customers will be treated equally with transparent and market-based pricing. Equidistant access points will also ensure fair and equal access. The uptake during our initial application period has been positive, and we are in the process of allocating space to our customers. Once customers' base for this space is allocated, we will begin to built out the facilities and are planning for an early 2012 go-live date. Based on current indications of interest from our customers, we expect this service to add approximately $30 million to $40 million in revenue in 2012 and to further scale from there. Finally, I'd like to offer a brief regulatory update. We are participating actively in the Dod-Frank will-making processes being undertaken by the CFTC and other financial and markets regulators. Our team is working with them and our customers to ensure that new regulations create a fair and level playing field for all market participants and that U.S. markets are not disadvantaged compared to other global markets centers. The CFTC and other regulators will be issuing a real proposal in many areas over the next few months. Like many of you, we are already engaging in the public comment process and anticipate a robust and healthy dialogue about the many issues that regulators are addressing. We will continue to keep you posted on these critical topics as they develop. In conclusion, CME Group continues to be successful in managing our core business and executing on our strategies to further global our entire business and expand our capabilities into OTC market. While the macroeconomic climate has been challenging for everyone, our performance over the past two years has proven that we can leverage our diverse product set to deliver results in a variety of cyclical and economic environment. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jamie.
James Parisi: Thank you, Craig. CME Group posted solid third quarter financial results with average daily volume of 11.6 million contracts per day, up 14% versus Q3 of last year, driving a 13% increase in revenue to $733 million. We delivered $443 million of operating income, a 60% operating margin, diluted earnings per share of $3.66. The overall rate per contract decreased 3% to $0.81 compared with $0.0834 in the third quarter of 2009, due to higher growth for members versus non-members in higher-tiered discounts. Sequentially, the rate per contract increased 3% due to favorable mix factors including a stronger participation from our highest paying non-members. Market data revenue of $101 million for the quarter was down less than 1%, compared to Q2, due to a decrease in the Dow Jones Indexes revenue attributable primarily to lower equity assets under management. Drivers to CME, CBOT and NYMEX data increased our activity somewhat in Q3 with the total terminal count of slightly to 385,000. This was the first increase in sequential screen count since Q2 of 2008 signaling some stabilization relative to the trend we have seen since the credit crisis began. Lastly, with respect to the other revenue line in Q3, we recognized $5.1 million from BM&FBOVESPA related to a build out of our multi-asset class trading platform. I'll now take a few minutes to review expenses. Drilling into Q3 expenses, compensation and benefits was $110 million, up $7 million from the prior quarter. $5.1 million of this increase was based on a sequential change in deferred compensation expense. Remember there is a one-for-one offset in the investment income line for this item so there's no bottom line impact. In addition, our combined headcount at the end of Q3 stood at 2,520, an increase of 60 people during the third quarter, reflecting our continued investment in growth opportunities. Q3 marketing and other expense included approximately $4.7 million related to resolving customer losses associated with the CME Globex and trade issue which occurred in September, while there were a $2.1 million tax and operating accrual adjustment which decreased occupancy and building expenses for the quarter. We now expect our second half of 2010 expenses to come in near the top end of our prior guidance of $573 million to $583 million, with the one-time cost of the end trade and higher deferred compensation pushing us to that level. In the non-operating income and expense category, investment income was up $8 million, sequentially, due to a $3 million increase in the BM&FBOVESPA dividend plus the $5 million in deferred comp earnings mentioned earlier. Equity and losses of unconsolidated subsidiaries reflect a $2 million increase, due to writing down to zero our investment OneChicago, our single-stock futures JV. In the third quarter, we paid down $300 million of debt, bringing our total debt to $2.5 billion, which reduced interest expense by $2 million. Our debt to EBITDA ratio is now under 1.3x. A detailed illustration of our debt structure is included in our earnings slide. At the end of the third quarter, we had approximately $630 million of cash in marketable securities on our balance sheet. For the quarter, our effective tax rate was 41.2%, and we expect our tax rate to fall between 41% and 42% in total for the year. Capital expenditures net of lease hold improvement allowances totaled $44 million in the third quarter, driven primarily by hardware and software purchases tied to the migration of our Globex trading system to our new data center, additional investment in the data center related to our co-location offering, as well as continued build out of our office facility. We expect our capital expenditures to come in near the low end of our full year guidance of $180 million to $200 million. Turning to recent volumes. So far in October, ADV is tracking a similar level to Q3 at 11.4 million contracts up 9% compared to the same time frame last year. In summary, we added to our solid 2010 financial performance in the third quarter. So far this year, we have generated over $800 million of cash earnings while investing significantly in growth initiatives and paying down $400 million of debt. We are well on our way to returning excess capital to shareholders as early as next year. So I'll now open up the call for your questions. In order to get to everyone, we are limiting all of you to one question and one follow-up, and please feel free to get back in the queue if time permits.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Niamh Alexander with Keith, Bruyette and Woods.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: If I could touch on the interest rate swaps, help me understand the guarantee fund it's separate right now and there's no netting benefit with the futures. So what milestones should we be looking towards or what can help us closer to understanding when customers maybe kind of -- would that be a good driver of additional volume into growth in the trend house?
Craig Donohue: What we're doing right now is working with the CFTC to discuss that. I just want to sort of caution everyone that the ultimate approval of that capability is really tied into much larger and broader questions that the CFTC is working on right now, as they're contemplating central counter party clearing swaps alongside traditional exchange-traded futures and options contracts. So we're working on the specific methodology, as are they, for facilitating capital and cross margin efficiencies between swaps and between futures and options. So that's a process that's going to take, I'm sure, a number of months as they formulate their more detailed proposals. But we're working with them on that.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: And would that be a catalyst to bring in -- do you think that will be a catalyst to start to bring in a lot more volume once that gets approved or people are going to wait?
Craig Donohue: I think generally speaking, the consensus in the industry seems to be, I think that's been reflected even in recent analyst report, that most people are expecting to increase their activity over a roughly 12 to 24 months timeframe with many people waiting until there's greater clarity on the rules they're implementing the swap trading and clearing requirements. So I think that is probably the biggest gaiting factor. And then of course, obviously, as we see the final rules and account structures for swaps and exchange rates for futures and options that will be incrementally helpful as well.
Operator: We'll move on to our next question from Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neil.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O`Neill: In your announcement on the OTC interest rate swap clearing, you had a number of notable names buy sides and sell sides, I'm just trying to get more of the commitment level of these people. You have them rated with 10 as fully-committed exclusively and one being sort of a rubber stamp and just want to participate. Where is the general commitment level? And I'm trying to get to the of question of will there be multiple clearing platforms in interest rate swaps?
Terrence Duffy: Rich, it's Terry, I am here. I think that there will be multiple platforms for this clearing of interest rate swaps. But the commitment levels, I think Craig outlined that the $628 million that we did last week, there was some comments made months back by the government-sponsored enterprises that they told the regulator they would be prepared to clear by October 18. We told everybody we would be prepared to clear by October 18, that's exactly what we did. So you saw some of the transactions going. But I think really the answer is, the commitment we'll see more as the rules are finalized, as Craig pointed out, and it's really hard to determine what the overall commitment is going to be at this early stage in the game right now. So I wish I can give you more information. But I really can't and Craig can add to that.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O`Neill: For Jamie, on the Dow Jones, I know you mentioned something about AUM being down. But it looks like in the equity, the below the line item, it doesn't look like there was anything there. Was Dow Jones break even and did expenses go up for Dow Jones in the quarter?
James Parisi: It's not quite that. I think you're talking about the other interest in Dow Jones in that line. The way it's constructed all the -- when you consider all the amortization and interest expense for Dow Jones, it does comes close to a break even. But it was slightly positive for the quarter. But when you through all the accounting, the allocation out for the partners is close to zero.
Operator: We'll go next to Alex Kramm with UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank: Just following up on the interest rate swap opportunity here, can you actually start talking a little bit about the economics? From what we understand, the pricing trends may not be 100% handed out, yet, but can you actually help us a little bit in terms of how you're thinking about pricing in terms of may be present volume on different centers any sort of economic sharing with participants? Anything to get us a little a bit more to work with.
Craig Donohue: It's Craig. I'm going to be very limited and just say that, obviously, our pricing methodology is based on the notional amounts cleared. But we're going to sort of keep that in reserve until we get farther along in this process. Obviously, as Terry mentioned, we were successful in meeting our commitment to be prepared to clear by October 18, which we've done. But we have a lot of work to do with our partners and participants to finalize the terms of the structure in their participation. So we'll have more that we can share with you as that process gets farther along the way.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank: You obviously mentioned the 12 to 24 months, but when we talked to the buy side, there are certainly also people out there that want to be early adopters. Who want to really start clearing as soon as possible. So you just said that you have a lot of things to work through still but when do you think you could actually be ready that the people that want to have it as part of their general workflow, the execution process, that they actually do this and move pretty quickly?
Craig Donohue: I think again, obviously, with us having already commenced clearing and having now $660 million of notional value outstanding. We're able to do this, we're intending to keep doing this. We are prepared to support our customers and participants who are ready and willing to do that now. I was only meaning to reflect but I think more broadly, many participants have indicated that it's likely to be 24 months before they have the vast majority of their interest rate swaps transactions being centrally cleared. So I was just reflecting the broader sentiment that we're ready, and we're working with customers who want to do it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mike Vinciquerra with BMO Capital Markets.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Kind of staying in OTC space, I wanted to ask regarding ClearPort, if there's any update on what the regulators are thinking or there's some questions about how you in sense of futurize the swaps? Is there any concern there? And do you think the question marks about that are hurting your volume or your growth prospects are on that business in the near term?
Craig Donohue: It's Craig. I don't think, and I can ask Bryan Durkin if he would like to comment as well, but I don't think that sort of issues that we're grappling with as it relates to new provisions of Dodd-Frank and rules on ClearPort are really impacting ClearPort. ClearPort has continued to perform very well. And so we're working through a process right now in the emerging kind of world that we're getting to where there's a fairly clear distinction between swaps that are required to be centrally cleared, but also as they are cleared traded on either a swap execution facility or an exchange versus futures, trying to sort of work with market participants, customers and the regulators to try to determine what the past forward is for ClearPort. We're confident that we have a range of alternatives that will continue to make ClearPort very valuable to customers. There are some products that are more actively traded on ClearPort, and for which, there maybe effective ways to, I think you said futurize them, and then there's a range of products that are less actively traded. So we've got some solutions. We're discussing those with people. But I think in the end, ClearPort will continue to be a very successful and valuable service for market participants.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Staying on the same topic, I believe you guys have announced that you're going to apply as a SEF, correct me if I'm wrong on that. But if that's correct, in what areas do you think you'd be most interested in providing execution services in the OTC market?
Craig Donohue: We haven't really settle off on that, not because we're being KJ. But I think we recognize that it's still not yet fully defined what a swap execution facility is going to be. What we have said before is that our primary focus is really on providing post-trade clearing services to the over-the-counter swaps market. And separately, we said that where there's a need or where there is some particular value that we think uniquely we can provide, we're certainly not ruling out the possibility to become a swap execution facility. But I think it's really premature to do that for the moment. And obviously, we're going to continue to look at that as things evolve.
Operator: Next we'll go to Ken Worthington with JP Morgan.
Kenneth Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co: You made a point that on your slides that volumes in the U.S. hours are growing at 37%, but through the international hubs growing at 15% year-over-year. It seems like this implies that U.S. traders are trading after hours. Am I reading that correctly? And then, the follow-up is the volumes in the international hubs grew up 15% year-over-year in line with overall seemingly volume growth. Giving your emphasis on the foreign business, can you give us more color on the revamped sales force and your expectation for foreign business due to that build out?
James Parisi: The first thing to recall is on the international hubs, that all of our international volume does not come through the hubs, it's only a subset of the volume as there's plenty of folks internationally who hook up directly to CME and don't go through that. So we provide these different views because they don't have a perfect way of measuring that international volume to get a flavor of those volumes. So be very careful on how you interpret these hub volume.
Bryan Durkin: This is Bryan Durkin. In line with the restructuring and realignment of our products and services team, we're putting an extensive focus on the build up of our efforts, particularly within our global offices within EMEA, so with the European region as well as Asia. As Jamie had indicated, the hub activity is just one indicator of the fruits of our efforts in terms of our intensive sales efforts across those regions. And we're very pleased with the progress that we're making and we're continuing to invest in that regard because we really and truly believe that the opportunities are there across all of our client segments to further build that growth.
Kenneth Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And your expectations for that growth?
James Parisi: We don't normally give out growth guidance, as you know. But we certainly expected to grow rather significantly, of course going forward, obviously that's why we're focusing on it as most intensely.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG: Maybe another follow-up on the interest rate swap opportunity. Just stepping back, you've given us a feel for how much you've spent here to date. But as we look forward, how are you going to define long-term success and what financial parameters do you think we should be holding you to?
Craig Donohue: I think in the long run, clearly it's going to be the level of cleared volume as revenues coming through, and we'll be able to -- in the longer run, we'll be putting an information out there. Just remember that as far as the clearing out goes, it is a scalable operation with lower marginal costs as we add business to it. So we do believe this to be very profitable for us in the future.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG: Craig or Terry, there's been some heightened focus on high-frequency trading over recent months. I was hoping you could just comment of what, if anything, you anticipate we see in terms of proposals for the exchange traded futures markets and just your broad kind of level of concern here given it's a big driver of the business.
Terrence Duffy: Howard this is Terry. I have always said for a long time now, especially when I testify in D.C. as it relates to high-frequency trading, these people are truly liquidity providers. They are not looking for long term direction of anyone particular market at all. They're mostly competing for the build-out or to lay out in other marketplaces, which deepens the pools of liquidity for people who are trying to manage risks. So when I go to Congress and remind them that most participants in the U.S. equity market or anything else, they are not competing for the build-out. They're competing for their portfolio risk management for six weeks, six months or six years, they need to have that deep liquidity and that's exactly what HFT traders provide. And when you walk them through how they provide this liquidity, the regulators and legislators start to get it. So it's a new phenomenon in high-frequency trading and I think people are trying to understand that more than anything else, so the natural thing is when you don't understand something is to blame something. So I think that's what we're seeing right now but I think people will realize that this is very valuable liquidity as time continues.
Operator: We'll move on to our next question from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Daniel Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Could you please update us on, see if there's any change in your customer mix within your kind of core business. You used to break it out in the slide on the chart but I haven't seen it here in the past few quarters?
James Parisi: Dan, we don't provide that in detail anymore for competitive reasons. But I think you can take from my comments, that certainly we saw a small pickup in the non-member category. They're generally across the other categories. There wasn't any significant changes other than that.
Daniel Fannon - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: You gave control on that co-location revenue opportunity in 2012. Can you talk, I guess, a bit from profitability perspective as you think about that business and then even more broadly kind of the OTC initiatives that you're working on and contemplating going forward? How we should think about that in the context of your overall margin on an operating basis compared to where we sit today?
James Parisi: On the OTC business, we said before, I think the operating margin on that business will be somewhat lower than our existing core business due to the fact that various constituencies involved and the desire to share some of the economics around that. And then on the co-lo, I think, we don't put numbers out on that, yet, but I think that will be a fairly solid margin on that. I'm not going to give you too much more color. I do believe that while both these are a little bit longer-term, we believe co-lo will start to contribute in a decent way in 2012 and on the OTC side, we said it's a multi-year effort.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Rutschow with CLSA.
Rob Rutschow - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I've realized we're fairly early days here. But can you talk about what the duration is of the interest rate swaps you've cleared and how that compares to your rate futures and then the point of that question is to really try to flush out what the case for and against netting and what the stumbling blocks are with the CFTC at this point?
Craig Donohue: Rob, we've had a mix of transactions that have been cleared. I think it's just way too soon to start kind of breaking down the transactions that have been cleared so far. So over time, there'll be more transactions in that but for the moment, a small amount of actual activities that's been done, as I mentioned. On the second part, I think, certainly one of the issues that's just wanting to make sure that from a customer-protection perspective, the manner in which swap and futures and options positions are held, and sort of risk it, futures customers might have, or swap customers might have is a key area of focus as we think about how to strike the right balance between sort of protecting the customers, having effective risk management systems for both swap clearing and futures and options clearing. But at the same time, also facilitating capital and margin efficiencies that are valuable to market participants. So I mean those are at a high-level, I think the issues that the industry and the regulators are really focused on. But I think that the goal is to provide that now and to make sure that we have an effective customer protection regime and at the same time to provide capital margin efficiencies that actually make these markets efficient competitive.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank: Looking ahead, I think your clearing dollar-denominated swaps at this point and you've talked about euros for next year. What are the currencies would we expect you to add during the next 12 to 18 months?
Craig Donohue: We're working on multi-currency offerings. We'll have more to say on that as we further our plans and work more with market participants in clearing a number of firms. But I think you've heard us say before that we're already a global provider of clearing services and exchange-traded markets. And our goal and intention is to be a global provider of clearing services in the over-the-counter swaps markets as well. I think you're probably aware that we have an application pending in the U.K. to be organized as a clearing hubs in Europe as well. So our goal and intention is to be multi-currency.
Operator: We'll move on to our next question from Jonathan Casteleyn with Susquehanna Research.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Are there any remaining efficiencies for the NYMEX products to benefit from electronic trading being the base of the Globex system last and anyway to quantify that?
Craig Donohue: Obviously, the vast majority of the NYMEX futures and options products are already being traded electronically. So I assume you're referring to ClearPort contract?
Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Exactly. Any general efficiency uptick for more electronic trading in NYMEX including ClearPort being they basically were inserted on to a bigger platform last in the Globex system?
Craig Donohue: I think in general, there's continued kind of upside potential in exchange-traded options product, not just NYMEX. But also various of the options products that are offered on CME as well as the other boarder trade. So that would be one area. And then again just going back to my earlier comments from where we are, looking at ClearPort contracts and trying to make some preliminary determinations about whether there are some products that might be effectively traded, in essential mid-order book environment or as futures versus swaps.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Just on BM&F, can you talk about the volume that run through the JV in the quarter and are there any major upcoming developments last to kind of spur volume or increase the level of participation?
Craig Donohue: I'll just say just, generally. One of the things that we are working together on, and which has been very successful, is that as customers begin to become active in the BM&FBOVESPA market through our order-routing linkage, they also then do gravitate toward actual co-location where they are participating kind of directly on a co-location basis in the Brazilian market. So that's beneficial for both of us as well and we collaborate in that sort of transitioning from just pure order routing to direct access through co-location. We're continuing to see interest in that building. We have a pipeline of participants who are becoming increasingly aware of the efficiencies and the value of accessing in the BM&FBOVESPA market. So I do think there's a lot of continued sort of benefits there. You've seen us working with other exchanges as well on cross listing of products in different currencies and that's certainly another area of opportunity for us in terms of BM&FBOVESPA. And then just lastly, I would say that we're making great progress on the development of our new multi-asset class trading platforms, which ultimately will be deployed by BM&FBOVESPA and I think the increase for the scalability and capacity and speed advances of that new platform should be further attractive to our customer base.
James Parisi: So from south to north order running, it's the volume's about quadrupled over the last four years, up a very small base of course. But as Craig pointed out, I think the more important thing is that we continue to drive volumes directly to CME and CME products from that region.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Patrick O'Shaughnessy from Raymond James.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates: My first question is about your energy product. Certainly I think you've seen healthy growth there and your West Texas contract has done pretty well. But I think to some extent, we've seen West Texas curve outpaced by Brent Crude and it seems like Brent is growing as more of a global benchmark these days? Is that a fair assessment? And what do you think that implies for the growth prospects of West Texas volume going forward?
Craig Donohue: I would take strong issue with that. I think there are cyclical factors at times they come into play. If you just kind of look back over the last several years, you'll see times when WTI has clearly outperformed Brent and conversely times when Brent has been to outperform WTI. But I think the most important thing to sort of look at is the WTI market is more than 2.5x the size of the Brent market and that suggests to me that is ultimately what people look to as the global benchmark for hedging and risk management in crude oil. And that's been true for quite some time. So I would disagree with that.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James & Associates: You've obviously spoken in some detail about interest rate swap clearing. But on your side, you also did mentioned FX clearing and CDS clearing. Can you kind of give an update about where you feel like you want to make a progress in those initiatives, how many resources are you really dedicating towards those and I guess with FX clearance, specifically , certainly hasn't been mandated by Dodd-Frank, yet and I know some industry participants are trying to make sure it doesn't happen. So your thoughts on like with that of that moving to a clear environment at some point.
Craig Donohue: In general, I mean obviously, OTC clearing is a very important component of our overall growth strategy. And so we do have significant number of people deployed on that, that's been true for a couple years now, both as it relates to interest rate swaps clearing as well as credit default swaps clearing, which still I think in a very early stage particularly in the dealer to client sort of segment, so that's an area where we do have substantial resource that's devoted. Although I would point out that these are existing resources that also support the operation and growth of our core business activities as well. On the FX side, obviously we're also waiting to see ultimately kind of what develops in terms of whether the exemptive authority by the Treasury Secretary will be exercised in order to treat foreign exchange swaps or options or forward differently than other financial swap instrument. I don't have any particular insights into that. I've seen the arguments on both sides. But that will be something that will be awaiting just as the rest of the market is as well. I would say were not actively involved in taking a position on that because as you might remember, our position throughout the legislative process was not to support mandatory clearing requirements generally.
Terrence Duffy: I completely agree. But I think one of the interesting things, when you look at FX not being included in the Dodd-Frank, I think that's almost irrelevant because with the interest rate swaps being in Dodd-Frank, and we're going to start to see, I believe, the efficiencies as such clearing can provide for inter-trade swap participants, I think that FX will just be a natural follower. It doesn't need a law to mandate it. As Craig said, we did not pursue mandating any of these things to begin with. We always thought that the amendments should be different for cleared versus non-cleared. So I think once people start to realize the benefits of interest rate swaps clearing, the FX will follow without any legislation needed.
Operator: We'll move on to our next question from Mike Carrier from Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: Just another question I guess on the core business, when you look at the growth in the FX volumes, it just seems like obviously you're gaining a lot of traction. From the OTC side, could you think about one of the most OTC standard products out there, FX you can probably throw into that category. So when you look at the increase in that volume, any way to gauge how much of that is from increased customers moving over just to the features products from the OTC versus -- just taking share from some other players in the market?
Craig Donohue: We have some insight into that and we definitely have seen our customer base broaden. And we see more participants coming into the market. I think reflecting the fact that we're now, obviously, a major source of liquidity on a daily basis in most major currencies. So we are seeing broader participation both in terms of types of customer segment as well as we're seeing really good growth in the sort of non-U.S. hours. That's a key focus for us. We are going to be really kind of increasing our sales and marketing and leadership capabilities primarily in the European market time zone to better take advantage of what we think is a great growth opportunity for us in the FX.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: One for Jamie, the market updater news with the Dow Jones, Jamie. What portion of the revenues are related to AUM just as average markets are up about 8% in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter? So just trying to gauge what the benefit can be going forward. And just on BM&F other revenue item in the $5 million, I think you mentioned, is that like a one-time and then we should expect that other revenues to pullback or is there going to be some ongoing revenues in there?
James Parisi: On the market data, Dow Jones is probably, for the quarter is about $17 million and the majority of that is AUM based. And then on the other revenue of line item where we saw a tick up because of the fees that we received from BM&FBOVESPA for the co-development of the platform, we expect to see a similar number in the coming quarter essentially also in the first quarter and then there'll be some more later on but it's hard to tell how that's going to flow and it will depend on how this development progresses.
Operator: We'll move on to our next question from Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: I wanted to just ask a question I guess on the financial guarantee rule of the CFTC proposal. I'm not sure if Kim's there. But I'm wondering how that compares with how you allocate your financial resources available today because their basically severely eliminating the ability to assess dealers in there. And I'm not sure if that's consistent with how you do it today? Any thoughts on that?
Craig Donohue: It's Craig. Obviously, we're looking closely at that. I think I assume you're referring to what people call the cyclical proposal and the amount of available liquid capital resources that are...
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Yes.
Craig Donohue: We're looking at that. For the moment I would say and obviously that can change depending on who's the largest participants are and what their particular exposures and margin requirements are. But for the most part, at least we're currently looking at understanding this in relationship to who our largest participants are today. We're not expecting that to have a material effect on sort of our capital requirements to support productivity in the clearing house. But that's something that we're going to be discussing further with the CFTC as the process evolves.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Kind of coming back to the efficiencies and interest rate swaps offering right now, I guess it sounds like a fairly manual process like some of the early trades are taking an hour so it gets great. And I guess LCH sounds like running order in 10 seconds or so. I guess how long does it take to get you think you can tell point where this is something that's incentive move past being a pilot project.
Bryan Durkin: This is Bryan Durkin. In terms of that commentary, we're working very, very closely with all of the participants that have connected into our clearing organization. We pride ourselves in the ability to get the transactions in to our system in a realtime basis. We are working closely with the service providers of the firms to ensure that any issues on their end and if there's anything you can do to see to streamline on that kind of equation, that is the reason that we're working very closely with them. And I think we need to recognize that this is not about speed our high velocity. If not a high velocity business. But that being said, we really do pride ourselves in our ability to get the transactions in very quickly.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Allen from Ticonderoga.
Christopher Allen - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: One thing on the capital return plan, what's your level of flexibility if you foresee a dividends tax increase coming next year? In terms of accelerating the plant running away to the first quarter of '11?
James Parisi: It's certainly something that we will consider. But there's no definitive plans in place yet.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Donald Fandetti with Citi.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc: Craig, investors seemed to be focusing on the potential negative impact on the business. I was just curious how you think about the pluses and minuses of quantitative you think? Do you think there's real risk on your open interest or volume?
Craig Donohue: I think it's very difficult, Don, to kind of speculate on that. Obviously, the overall kind of environment in terms of to prosecute policy and set of involvement in quantitative easing has been somewhat challenging for that segment of our business. But I think if you look at it, I would say that other there circumstances, the business and interest rates have actually performed, I think, very well. You clearly see people moving farther off the yield curve and so we are benefited by the diversity of the range of interest-rate products that we've provided and certainly the increased activity in treasuries, which has been substantial, has helped to ameliorate or offset some of the difficulties in the kind of short-term interest rate market in Eurodollar futures but I'll go back to the point that I made before which is we're seeing open interest building significantly in all of our interest-rate products including, even in the very near-term, short-term contract, so we'll wait and see sort of what the sort of the next round of quantitative using really involves, but I guess it's very difficult for me to speculate on what that means for volume and what other factors might come into play that could be either incrementally positive or negative for interest rates.
Operator: We'll hear next from Edward Ditmire from Macquarie.
Edward Ditmire - Macquarie Research: With exchange consolidation restarting in 2010 after a year to -- can you give me your latest thoughts on your opportunity as a consolidator? Are we more likely to see CME go outside of its current futures focus, go outside of your supporters or outside of the exchange business as in the Dow Jones acquisition?
Craig Donohue: I would say that our posture on that is remaining the same. We've clearly indicated that we do not expect any kind of large-scale mergers and acquisitions activity in the near future. I think when you look back at the totality of mergers and acquisitions in the exchange space over the last decade, we clearly have had the most focused strategy, at least in terms of how we view our expertise and capabilities. And obviously, that's been in the derivative market and the exchange-traded derivative market, with obviously the exception of -- we have a very positive view about the opportunities in the index services area. But generally speaking, we're continuing to have the same view, we have great growth opportunities in our core business, we are focused on globalizing our core business, and obviously, we're focused on leveraging our current capabilities in clearing and risk management and to the over-the-counter swaps market. So those are the avenues of growth for us and I don't think you will see us taking on sort of large transactions to further expand our business when we've got those kinds of organic growth opportunities in front of us.
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions today. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to Craig Donohue for any additional or closing remarks.
Craig Donohue: I just want to thank everybody on behalf of my colleagues for joining us today. We will look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: James Parisi - Chief Financial Officer and Managing Director of Finance & Corporate Development John Peschier - Managing Director of Investor Relations Craig Donohue - Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Marketing & Public Relations Advisory Committee and Member of Strategic Steering Committee
Analysts: Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank Christopher Allen - Ticonderoga Securities LLC Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG Richard Repetto - Sandler O`Neill Kenneth Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Mark Lane - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CME Group Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier: Thank you, and thank you all for joining us this morning. Craig Donohue, our CEO; and Jamie Parisi, our CFO; will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the second quarter, and then we will open up the call for your questions. Terry Duffy, our Executive Chairman, is here as well.  Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the accompanying slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which are available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. During this call, we will refer to a few non-GAAP figures. A reconciliation of both the non-GAAP EPS and non-GAAP effective tax rate to the respective GAAP figures is available in our press release at the end of the financial statements. Now I would like to turn the call over to Craig.
Craig Donohue: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. CME Group showed strong performance in the second quarter of 2010 with net income of $271 million, up 13% sequentially, on revenues of $814 million, up 17% sequentially. This strong performance, our best ever on a GAAP basis, was driven by positive volume trends across all asset classes, with overall average daily volume of 13.5 million contracts, up 31% from Q2 '09 and up 17% from Q1 2010. We had record revenue quarters in energy, foreign exchange and agricultural products. Additionally, interest rate revenues were up 29% from the second quarter last year and up 19% sequentially. And equity and metals volume and revenue were also strong for the quarter.  As weve moved into July, we have experienced normal seasonal patterns, although it is worth pointing out that July average daily volume of 10.7 million contracts is up 11% versus July of last year and is 400,000 contracts per day higher than any quarterly ADV last year. Finally, volume across our six product areas is up for July compared to the same month last year.  Looking at drivers of our performance, sovereign debt issues in Europe were obviously a catalyst for the second quarter volume. The stabilization we've seen since the peak of the crisis, as indicated by the plateau-ing of the LIBOR-OIS spread since May 25, among other factors, reflects favorably on the markets ability to absorb shocks in the short-term and on the ability of local industry participants and central banks to recognize an attempt to resolve critical issues. Partially related to the European crisis, the market shifted its Fed rate hike expectations. We have seen an associated shift in Eurodollar volumes, with those Eurodollar futures expiring 12 to 18 months from now contributing approximately 13% of overall Eurodollar futures volume in July, up 10% from the total in the first and second quarters. We've highlighted before that Eurodollar products tend to be most heavily traded during periods with varying market expectations for rate changes. For the next several months, we expect Eurodollar volumes to reflect the current policy environment, and it is worth pointing out that transaction data positively reflects in certain key measures, such as depth of book and bid-ask spread, when compared to last year.  CME Group energy products had an exceptional quarter, with record revenue and volumes. With volatility increasing due to ongoing forecasts for strong crude oil demand, coupled with European instability, our WTI products suite was a strong driver of this performance, boasting record volumes of 977,000 contracts per day, up 52% from Q2 '09 and up 25% from a robust first quarter. Refined products, including heating oil and gasoline, also had record volumes for the quarter. Energy volumes in July have shown a typical seasonal slowdown, but we believe that our products in this area would continue to perform very well over the long term.  I mentioned before that we had record revenues in our FX product line as well, and that was, of course, somewhat related to the European crisis. While cyclical factors may have impacted the second quarter volumes, we strongly believe there are many longer-running structural trends in those markets that have and will continue to be very positive for CME Group FX products. Based on the available data, one of these trends is an ongoing shift from OTC markets to CME's exchange-traded and centrally cleared FX products. Our team has worked diligently to position CME Group to take advantage of such structural shifts in the FX market place, and the volume trends over the past year show our success. CME's April volume was up 87% compared to the prior year, while in the OTC markets, as measured by preliminary regional data submitted to BIF, FX trading in the U.K. was up 31% for the same period. Activity in Japan was up 16%, and activity in the U.S. was up 43%, clearly demonstrating that we are picking up share as we outpace the growth of the overall market.  As a side note, we're referencing April statistics there, because that is the most recent data that's available on those markets. But CME FX had strong growth since then as well, with July [audio gap] 37% from the prior July. We believe our FX team has built an exceptional platform for future growth opportunities.  With that, I'd like to switch gears and talk a little bit about one of those opportunities in FX, and that is a new product we worked with our colleagues at Dow Jones indexes to launch. As planned, weve continued the Dow Jones indexing capability with the derivatives expertise and deep customer connections at CME Group. One of the early results of these efforts is our FX$INDEX futures, a contract that will provide a tool for trading the relative value of the U.S. dollar against a basket of major currencies, weighted based on current Fed data. The weighting methodology is unique to CME, and we believe it creates a strong competitive differentiator for this product. It also provides our customers with an efficient means for using the deeply liquid component currency futures to dynamically hedge FX$INDEX futures and, with our Globex distribution to FX markets participants, will enable us to attract a broad international audience. The product launched on Monday, and we are actively working to promote this to our customers.  Additionally, our teams worked together to bring the Dow Jones long-term inflation index to market on July 15th, which uses the CME ultra-long treasury futures as an underlying component, along with long-term treasury inflation-protected securities. Like many of our product ideas, this product was developed based on significant customer input, and given the strong uptake and success of the ultra-long treasury futures, we know that market interest in longer-duration products is very high. We continue to explore other joint product development and global expansion opportunities, and we look forward to updating you on our progress in the future. We did a fairly deep dive last quarter on our international growth strategy, and we feel very positive about the work we're currently doing to build the path for future success. As you can see in our slide, in our core business, Globex volumes during non-U.S. hours saw strong growth, with volumes during European hours up 78% and volumes during Asian hours up 76% from Q2 '09. Volume from international telecommunications hubs grew 68% compared to the same quarter a year ago and represented 13% of overall Globex volume, up from 11% a year ago.  I also want to take some time today to discuss our views on capital structure. Over the last few years, we've received valuable input from our shareholders on this important topic. We recently completed an internal assessment of our five-year strategy. We've successfully integrated the CBOT and NYMEX acquisitions, and with those assets in place, we believe we have a solid foundation to drive continued organic growth. In the near term, we do not foresee the need for additional large-scale M&A transactions to drive growth. Based on our projections, we anticipate being very well positioned to return excess cash to shareholders as early as next year.  In the past, we have returned cash to our shareholders through regular quarterly dividends, special dividends and share buybacks, all of which we will thoroughly analyze as options for future return of cash. One of the results from our plan has been the establishment of capital structure guiding principles, which you can see on the next slide. First, we intend to maintain a target level of cash to meet working capital requirements and our clearing house commitment. We anticipate a minimum cash level of approximately $500, million and success in our OTC initiatives would cause this amount to scale. Second, as we've stated in the past, our intention is to target a high investment-grade credit rating to demonstrate our solid financial position as a leader in the exchange and clearing industry. Third, we intend to pay a stable to growing dividend, and our board will assess that on an ongoing basis. Fourth, we have taken on debt primarily related to the NYMEX transaction, but we intend to maintain a permanent, prudent level of debt. Lastly, we intend to return excess capital in the form of dividends and share repurchases, as I mentioned early.  Finally, I would like to share a few thoughts with you on the regulatory environment. We know that a key focus of our investors has been the ongoing developments in financial regulation, and we are fully supportive of the efforts made by all to bolster the soundness of the financial system. The passage of the Dodd-Frank Act reinforces the critical underpinnings of CME Group's markets: transparency and security. Weve spent a lot of time in Washington over the years highlighting the value of our markets, and we will continue our efforts with government officials, regulators and market participants as the rulemaking process ensues. Throughout that process and in the timeframe following the adoption of new rules, we will be focusing very intensely on ensuring smooth implementation and providing maximum support to our customers. In regards to direct quantifiable impacts on CME Group, we believe the new legislation is directionally positive. We look forward to engaging with our customers and regulators during this process, and in the long term, returning to what we do best: providing safe and secure, liquid and transparent markets for market participant.  In conclusion, CME Group had strong results in the second quarter, and more importantly, we have continued to build a very strong base for future growth of our business. We have gotten where we are because of our focus on serving our customers, whether during times of high market volatility or times of sweeping change. As global financial markets evolve in the future, we are well-positioned to offer critical risk management products for our customers.  Thank you. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jamie.
James Parisi: Thank you, Craig. Before I dive into the financials, I just wanted to note that the comments and comparisons I'll be making today will exclude the impacts of the Credit Markets Analysis, otherwise known as CMA, impairment discussed in the press release.  CME Group turned in a strong second quarter financial performance, with average daily volume of 13.5 million contracts per day, up 31% from Q2 last year, and revenue of $814 million, up 26% from last year. From a GAAP perspective, this is the highest level of quarterly revenue we have delivered and only $3 million below Q1 of 2008, assuming we had owned NYMEX business at that point.  We delivered $536 million of operating income and diluted earnings per share of $4.43, excluding CMA. From Q1 to Q2, our revenue grew $121 million while our expenses grew only $10 million, excluding the one-time Dow Jones transaction expense incurred in Q1.  The overall average rate for contracts for all CME Group decreased 4% ,$0.79, compared with $0.823 in the second quarter 2009. So average daily volume was up 31% while the average rate was down 4%. The main driver of the year-over-year rate decrease was our member, non-member mix. Our lower-fee member volume grew 35% while non-member volume grew at 19%. Sequentially, the rate per contract also dropped 4%, primarily driven by a large increase in interest rate volumes, our lowest-rate product, from 5.1 million contracts per day in Q1 to 6.1 million contracts per day in Q2. Market data revenue of $102 million for the quarter was up 17% compared to Q1. This increase is due to the inclusion of a full quarter of CME Group index services revenue. At the end of the second quarter, users of CME, CBOT and NYMEX data subscribed to 385,000 base devices. This count was down only 1,000 screens from the prior quarter, representing some stabilization relative to the trends we have seen since the credit crisis.  And I'll take a few minutes to review expenses. Drilling into Q2, compensation and benefits was $103 million, up $4 million from the prior quarter. This increase was attributable to an increase in our bonus accrual due to strong cash earnings performance. Our combined headcount at the end of Q2 stood at 2,460, an increase of 50 people during the second quarter. We reiterate our full-year expense guidance of $1.13 billion to $1.14 billion, excluding the CMA impairment, which implies second-half expense of $573 million to $583 million.  Q2 operating income was $536 million, the high-water mark since Q1 of 2008. For the second quarter, our operating margin was 66%. In the non-operating income and expense category, on the investment income line, we recorded $5.5 million in dividends, down $4 million versus Q1. Also interest expense increased due to the full quarter impact of the $613 million of additional debt we incurred for the Dow Jones transaction. In the second quarter, we paid down $300 million of commercial paper, bringing our total debt to $2.8 billion. We will be paying down our next maturity in August, bringing our debt down to $2.5 billion and our debt-to-EBITDA ratio to approximately 1.3x. A detailed illustration of our debt structure is included in our earnings slides. In the second quarter, we repurchased 46,000 CME Group shares. In addition, in the month of July, we repurchased more than 1 million shares of CME Group stocks totaling $279 million at an average price of $272 per share. As part of our announced transaction with BM&FBOVESPA, we issued to them $2.2 million CME Group shares on July 16 and received $607 million. So we have nearly offset the dilution associated with the share issuance. As Craig mentioned earlier, longer-term, we plan to return excess capital to shareholders in an efficient way beginning as early as next year. For the quarter, our effective tax rate was 41.7%, excluding the CME impairment. For the full year 2010, we expect an effective rate of between 41% and 42% on a GAAP basis. Capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $28 million in the second quarter, driven primarily by hardware and software attributed to migration of trading systems to our new data center as well as continued build-out in our office facilities. Our full year guidance remains at $180 million to $200 million, with data center and facility build-out continuing in the second half of the year. In summary, the second quarter was tremendous. We excelled on a top line and delivered virtually all of the incremental revenue to the bottom line. We look forward to leveraging our platform like this in the future and delivering profitable growth.  We will now open up the call for your questions. In order to get to everyone, we are limiting all of you to one question and one follow-up, and then please feel free to get back in the queue if time permits.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll have our first question from Rich Repetto, Sandler O'Neill.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O`Neill: I guess the first question is more on the expense guidance, Jamie. That's a jump up from this quarter's run rate, if you multiply that times two for the back half. And I'm trying to see where the Dow Jones is impacting and how much that's contributing to the expense pickup in the second half.
James Parisi: Yes, certainly, that was impacting it somewhat, and then also, as we continue through the year, we'll continue to see expenditures in our growth initiatives on the OTC front as well as other fronts. So that's driving a good part of it. And we are hiring more, you heard that we added 50 people this past quarter tied to the growth of the company and growth of the top line, and were working to continue to invest there, and that's going to drive those expenses as well.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O`Neill: Okay. Follow up, but we can do it offline. My follow-up question, I guess, would be to Terry and Craig on financial reform. And, Terry and Craig, you've seen some more activity now. Youve seen this eras, the sweff [ph] (0:31:54) as well as you get Goldman coming up with agency clearing services. So I guess the question is, with this financial reform package, your role -- youve talked about just being the clearer for now, but you can see it fast developing around you as people try to get ahead of the one-year sort of implementation. So I guess the question is, from what you've seen, are you going to stick with the clearing role? Or are there any plans to get more active in, potentially, the trading side as well?
Craig Donohue: Rich, it's Craig. I think we've made a very strong commitment to our partners in the over-the-counter trading and clearing space to really support them with post-trade clearing services. And weve really been working hard to kind of work toward the adoption of the open-access clearing model. So what we envision is partnering with not only the sell side but the buy side to support their activities with swap clearing, but also to support market participants who may be developing swap execution facilities but who value the clearing capabilities of CME Group. So that's really our focus. It's not to say that there's no areas within which we might develop [audio gap] that might ultimately trade on a swap execution facility, but I think it's important to stress that our primary commitment is really to support our customers with clearing services.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O`Neill: Okay. That helps.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Carrier, Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: Just on the rate per contract, you gave the color on the customer mix, which is helpful. And we can get the product mix. Just given the level of volumes, was there much of an impact just in terms of the rate per contract, given any tiering for the different customer segments?
James Parisi: Yes, certainly, as we saw higher levels of volume, there was some impact from the tiering. It wasn't the largest of the contributors to that decrease in the rate, though.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then, just on the over-the-counter side, just any update you guys can give in terms of your thoughts? You mentioned just on the clearing and working with the market participants, your regulation is going to take some time. But more from CME's platform, particularly on the rate side, just any update on timing? What you're hearing from customers in terms of liking your platform? Any adjustments or tweaks that you're making? Just any update there?
Craig Donohue: Mike, it's Craig. I think there's not a lot new to say. Clearly, there's tremendous demand for clearing services on the customer side. And I think it's fair to say that there's a very high level of engagement by the entire industry, certainly including the swap dealer community given the legislation and given the customer interest in Central Counterparty Clearing services. So we're continuing to do what we've been doing, which is we're involved in a very active set of negotiations with market participants, and we have a lot of different work streams that we are working through right now. Obviously, there's a strong movement by the GSEs to Central Counterparty Clearing for rate swaps. And we're doing everything possible to be ready to support all of our customers and all of our swap dealer partners in accomplishing that.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay.
Operator: We'll go next to Howard Chen, Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG: Craig, just on regulatory reform. I know its challenging to quantify the impact right now, but was just hoping you could just give us a feel for what provisions and what specifics you and the team are looking for during this role-making process. So how do we gauge how big of a potential winner this can kind of be for you and the industry?
Craig Donohue: I have to say, I think that for the time being, I think that's very difficult in terms of making it quantifiable versus sort of a more qualitative assessment, in part because, as you're likely aware, there are 267 rulemakings that will come from this new legislation. And very broad, enabling authority to the financial market regulators to make a lot of decisions, frankly, about, ultimately, the market structure and the regulatory requirements. So we'll have more to say on that as we start to see some of the rules that are coming forward. But at least as we've looked at the Dodd-Frank Act preliminarily, there's a lot of activity currently done by swap dealers and major swap participants in our markets, which we think won't really be affected very much, at least by the legislation, when you look at what is still a permissible bank activity and you look at the degree to which banks and swap dealers will continue to be able to hedge net swap book risks without any major kind of structural changes, at least in the way that they're organized. So we spent a lot of time on that, but I think we're going to have to sort of withhold any sort of quantification of things until we have a better assessment of the rules.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. Look forward to hearing more about it. Just with what all that happened during the second quarter, could you just give us a feel for there are any meaningful shifts in the customer segmentation or breakdown that you sometimes provide?
James Parisi: Howard, Jamie. Basically we saw very consistent participation across the customer sets thats very similar to what we saw in the prior quarters.
Howard Chen - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay.
Operator: We'll go next to Alex Kramm, UBS.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank: Just want to come back to Rich's question from earlier on, the interest rate swap side, in particular as it relates to the ERIS thing. Can you actually outline what exactly you're doing there? And your involvement in how that came together? And then related to that, obviously, in the past, your relationship with the dealers has at some point been challenging. And some of our discussions with them has been that they're not too happy, initially, with what's going on there. So just wanted to see any feedback from discussions? Or clarify that you're still very much focused on the dealer relationship in clearing going forward?
Craig Donohue: I actually appreciate that question, because I think it's very important to say very strongly that this doesn't change what I said earlier in terms of, really, our commitment being focused on providing post-trade clearing services. But at the same time, as I think we mentioned, the legislation does require open, non-discriminatory access. We had, even well prior to the legislation, articulated that our business model would be sort of an open-architecture model of supporting market participants with clearing services. We have no relationship with ERIS other than, obviously, were a provider of clearing services, and we'll be doing that pursuant to a service level agreement. But that does not represent an effort on our part to get involved in sort of the execution component of the market. But we do expect that we'll have a wide array of potential customers that will look to us for clearing services in the interest rate swaps clearing area. What ERIS is planning on doing is, really, trading, basically, swap futures contracts, so variance of traditional swap contracts and interest rates.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. Then, I think the focus here concerning OTC has been mostly on the interest rate side lately, but I think you're still moving forward with CDS, so can you give us any update there? In particular, if you look at the Dodd-Frank Act, it sounds like theyre really pushing for an FCM model, which your main competitor is not really operating under. So just wondering if you think that could be a little bit of a tailwind for you. And if there's been any renewed interest, I guess, from both the sell side and buy side.
Craig Donohue: So obviously, the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act are probably very complementary to the structure that we had adopted, given that, as youve described it, it really was sort of an FCM-centric model. So in that sense, it's positive, although I would imagine that, like us, our competitors will also be structuring to be in compliance with the new requirements. In that sense, we're already there. But we're also working with market participants to refine the overall structure of our offering, and those discussions are ongoing.
Alex Kramm - UBS Investment Bank: Very good.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Vinciquerra, BMO Capital Markets.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Your new product here, the FX product, makes a lot of sense, given the complementary nature versus your current products. But can you talk a little bit more about the next area, potentially, for the Dow expansion? Where you're looking? Where are the opportunities?
Craig Donohue: Well, I think what you can see from what we described, I mean, those are a couple of the products that in a very short time since we've entered into the joint venture with Dow Jones, we've been able to kind of bring to market. But in fact, we do have a very broad range of new product development ideas that we're pursuing essentially across all of the different asset classes where we have a significant franchise, either in terms of futures markets or in terms of the Dow Jones indexes area. So we'll have more to say as we kind of bring new products to market, but I think the goal of sort of sharing that with you was really to highlight that we really believe in the complementarities of these different businesses. And it's already beginning to generate new innovation opportunities for us.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Great, okay. And then we talked a lot about kind of a global expansion of your client base, and obviously youve got several international agreements in place already. But can you talk more specifically about -- you mentioned that your costs are going to go up from global marketing efforts going forward. Can you talk more specifically about what that, exactly, means? What you guys are pursuing? And how you go about developing new participants outside the U.S.?
James Parisi: Sure. I can start and then Craig can jump in. In terms of the marketing spend, obviously were going to look to market more global participants in our markets, and that will increase our expenses on the other expense line. That's one of the areas where, Rich had asked earlier, thats one of the areas where we'll see additional [audio gap] in the second half. And then, we're also putting some significant focus on our energy sales force, going forward and trying to continue to globalize that product as well, given the global nature of the products themselves. So
Craig Donohue: Yes. I just would add, I don't think you should expect kind of major step function increases in human capital to support that. But we are obviously taking a strategic view of where we think the growth is, where we think the customer acquisition opportunities are, and we do want to make sure that we have the sales resources in Europe and Asia and emerging markets that can help us really tap that growth. But I describe it as incremental.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Fair enough.
Operator: We'll go next to Roger Freeman, Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Just wanted to come back to OTC. Can you just clarify that, with respect to sort of the trading opportunity, is your sort of commitment to the clearing side up front here more a function of not wanting to walk that fine line with competing with the customer? Or because you think the market as it exists today isn't really tuned to trade on an exchange model as we think about it because of absolute volumes or average size of trades being more block-oriented?
Craig Donohue: I think my best answer to that is really that, first of all, the law is already providing for swap execution facilities, so standardized swap contracts that are subject to the mandatory clearing and mandatory trading requirements can be done on either a traditional exchange, a DCM if you will, or a swap execution facility. And the swap execution facility hasn't really yet been kind of defined with a great deal of specificity. That's one of the SEC and the CFTC will be doing. And I think that, that, itself, is going to be important for assessing how certain swap contracts will trade effectively. And so, it's very difficult to sort of answer that question right now. But I would say from where we stand right now and in looking at what the swap execution facility definition is in the legislation, we're expecting that it will be possible for swap dealers and interdealer brokers to structure their own swap execution facilities to continue the business model and market structure which they've historically had. There will be some changes to that, but it may not be, in fact, very revolutionary or transformational. And I think we have to respect the fact that they're going to want to continue doing the business in the way that they have been. And I'll just say again that in the last two years of very heavy engagement with market participants in the over-the-counter markets, the message that theyve gotten, and we're trying to be very responsive to our customers is, we really think you guys have a great value proposition and clearing. So that's our focus.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Makes a lot of sense. Okay. And then, I guess my second question is just, I guess, the guarantee pool. How do you feel about managing a guarantee pool that's actually going to pretty easily be over a $1 trillion versus $100 billion or so today. Do you think from a risk management perspective, you're going to have to invest a lot around this? Or can you just scale that up? And how will your capital contributions grow if that pool grows to multiples of what it is today? And thinking about that from the standpoint of your returning excess capital shareholders?
Craig Donohue: So I'm going to sort of say that I think it's somewhat preliminary to try to answer that question. That is very much at the heart of some of the negotiations and discussions that we're having with the market participants. And obviously, we're very comfortable moving into the over-the-counter clearing area. We recognize and appreciate and have made our own assessments of what the sort of kind of margin and guarantee fund dynamics are going to look like depending on what level of swaps are ultimately cleared. So we're comfortable with that and we're comfortable with the risk management aspects, but the sort of capitalization of the clearing facility and the guarantee fund and our contribution to that are really things that have to sort of be held in reserve until weve completed that negotiation process.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Fair enough.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Worthington, JPMorgan.
Kenneth Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Maybe turning back to the core business, you give a detailed look of the drivers of the FX volume and potential growth there. Can you provide the same detailed look as what you see as the key drivers of both your interest rate and your energy futures volume businesses over, say, the next 12 to 18 months?
Craig Donohue: I think we've touched very briefly on that. Obviously, the interest rate products perform best in an environment where we either have kind of directional shifts and changes in interest rate policy or federal monetary policy. And I think it's fairly clear that, at least for the very near term, we're going to be in a more static environment absent something unusual happening. But clearly, if you look at market sentiment and sort of expectations about Fed rate hikes, we're probably looking at the second quarter of 2011. That should obviously be a positive catalyst for volumes to the extent that is realized. And in the energy areas, I mean, there continues to be strong growth and demand for energy as well as volatility in energy prices. And of course, weather and other dynamics are affecting those kinds of supply and demand issues, so that's been a strong catalyst for growth.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then maybe second question, did you receive or book any revenue from the BM&F technology relationship? Or were there any meaningful expenses as that relationship ramps up in the second quarter?
James Parisi: Yes, Ken, this is Jamie. We will be incurring expenses. Were hiring consultants and actually deploying staff toward that development effort. However, there are some payments from BM&F in the current year back due us to help cover some of that. So it's a very small impact overall on our income statement.
Kenneth Worthington - JP Morgan Chase & Co: But anything in the second quarter or not? Or is that all pushed forward in the second half of the year?
Craig Donohue: There's a little bit in the second quarter, probably in the neighborhood of a couple of million dollars and then ramping up slightly from there.
Mark Lane - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And that was a couple million dollars expenses or the revenues?
Craig Donohue: That would be on the expense side.
Mark Lane - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay.
Operator: We'll go next to Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: I know you're excited that the U.S. is behind us, at least the first step of the legislation, but I wanted to focus a little bit on Europe and concerns or, whether or not youre excited about that market, there seems to be some issues, potentially, with protectionism with various countries is clearing. And if that's the case, how would you address it?
Craig Donohue: Celeste, I'm not sure that I got the full gist of your question. What were you referring to?
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Sorry. So Europe is following the U.S. in terms of putting in place clearing requirements and things like that for the OTC market. But it seems like there's a lot of questions around what country or how different countries are going to deal with where clearing houses reside.
Craig Donohue: Okay. Yes. Well, I think you're aware that we've had underway for quite some time a application to establish a registered clearing house in the U.K. We're continuing to make, I think, very good progress on the completion of our application there and, hopefully, expecting approval very shortly. That will be an enabler for us on couple of different fronts. Were envisioning that being an opportunity for us to offer more clearing choice to our customers in our core business. So for example, our application includes a large number of energy contracts that we believe there's demand from European customers to clear locally there. And then also, we do envision it will support our efforts to be a broad-based provider across asset classes and across geographies of over-the-counter swaps, clearing services. So we're not feeling any kind of protectionism in that regard. We're going through a professional process and believe were being treated very fairly by the local authorities there.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Sorry, I didn't mean protectionism in terms of excluding U.S. companies, but I guess more various countries wanting the clearing house to be in one place versus another place. And does it end being too fragmented to have an efficient marketplace from a clearing investment perspective?
Craig Donohue: I don't think so. I mean obviously, there are some reported tensions between the European union and the United Kingdom, for example, if that's what you're referring to. But ultimately, as we have today, I mean, we have a large number of major central counterparties that exist in different locations, all of which have significant utility and critical mass in terms of meeting market participants needs. So I don't consider it to be significantly fragmented, but there certainly is a multiplicity of central counterparties out there, and I think that will continue to be the case.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Great. And just, as a follow-up, somebody asked the question a bit before about Dow Jones, but I guess, is the timing of the deal closing, does that impact the licensing fee expenses in the quarter? And how should we think about their run rate going forward? Or is it just more of question of mix in the quarter than anything? Theyre a bit lower in the quarter than they've been historically.
Craig Donohue: Certainly, when we closed the Dow and when you consolidate, we no longer have the license fee expense associated with that. So weve got the full quarter effect of the Dow in the second quarter, so that should be a good indication going forward.
Operator: We'll have our next question from Niamh Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: If I could go back to the U.S. legislation, and John and I were talking about this, theres some small language in there that I think it protects the versatile model and I think, but it's primarily related to OTC. But I'd appreciate your interpretation of it. So it's essentially saying that a clearing house is not required to take a position from another clearing house. So is that just from the OTC markets? Or could we, say, apply that logic to the ELX situation and maybe in your competitors situation in the futures markets as well?
Craig Donohue: Okay, let me try to provide a little clarity about that. There are different provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that apply to swaps clearing, and then the provision that I believe you're referring to is a provision that is intended to reduce the systemic risk potential of credit relationships between and among clearinghouses in the listed derivatives markets, maybe to begin with. So on the over-the-counter product side, there is what we call the kind of non-discriminatory open-access provision. And generally speaking, I mean, I think theres a lot of confusion about those in the first instance in that they absolutely do not provide for inter-operability and fundability per se. It's probably a little bit too arcane to get into in this call. But that's the one side of it. And then the provision that you're referring to is limited to the listed derivative markets, and it really is intended to ensure that there isn't a kind of systemic-risk domino effect by forcing linkages between clearinghouses. And then, maybe the third part is just that I don't think it really has any bearing on the EFF issues, which are not clearing house transfers of positions between clearing houses with credit relationships. So hopefully that's helpful. We could spend more time outside the call if you want to, but
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Sure. Yes, no, that does help on the EFF issue as well. And then if I could, just to stick with the legislation again, if I may, position in the futures markets. I guess the comment letters are in, and the CFTC's obviously got a lot to do right now. But what are the biggest risks to your business from proposed position for the futures markets that we should be thinking about there?
Craig Donohue: Yes, I think first of all, we're very pleased with the final provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. You'll probably remember that since the inception of the discussions about position limits in energy and metals markets, we've always maintained the view that it would not make sense to impose position limits on already-regulated, reportable and surveyed markets if you didn't also impose those limits on foreign markets or OTC market participants. And I think one of the useful things in the Dodd-Frank Act is it does clearly establish that parity. So first of all, the level-playing-field concerns, I think, have been largely eliminated. Secondly, in looking at, at least the initial proposal from the CFTC, I think, based on the feedback that they got from not only ourselves but other industry participants, I think they've tried to develop a regime and set those limits at a level where they're not going to grossly encumber current market participants use of our markets. So I think a lot of those concerns have gone away. Obviously, we still have are of the view that position limits in terms of being mandated are not really that useful and certainly not warranted by the evidence that exists, not only the CFTC's own studies but our own studies of what drove pricing dynamics and crude oil in commodity markets during that summer. But I think in general, it's come out better in terms of addressing some of our concerns.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay. Fair enough.
Operator: We'll go next to Daniel Harris with Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I wanted to follow up a little bit on the relationship that you guys struck with CBOE on the mix. And, Craig, you actually mentioned volatility a few times when discussing some of the drivers of your products. What should we be looking for over the next few quarters, both in terms of any index releases and then any launch of the futures? And have you guys thought about what the opportunity is in that relationship?
Craig Donohue: Well, of course, we're very pleased with that relationship. The CBOE has, I think, done a very good job in the development of the VIX index and VIX futures contracts as well. And so what we're excited about is the opportunity to kind of work together to develop volatility-based products based on other asset classes. Our focus is really not in the equity area since CBOE is already doing a lot of innovation in that area themselves, but we have the opportunity to, basically, use the VIX methodology and to jointly develop new volatility indexes with CBOE collaboratively in products like energy and commodities and foreign exchange. And so that's a fertile area and something that we're working on. Until we actually announce new products, I can't say much more than that. But we think it's a really nice new-product-development area for both of us.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then on market data, if we look back over the last five or six quarters, the screen count has continued to slide here post the NYMEX acquisition. Obviously, we've had some rough times in the financial markets. But at what point do you think that we hit some level of stability in the screen count? And is there any thought that, that could go higher over time?
James Parisi: Yes. As you look at it, if you look back at the last significant recession, around 2001, the device counts fell between 10% and 13%. Currently, we're down about 14% versus our peak. And then you saw it in this quarter, where the number of screens falling off has really, that number itself has declined. Only a thousand screens fell off this quarter. So I think you're starting to see us, hopefully, reach that bottom. As Wall Street starts to spend more and hire more, we should see that start to pick up.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay.
Operator: We'll go next to Christopher Allen with Ticonderoga.
Christopher Allen - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: I just wanted to ask about the capital structure guiding principles and how we should think about the growth opportunities in reconciling the two moving forward.
James Parisi: I think, Chris, Craig said it on there that in the near term, we don't see any significant M&A opportunity out there. So were going to, of course, keep an eye out, but in light of that, we're going to monitor our capital structure, monitor the excess cash we've got and make sure that weve got enough on our balance sheet to cover things like our requirements for our current core business operations, our core clearing operations, potentially the new clearing operations as it relates to OTC, and then some for small bolt-on capability extending acquisition along the way. So I do think when you look at how much cash flow we generate each year, roughly $1 billion, and as we grow, that will grow given the nice leverage in the model that there's going to [audio gap] opportunity in capital as early as next year.
Craig Donohue: Chris, let me just jump in and add that I think it's important to say, I mean, we have a very bullish view of our growth opportunities organically in our core businesses. I mean, we've just spent a couple of years finishing what I would consider to be kind of the first phase of integration, which is really the operational integrations and sort of accomplishment of the cost synergies of putting the CME in the Chicago Board of trade and NYMEX and COMEX business portfolios together. But the second step of that is, really, to begin to harness the growth and sort of synergy and complementaries that we have across these different business portfolios around the world. So I wouldn't want the sort of the capital structure guidelines and what we described to sort of to be confused with our growth outlook.
Christopher Allen - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: And is it fair to say that mostly the over-the-counter growth opportunities basically rely on CME utilizing its current operating infrastructure, so the incremental investment necessary there is going to be minimal?
James Parisi: There's certainly investment associated with it. That's why you've seen some of the increase that we have this year in terms of headcount and some of that increase in the expense versus prior year. So there is some investment baked into our thoughts. We do get to leverage some of our existing platforms, but there is that additional investment. But it's not overly excessive and is something we can manage easily.
Christopher Allen - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: Great.
Operator: And we'll have our final question from Mark Lane, William Blair & Company.
Mark Lane - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: So just to clarify, Jamie, on the expenses. So your original guidance at the beginning of the year was $1.1 billion, and now it's $1.13 billion to $1.14 billion. So what is the specific impact from Dow Jones in the change?
James Parisi: Dow Jones for the year, I want to say, if I'm remembering correctly, was roughly in the neighborhood of $30 million or so, if I'm remembering properly for a full year. So I can get you more details on that also.
Mark Lane - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: So there's not really a change in the overall guidance. Maybe a slight little tiny amount of pressure.
James Parisi: Right.
Mark Lane - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And then, on the rulemaking process for the legislation. So how do you see this process playing out? Are there areas that you expect to get better defined first? Major areas? And what might those be? Or how do you see this playing out?
James Parisi: Well, Mark, its very difficult to sort of answer that, because each agency has its own sort of agenda. I mean, I can tell you Terry and I, having met with the chairmen of the CFTC and the FTC as well as the other commissioners and senior staff, they've laid out a very aggressive and comprehensive plan for how they will meet the requirements of the Act in terms of the development and promulgation of those rules. We don't have complete transparency into underneath that, what is the order of priority. But we certainly would expect that position limits is something that they will probably take up early, given that, that was already a area of significant workflow for the commission. But we're going to have to wait to really see that.
Mark Lane - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: So would you expect like some sort of announcement to say, by a timetable to be laid out? Or you just don't have any idea yet?
Craig Donohue: Well, there are various requirements within the statutes. They vary depending on the provisions of the act. But I would say just sort of rough, ballpark, on a not-held basis, I think by November or December of this year, we will see already a substantial amount of new rulemaking coming out for comment.
Mark Lane - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay, great.
Operator: That concludes the question-and-answer session. I'll turn the conference back over to Mr. John Peschier for additional or closing remarks.
John Peschier: Thank you all for joining us. Feel free to call us if you have any follow-up questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Craig Donohue: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig Donohue - CEO Terry Duffy - Executive Chairman  Jamie Parisi - CFO Phupinder Gill - President Bryan Durkin - Chief Operating Officer  Kim Taylor - Head of Clearing  Laurent Paulhac - Managing Director, OTC Products & Services Rick Redding -Managing Director, Products & Services initiative
Analysts: Mike Carrier - Deutsche Bank Dan Fannon - Jefferies Howard Chen - Credit Suisse Rich Repetto - Sandler ONeill Alex Kramm - UBS Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs Christopher Allen - Ticonderoga Securities Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets Niamh Alexander - KBW Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus Don Fandetti - Citigroup  Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna Rob Rutschow - CLSA Justin Schack - Rosenblatt Securities
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CME Group First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks, and introductions I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier:  Thank you all for joining us. Craig Donohue, our CEO; Terry Duffy, our Executive Chairman; and Jamie Parisi, our CFO will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the first quarter, and then we will open up the call for your questions. Also joining us for participation in the Q&A session are Phupinder Gill, our President; Bryan Durkin; our Chief Operating Officer; Kim Taylor, our head of Clearing; Laurent Paulhac, Managing Director, OTC Products & Services; and Rick Redding; Managing Director, Products & Services initiative. Some of our team is working from Chicago, while others are working hard in New York, so please bear with us as we may jump around a little bit during the Q&A session. Before they begin, Id read the safe harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the accompanying slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K and 10-Q which are available on the Investor Relations portion of our website. Now I would like to turn the call over to Craig.
Craig Donohue:  Good morning and thank you for joining us. Im pleased to be speaking to you today from a really different place both in the macroeconomic sense, and certainly from CMEs perspective than we found ourselves during the first quarter last year. To begin with first quarter volumes tell a positive and compelling story with 12% growth in average daily volume and a 24% increase in open interest since Q1 09. With the exception of equities exchange-traded volumes by asset class are up by double digit percentages from first quarter last year. April ADV of 11.6 million contracts is strong, and up from the first quarter. This notable as April has traditionally been one of the slowest months for us. Interest rates were up 33% in Q1, and this months volume is up 64% compared to last April. Recognizing that Q1 09 was an extremely depressed volume environment for interest rates, we are very pleased with these growth percentages, but also continue to look forward for potential indicators of ongoing growth. To that end, we continue to believe that the growing inventory of treasuries will need to be hedged in a more volatile interest rate environment. The expectation for treasury issuance this year is $2.3 trillion, up 7% from $2.1 trillion in 2009. In addition, the Federal Reserve officially ended its $1.25 trillion program to purchase mortgage-backed securities, a plan that was one of the single largest initiatives ever undertaken by the federal government to support the US economy. In terms of trading activity, the Feds participation in this market restrained hedging and futures trading as they acted to keep the mortgage market range bound. Additionally, Eurodollars have historically been used to express opinions about future Fed activity, and expectations are for a more active Fed once the zero interest rate policy draws to a close. CME Groups Fed funds futures are currently reflecting a 34% probability of a rate hike by September, a 52% probability of an increase in November, and a 68% increase by December. As we have mentioned before, we have seen the depth of our central limit order book significantly expand in many product areas and our average bid-ask spread has tightened, particularly in interest rates since the credit crisis. Slide eight shows the growing liquidity available on our treasury and Eurodollar markets along with other products. The recently announced interest rate offerings from other exchanges and consortiums have captured some headlines. However, our focus has been and will continue to be fostering liquidity in our markets, which supports customer trading, helps us attract new customers and reduces overall trading costs. Equities have been challenged in the first quarter by the weight of decreasing volatility, a slow upward rise in equity values, and difficult comparables in Q1 09. Low volatility has impacted the cash equities market and other futures products, such as the EURO STOXX and FTSE. However, we have had two days over the last few weeks including this Wednesday when equity volumes exceeded 4.5 million contracts, so as equity markets become less range bound we would expect these volumes to rise as well. In addition, were very pleased with the success weve had increasing the volume and revenue contributions from other asset classes. The FX asset class had a record revenue quarter and energy and metals were near peak from a revenue perspective. Taken together, revenue from these three asset classes was up 18% from Q1 09. Trends in these products during the month of April continued to show strong strength with volume up 45% compared with April last year. I would like to now provide you with an update on our globalization strategy as this past quarter has been a very active period for us with a number of significant accomplishments. Our globalization strategy is primarily oriented to expanding our core businesses and building deep liquidity in our products 24 hours a day. We have a multipronged effort which includes expanding our own global sales force and technology distribution, and by also partnering with leading exchanges and markets where we see high growth potential. The partnerships allow us to accelerate our market penetration, expand our customer reach, and develop our product sales channels with local brokers. Nearly all of our products are global benchmarks that have universal appeal to customers, both domestically and internationally. We are selectively adding sales and marketing staff in the EMEA, Latin American, and Asian markets, and we now have 50 sales and marketing and business development employees outside of the US contributing to our strong progress and future growth potential in these markets. In the first quarter, we enhanced the liquidity and volume in our core products and markets during non-US trading hours in order to better serve our European and Asian customers, which you can see on slide 10. Volumes on CME Globex during these periods grew 58% compared to Q1 09, with volume during European hours up 55%, and during Asian hours 75%. Another way we measure our progress is to look at volume processed through our eight international telecommunications hubs. These low-cost, high reliability services continue to generate excellent results in our core business. Volumes through these hubs represented 12% of our overall electronic volume in Q1, up from 10% in Q1 09, and the hub volumes grew 35% versus the prior year, faster than our overall volume growth rate. We are focusing on core growth in global markets, because we fundamentally believe that Asia, Latin America, and other emerging markets will experience superior economic and financial markets growth over the next decade compared with the more mature North American and European markets. Slide 11 shows expected GDP growth rates in countries around the world between now and 2020. As I mentioned, our approach also includes launching or partnering with premier exchanges to launch more foreign products on the CME Globex platform that are attractive to our international customers. In recent months, we have been very active and successful in expanding the range of foreign products to be traded on or accessed through the CME Globex platform, including five of the worlds most actively traded equity futures contracts, the Brazilian iBovespa, the Korean KOSPI 200, the Indian Nifty 50, the Mexican IPC, and trading hours extension of our already successful Japanese Nikkei 225 contract. Also two of the worlds most actively traded interest rate products, the Brazilian overnight interest rate contract and Mexican bond futures. And finally, all of the Malaysian and Dubai derivatives products, including the benchmark crude palm oil contract and the Oman sour crude contracts. Our efforts to globalize our business are in an early stage, but we are encouraged by our progress to-date reflected in both the current volume numbers and the quality of the firms with whom we have partnered. Based on our track record of helping our partners prosper, we believe we are well positioned to maximize the revenue generated from the trading of our entire suite of CME Group products. In conclusion, volume and open interest in all of our business segments with the exception of equities is considerably stronger than a year ago with double-digit growth from year ago levels. Second, we continue to focus intently on growing our core businesses through expanding our distribution, global client acquisition, new product development, and further enhancing the technology and clearing services we provide our customers. Finally, we believe that financial services regulatory reform will likely serve as a positive catalyst for both our core business results as well as our growth initiatives in OTC clearing services. Now, Id like to turn it over to Terry to discuss recent developments in this area.
Terry Duffy:  Thanks, Craig. Id like to update you on the most recent developments with regulatory reform. In general, the focus continues to be consumer protection and increasing transparency and safety and soundness in the OTC derivatives market. Our transparent and regulated exchange markets continue to be the model that market users and policymakers are looking to in crafting new legislation. The following is an overview of the House and Senate derivatives provisions. Of course, the legislation process is not yet final, and these provisions as well as others could be changed as the process continues. With respect to futures markets, the current draft bill generally provides for limited changes. First; the House bill requires the CFTC to establish position limits for physical commodities and limit exemptions to pure commercial hedgers. It also requires that the CFTCs position on this apply simultaneously to OTC participants and foreign boards of trade. The Senate version requires that the CFTC to establish aggregate position limits across markets for contracts based on the same underlying commodity, but preserves the authority of exchanges and swap execution facilities to establish position limits that are not higher than the maximum limits set by the CFTC. The Senate version does not limit hedge exemptions to commercial hedgers. Apart from the draft bills, the CFTC has already proposed a position limits regime for energy markets. We continue to oppose position limits on US futures markets until such time as the Commission has imposed similar requirements on foreign boards of trade, exempt commercial markets, and OTC market participants. Second; both the House and Senate versions propose extensive changes for the OTC markets. All swaps listed for clearing by a clearing house would be required to be cleared, as well as traded on exchanges or swap execution facilities pursuant to CFTC rules and procedures. The Senate bill would extend this requirement to foreign exchange swaps. Both the House and Senate bills include exemptions for end users. The House bill provides an automatic exemption for legitimate hedging by parties that are not swap dealers or major swap participants. The Senate version is more limited, applying only to commercial end users hedging their own commercial risks. The Senate language provides that in the case of clear swaps between either swap dealers or major swap participants and financial entities, the financial entity has the sole right to select the clearing house at which the swap will be clear. The House bill does not include such a provision. Also, the Senate version provides that even where a swap is not required to be clearer, a financial entity or end user counterparty to such a swap can elect to have the swap cleared and has the sole right to select the clearing house at which the swap will be cleared. The House bill does not include this provision. Both the House and the Senate language require that clearing houses must provide for open access and non-discriminatory clearing of a swap executed at an unaffiliated platform. Unlike the House bill, the Senate version stipulates that a clearing house is not required to clear any swap that adversely effects its business operations or financial position or which could pose systemic risk to the clearing house. The Senate language requires banks to spin off swap dealing activities or forego Federal protection such as deposit insurance or access to the Fed discount window. The House bill does not include such a requirement. The Senate language prohibits Federal assistance to swap dealers. Major swap participants are exchanges and clearing houses. This provision is counter to the Senate Banking Committee language reported in March that grants clearing houses the ability to seek loans from the Federal Reserve. The House bill does not preclude the Federal Reserve from providing assistance to clearing houses or exchanges. Under both the House and Senate provisions, swap dealers and major swap participants will be subject to registration, recordkeeping and reporting rules, as well as capital and margin requirements. Finally, customized non-standardized swaps would not be subject to the mandatory clearing requirement, but would be subject to higher capital requirements. While we have urged lawmakers to adopt capital and other incentives to encourage the adoption of central counterparty clearing service systems for OTC derivates versus mandatory requirements, we nevertheless believe the draft legislation will be a positive catalyst for our various OTC clearing services initiatives in interest rate swaps, OTC, FX, and credit default swaps. We believe that our expertise in clearing, our strong financial safeguard systems, and our substantial portfolio and cross-margining capabilities, makes us well positioned to work with the swap market participants to develop clearing services that meet their needs as the OTC business evolves. Before I turn the call over to Jamie, I would just like to note that the Senate did vote last night with the motion to proceed, so we will begin to see the debate on the Senate floor on the regulatory reform package. Jamie?
James Parisi:  CME Group turned in a strong first quarter financial performance as average daily volume climbed to 11.5 million contracts per day, up from the 10.1 to 10.3 million ADV range we experienced in each quarter last year, and up 12% compared to the first quarter 2009. We generated $693 million in revenue and operating expenses were up 5% sequentially. This resulted in $415 million of operating income and diluted earnings per share of $3.62. Since we completed the NYMEX integration in the fourth quarter last year, we are no longer providing pro forma comparisons. Rather this quarter we will provide our results on a GAAP basis only, and explain any unusual items which are included. First quarter 2010 results did include $6 million in non-operating income for the recovery of the bankruptcy claim, and a $6 million reduction in certain tax reserves, offset primarily by $10 million of professional fees related to establishing the Companys joint venture with Dow Jones. These three items increased net income by less than $2 million. Additionally, first quarter 2010 figures include the results of Dow Jones indexes beginning March 19th and there is a new line in the income statement and balance sheet related to the Dow Jones, Inc. minority interest in the CME Group Index Services business. Turning to customer segmentation, we made some enhancements to the data we provided last year by adding in the NYMEX user data and allocating the other member total more precisely to other categories including individual members, hedge funds, et cetera. We also now show a new category, which is the volume from corporate participants for those we can track, with the remainder of these types of users falling in with the rest of the non-member customer category. Slide 15 shows this new breakdown going back to the second quarter of 2009, which is as far back as the NYMEX data is available on a comparable basis. Sequentially, we saw an increase in the bank dealer and buy-side [prop] percentages, while the individual member percentage decreased. The overall pro forma rate per contracts for all CME Group volume decreased 2% to $0.821 compared with $0.839 in the first quarter 2009, primarily due to an increase in our lower priced interest rate contracts to 44% of total volume from 37% a year ago. Sequentially, the rate per contract decreased $0.028 from $0.849 to $0.821 also due to product mix shift. We experienced higher volume from our lower priced interest rate and currency contracts, and a smaller percentage of volume originating from the ClearPort products. Additionally, the proportion of contracts traded by members increased slightly from Q4 2009 to Q1 2010. Some of you may have noticed the decrease in our rolling three month RPC from February to March. This was driven primarily by a higher mix of member trades in the month of March versus the month of December, as member trading grew at 23%, and non-member trading grew at 9% between these two periods. Market data revenue of $88 million for the quarter was up 7% sequentially, driven by a price increase and slightly offset by lower professional screen count. At the end of the first quarter, users subscribed to 386,000 base devices across CME, CBOT, and NYMEX, down 10% versus Q1 of last year, and down 3% sequentially. We had a professional screen fee increase from $55 to $61 per month beginning in January of 2010. In addition, we booked $1.1 million in this category related to the Dow business during the first quarter. Ill now take a few minutes to review expenses. Total operating expenses were $279 million for Q1, which included $10 million in professional fees this quarter for banker and legal fees related to negotiating and closing the Dow Jones transaction. Drilling into Q1 expenses, compensation and benefits was $98.8 million, up $9.8 million from the prior quarter. This increase was due primarily to higher base comp and benefits, resulting from a $7 million sequential increase in the vacation accrual and FICA expenses and $1 million related to merit and promotion increases. Our combined headcount at the end of Q1 stood at 2,415, an increase of 25 people since the beginning of the year, plus the impact of 130 related to the Dow Jones transaction. We expect to add more resources in the coming year to support our core and non-core growth initiatives. Our first quarter bonus expense was $13 million, basically in line with target 2010 annual bonus guidance we gave of $54 million. Non-compensation expenses totaled $180 million or $170 million excluding the Dow transaction cost I mentioned earlier. Excluding the Dow, this is roughly flat versus Q4 2009. Q1 operating income was $415 million, the high watermark since Q3 of 2008. During the first quarter, our operating margin was 60% or more than 61% excluding the Dow transaction related expenses. In the non-operating income and expense category on the investment income line, we received a $9.4 million dividend from BM&F Bovespa. Also interest expense increased due to the $612.5 million of additional debt we incurred for the Dow transaction. The normalized interest expense including the Dow-related debt is expected to trend from $38 million in Q2 to $34 million in Q4 as we plan to pay down $300 million of debt due in August. The detail related to our debt structure is available on slide 18. In addition, as I mentioned earlier, during Q1 we had a $6 million gain from a settlement related to a currency hedge we had with Lehman. During the quarter, we repurchased 935,000 shares of CME stock, totaling $282 million at an average price of $301.25. As part of our announced transaction with BM&F Bovespa, which Craig spoke about earlier, we plan to issue them 2.2 million shares at the close of the transaction following regulatory approval, which we expect in the June-July timeframe. For the quarter, our effective tax rate was 39.8%, which was lower than normal due to a favorable adjustment of $6 million related to the deductibility of merger cost related to the CBOT transaction. For the full year 2010, we expect an effective rate of between 41% and 42%. Capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $26 million in the first quarter driven primarily by hardware and software attributed to migration of trading systems to our new datacenter as well as continued build out in our office facilities. Since we provided our previous expense guidance of $1.1 billion of full-year 2010 expense, weve completed the Dow transaction, which added $10 million of transaction related expense plus approximately $21 million in terms of 2010 operating expenses. For modeling purposes, the ongoing quarterly net impact on expenses related to Dow is approximately $7 million with increases spread primarily across compensation, amortization, and professional fees, and a reduction in license fees. In addition, our share of the multi-asset class trading platform we are building with BM&FBOVESPA is expected to result in $10 million of expense in 2010, which will likely be offset in revenue from our partner. So with the addition of these recently announced transactions, we now expect full year expense of $1.13 billion to $1.14 billion. In summary, we have started the year with strong improvement in our top line and bottom line results, relative to a challenging environment in 2009. So far in April, we are averaging 11.6 million contracts per day, up 24%, despite counting Good Friday with its limited trading of 3.3 million contracts. Excluding that day, our average daily volume is up more than 30% in April versus the prior year. We will now open up the call to your questions but in order to get to everyone, we are limiting all of you to one question and one follow-up, and then please feel free to get back in the queue if time permits.
Operator:
Mike Carrier - Deutsche Bank:  Just on the OTC initiatives, it seems like in the market right now, theres some competition growing based on competitive risk management and whether thats the buffer fund or margin required, I guess, how focused are regulators on this and clients given that the whole point of using a clearing house is to make sure that you significantly reduce you counterparty risk?
Kimberly Taylor:  I think that there has not been a substantial focus among our clients on that provision. I think, the clients feel that coming to a clearing house provides a significant degree of safety, and that our clearing house is very competitive. Our clearing house is very safe and secure compared to competing clearing houses.
Mike Carrier - Deutsche Bank:  And then Jamie, just on the Dow Jones joint venture, you gave the update on the expenses, just from a revenue standpoint, any outlook there. I mean, we know when the transaction was announced, but anything relative to the level?
James Parisi:  Id just say on that point that generally for the first quarter, it was slightly dilutive for us and going forward in the next three quarters it will be neutral to slightly accretive.
Operator: Okay wonderful. And moving out well take our next question from Dan Fannon of Jefferies.
Dan Fannon - Jefferies:  Can you give us an update on your OTC initiatives and what has been somewhat of a holdout for your interest rates swap offering to be kind of officially out there for customers?
Laurent Paulhac:  Yeah, I would be happy to do that. This is Laurent Paulhac. We continue to make very good progress on multiple front covering multiple asset classes. Credit default swap as you know has been a core focus of ours. Interest rate swap has been an effort that has gone on for quite some time. We are currently very actively engaged with a diverse group of industry participants. Were working with a core group of banks as well as institutional buy-side firms. Through that process, we are working through a broad set of complex and challenging situations related to operational readiness, risk management, and other workflow related matters. Were making very good progress in all those areas, and we continue to feel that our offering is shaping up to be a strong one. At this stage, we do not give any expectation of launch date, but this year throughout the year, weve made very good progress, and we continue to expect that through to end of the year.
Dan Fannon - Jefferies:  And is it safe to say that kind of regulatory clarity in terms of getting finalization on the bill would be helpful in terms of you guys getting your offering out there?
Laurent Paulhac:  Weve been engaged on that process for quite some time, and through that period of time the regulatory landscape has evolved. The driving force behind our capability is really related to counterparty risk mitigation and capital efficiency, as well as operational efficiency. Those major themes have not Laurent really changed throughout any of the financial reform discussion. So, we feel quite secure with respect to the value that we bring to the marketplace. Now, of course, with more legislation and more activity in that front, it will create more tailwind for initiative, but to-date that has not been the core driver and actually we welcome that.
Operator: Moving on Howard Chen with Credit Suisse, has our next question.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse:  Terry, I appreciate you walking through just the update from the regulatory landscape. I guess, I have a broad question. Just following all this, it certainly feels like the world is certainly coming towards you and your Companys business model, but just how worried are you that whats being proposed now specifically within Senate Ag is just overall harmful to longer term liquidity levels in the overall market?
Terry Duffy:  I guess, its speculation at best right now Howard, because the language is yet to be completed and with the vote last night by the Senate, it basically opens up the Senate to a bunch of amendments from both sides of the aisle to see if you can carve out some different end user exemptions, and that will have a big determining effect on whether the business can be migrated overseas or stays more predominantly in the US, but you've got to remember two of the biggest mortgage providers Fannie and Freddie are [going probably to] require to clear here in the US, which is going to have banks wanting to be in compliance with US law in order to do that business. So there is a lot of moving parts here still, Howard, but I think well get more clarity over the next several days as the senate continues its debate and see what end user provisions come forward. I don't know if you want to add to that.
Craig Donohue:  The only thing I would add, Howard, is I think in the bills that are pending and, of course, again we dont know exactly how that will come out, but there certainly is a delegation of substantial authority to the market regulators to I think make sound judgments about what types of swap contract should be traded on either an exchange or on alternative swap execution facility and what types of swap contracts perhaps should be exempt from that. And I think if I understood your question correctly, I would imagine that they will be sensitive to respecting the fact that some contracts are complex and likely would suffer in terms of liquidity provision or risk transfer, if they were forced to be traded on an exchange. So we just dont know the answer to that is really I think the best answer.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse:  Thanks for taking a shot at it. I guess my follow-up just switching gears to the core business. I mean the data in terms of depth of liquidity is pretty interesting and telling of kind of the restoration particularly on the rate side. But I was curious if you could just update us on the competitive landscape, particularly with some of the financial products, maybe current state with and how you are thinking about like for Treasury Futures and the impending New York Portfolio Clearing launch and just some of the things that theyve been speaking to in terms of capital efficiencies?
Craig Donohue:  Well, Ill start and then may be my colleagues will want to add. Obviously, we are continuing to focus as I said in the prepared remarks on market efficiency, depth of liquidity, and low transaction and frictional costs for market users. Obviously, the pool of liquidity that we provide our customers is very valuable to them and very substantial. As I know youre well aware, we also provide, I think, very superior portfolio and cross-margining benefits in terms of the range of not only interest rate products but the breadth of other products that we also clear through the CME clearing house but we are also continuing to look at new and new and innovative ways in which we can further expand those efficiencies and well have more to say on that in the coming months. But I think were confident that if we continue to focus on the efficiency of our liquidity pool and the efficiency of our clearing house as well as the other services that we provide our clients will continue to be in a very strong competitive position. This has been always I think a very intensely competitive industry. Weve always respected the competition that weve faced in the past in the Treasury and [Eurodollar] market, and I think youve seen from us a very strong history of doing what we do extremely well in the face of tough competition.
Operator: Moving on our next question comes from Rich Repetto of Sandler O'Neill.
Rich Repetto - Sandler ONeill:  I guess the first question is towards the [topic of this] European regulation. But, Terry, you mentioned that your review and our review as well the Dodd-Linc amendment that it appears like it gives a lot more power to the buy-side to decide where OTC derivatives are cleared. And if you look at the whole environment where Goldman Sachs certainly has had its issues that this other component of the bill that large banks might, we dont think its going to stick, but could have to spin off the derivative through a swap desk. But it appears like the dealers could be weakened here. And I guess the question is in regards to either your current negotiations on say interest rate swap clearing or even as you go after CDS where you have, it has the dealer volume in right now. Do you think that changes the landscape where the dealers arent going to be as powerful or have as much control or you dont have to negotiate 50-50 revenue sharing to get something like CDS?
Craig Donohue:  Rich, let me start. I know Terry is going to want to add. I think first of all I would say our focus as an exchange and as a central counterparty has always been to work with both the dealer community as well as the buy-side in a very balanced way. And that will continue I think to be our focus. I think obviously youve got competing language out there and competing concepts between the Senate and the House versions, and we dont really know what the net effect of that will be, and were certainly aware of those provisions, but we dont know what the sustainability of them will be as the legislation goes through the process of becoming completed. But our goal and our intention will be to work with the whole community of OTC market participants in a balanced and fair way. Call him Rich. That will make him happy.
Terry Duffy:  Im going to call him Howard then. Rich, I agree with what Craig said, and as far as the buy-side determining where and how these contracts will be cleared, obviously this is all in draft legislation coming out of the two bills as you pointed out at the beginning of your question. So that can obviously change. We dont know. So we dont want to draw any conclusions on that. And so well have to see how that shapes out. And as far as the banks being weakened, I still think that the banks have a very strong position, not only in this country but globally and they are going to continue to have that for many years to come. So, I dont see that going away. But I do believe that they also see the value in central counterparty clearing, and the ability that CME Group offers especially with our interest rate complex.
Rich Repetto - Sandler ONeill:  A follow-up for Chris and Larry here then is that, the question earlier was about could you be hurt by those financial reforms, and maybe Im looking at this the wrong way, but all this to me, certainly you could get zero incremental business or you could get a lot, but still it appears like its all incremental, I guess. Do I have that correct? And Ill leave it at that. Thats the follow-up.
Craig Donohue:  I think, the best answer to that is really what Terry said in his remarks, which is that the focus of the legislation, the vast majority of the focus is really on consumer protection and the market structure in OTC derivatives. I dont think the focus of any of the legislation that weve seen is really primarily oriented toward the listed futures and options markets. Terry did mention the position limits language in both the House and the Senate bills and that is something that certainly has concerned us. But I think, weve made some success I think and progress in ensuring hopefully a more uniform application of Federal position limits not just on regulated US markets but on the other markets that Terry referred to. So I think thats the best answer to that question.
Operator: 
 :
Alex Kramm - UBS:  Craig and Terry, I guess last year when you started your CDS initiative, originally you proposed a trading and clearing solution, and I think in the process, weve seen that that didnt really get a lot of support and then you kind of went back and said, okay, were just going to focus entirely on clearing. Now when we look at what Terry just went through on the regulatory side, one of the things that has surprised us that still sticks around is that the clearing and trading kind of seems to be going hand-in-hand. So when you look at the future, whats going to come out, obviously the devil will be in the detail, and its all going to come down to whats the swap execution facility, what does it really mean? But how are you going to be navigating the relationship with the buy-side and sell-side in terms of the trading opportunity that might be there for you, and how could you be positioned there against maybe some offerings that other dealers will have?
Craig Donohue:  I think one of the things we learned early on in our experience in the CDS initiative is that we need to be really responsive to the broad interest of the customer base. And so one of the early learning at least at that time was that the broader cross-section of participants in the CDS market really did want us to focus on post-trade, central counterparty clearing services, and so we certainly shifted our offering to correspond to what the feedback was from market users. And I think really thats what we have to continue to do while the legislation may be a driver for increased focus by the market participants on alternative swap execution facilities or exchange trading of at least standardized swaps. Were going to continue to want to be very customer focused, and structuring the offerings that we have. For the moment, were continuing to really focus on the post-trade clearing processing side, because thats what the community of users has been asking us to do. So thats what were going to continue to do is just respond to the needs of our customers.
Alex Kramm - UBS:  And then just going back to the interest rates swap opportunity a little bit, I think you or Terry mentioned the GSEs, and the kind of commitments they have made, given that they are $3 trillion player in the market and probably put some weight behind this, can you talk a little bit about what your discussions has been with them, and if they are one of the few ones that youve been testing with, it sounded like, theyve been looking at some of the competitive offerings as well?
Craig Donohue:  Yeah, I think, there is not really anything to say on that, I think youve heard, Im sure, certain commentary by folks within the FHFA in terms of at least their views. But beyond that I dont think we have any specific comments where, as Laurent mentioned working with good cross-section of sell-side institution as well as institutional buy-side firms and were going to continue to do that.
Operator:  Moving on Ken Worthington of JPMorgan has our next question.
Ken Worthington - JPMorgan:  A couple questions on the global partners, how many contracts did you route to the global partners this quarter? And maybe can you tell us the timing of the remaining relationships, when they will actually launch?
Craig Donohue:  I dont have, I dont know if Jamie, you, or John Peschier might have that. I dont think I have that specific data. But I mean, were continuing to see very robust activity in our CME Group, BM&FBOVESPA relationship in terms of continued growth on the order routing from north to south and south to north. And were at different stages of implementation across all of the different international partnerships that we have. I think, its not possible to go through sort of execution milestones on that, but wed be happy to provide more background outside of the call.
Terrence Duffy:  Well, I think, were farthest along on Brazil clearly, and were doing about 150,000 a day north to south, and roughly 15,000 or so from south to north.
Craig Donohue:  And just to update you on the business in Korea, we basically had a record day earlier this week, basically still small about 5,000 contracts, but thats basically double than what weve done over the last two month, so like what we saw with BM&F. We have definitely seen these things start small and grow.
Ken Worthington - JPMorgan:  Great. And then as a follow up on the same topic. Can you take a guess and may be just guess it how big you can be as part of the contracts youre participating in? Like does it make sense you could be like 10% or 20% of the volume given the size of your customer relationships globally?
Terry Duffy:  We are already I think 10% of the average daily volume in the iBovespa contract just over the last eight or nine months. So, I think those numbers could potentially be fairly significant as we continue to expand those access arrangements with other exchanges and into other products.
Operator: And well now move on to Roger Freeman of Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital:  Just wanted to come back to the trading opportunity and to say, so the legislation if it goes through basically as proposed the Senate bill sort of becomes standard. Trading and clearing are the two mandates here, and were talking about a 180-day implementation period, so we could be looking at this by yearend. So, I mean are you just not really wanting to talk about the opportunity yet because its just too new or are there concerns about the ability to trade a lot of these products. For example, in CDS, youve been looking at it closely and you look at the number of trades a day, may be measured in the hundreds in the average size anywhere from $10 million to $115 million of trade. In European, is that a tradable market?
Craig Donohue:  Ill answer the first one. I dont know that I have an answer for the second one. But on the first one, look the legislation or lets call it the shift in the emphasis of the legislation or what some people regard as [tackling] far left in terms of the provisions of the Dodd-Lincoln amendment is really only a week and a half or two weeks old. So I think its fair to say that all market participants are going to be vitally interested in ultimately where the legislation comes out on the exchange trading or alternative swap execution facility trading of standardized swaps. And so its just I think reasonable to expect that people are going to wait to see what happens and then they are going to try to make their plans accordingly. And well certainly try to work with them on that if they want to work with us, but our focus continues to be on clearing.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital:  Okay. Yeah, its obviously early days. Its amazing that there is no common period even worked into any of this. And I guess just sort of on a related topic on the clearing, do you have concerns about the amount of collateral that is going to have to potentially be put up to retroactively clear the OTC swaps market? And Im just thinking about the kind of collateral that could get put up here in the form of treasuries. Is that something that we end up lining up with a lot of treasury bonds in your clearing house, which could be absolutely enormous but not traded and then have any sort of negative impact on Treasury Futures volumes?
Kimberly Taylor:  This is Kim. Ill make just a couple of comments about collaterals generally. We already hold a significant amount of collaterals between $80 billion and $100 billion worth of collateral, so we are very conscious of having programs that offer diversity. So theres some variety of options for people to post collateral with us. The other thing I would want to point out is that you mentioned the rate swaps and if the rate swaps came into the CME clearing house, you have to remember that the primary hedge for people who are using interest rate swaps is actually our Eurodollar futures. And so its very likely that combining those two pools of activity in the same clearing house would actually result overall in a substantial decrease in the amount of collateral that is required. So, I think theres couple of elements there to factor into your thoughts.
Operator: Moving on our next question will come from Daniel Harris of Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs:  If you think about the opportunity in the OTC interest rate swap platform, [clearing], I am sorry, does it makes sense to think about what is larger, whether its swaps or whether or not dealers and end users would prefer instead to trade at the Eurodollar curve and populate that instead given the change in requirements for initial margin requirements and also the cost to enact those swaps?
Craig Donohue:  Well, Ill start and maybe Rick Redding will want to comment as well. I do think that there will continue to be a lot of complementarities between interest rate swaps and Eurodollar futures, and Im not at all convinced that we would see any kind of wide-scale migration away from the utilization of swap contracts toward strictly Eurodollar futures and options contracts. But I think itd be a very speculative answer to suggest that that would be likely.
Rick Redding:  Daniel, theres a number of reasons why swaps or back-month Eurodollars might be attractive to the customers, and I dont think it necessarily has to do with kind of the change in the legislation. I mean, each customer has its benefit to do it, but lets assume that, as Kim said, you do get the offset between the Eurodollars and the swap positions, it should free up more capital to be used in making those kind of markets. So, there could be some spillover effect on both markets.
Kimberly Taylor:  Just in addition to what Rick said about the efficiencies of reducing the collateral, I should probably point out that its wrong to look at collateral thats posted with the clearing house as being effectively locked up and un-tradable because there is a very active amount of substitution every day. We need to have the right amount of collateral on deposit, but it doesnt mean the collateral thats up with us cannot be traded and freely substituted throughout the day, and we process hundreds of substitution transactions every day.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs:  And then moving onto another product in FX, obviously there is still really strong growth there, so I was wondering two things, first of all, can you help us understand or give a little more color on whats been driving that recently. I know, weve talked about it in the past with new users, and also I guess taking share from the OTC market. And then secondarily, we see the RPC on that associated contract falling, where do you think that can ultimately go to as that product continues to grow? Thanks a lot.
Craig Donohue:  Daniel, I think, theres a couple things going on in the FX market that are worth noting. From kind of that longer-term trend that we talked about starting last summer is youre starting to see the interest rate differential between some of the high yielding currencies and some of the G-7 currencies are so wide, youve seen on a percentage basis things like the Canadian dollar, the Australian dollar, British pound, on a percentage basis really increase over the last year. So the other thing obviously thats happening, and why the euro currency is trading so much is obviously to sovereign debt crisis, and in Europe, in the southern part of Europe. So, those are the kind of the macro drivers. We are actually seeing more participants in the markets. Weve seen some of the people that had probably diminished their activity during the crisis, come back to the market in a bigger way. So we have been able to pick up some share there. And so it continues to be a good growth area for us. As far as RPC, I mean, I think if you look at this over the longer term, if you look at it over the last 10 years, youll get 2001 EFPs are about 31% of our volume. And if you look where we are now, its about 2% of our volume, and obviously the RPC on those EFPs were extremely high. Thats something weve been talking about for a number of years. As liquidity increases on the platform, there is less need to do those EFPs. So weve successfully taken that market from kind of what transparent market to a perfectly transparent market. And thats where you are seeing some of the decline in the RPC over time.
Terry Duffy:  I think some of that decline you are seeing over time as well is that in some of the smaller markets you may see a higher percentage of non-member trading. But then as those markets begin to get more traction and more volume coming through them, then the percentage of member trading in them tends to grow. And youve seen some of that over the years in the FX contract as well.
Operator: Moving on well go next to Chris Allen, Ticonderoga.
Christopher Allen - Ticonderoga Securities:  I was wondering if we could get an update on the over-the-counter FX clearing service that you guys have rolled out.
Laurent Paulhac:  Yes. Foreign exchange OTC clearing continues to be an important project for us. We did announce that a while back. Where were spending most of our time today is actually working again with industry participants and working through the workflow. So that offering is predominantly ready with respect to a lot of the work that needs to be done within CME, but a lot that needs to be done at this stage actually in partnership with third parties and market participants. So once weve made more progress, we will make definitive statement on that, but at this stage its work in progress.
Christopher Allen - Ticonderoga Securities:  Got it. And then just one other question, just I mean obviously a lot of details need to be worked out on financial services reform and regulation, but when we kind of think about it globally, what does seem clear is capital requirements is going to be going up for market participants, whether its the banks or the buy-side. Have you guys done any analysis or given any thought to potential negative impact to overall trading volumes, whether it's on the futures markets or on the over-the-counter markets?
Kimberly Taylor:  Ill speak to part of that the assumption that capital requirements are going to be going up. I think that there are obviously provisions that would increase the capital that firms need to put aside for certain types of business. However, there are some offsetting provisions that we need to consider as well, because the capital requirements associated with centrally cleared over-the-counter derivatives are Basel proposals that are out there now are proposing a zero-risk weighting factor for the counterparty risk associated with using a central counterparty. So as more and more of that business moves to a central counterparty, the capital charges associated with that will actually be significantly reduced. So there are some offsetting elements.
Operator: And well move on to the next caller in queue. Mike Vinciquerra of BMO Capital Markets.
Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets:  Just on the ClearPort side, it was a growth driver for a while. It seemingly has stalled out while your primary competitor I guess in energy OTC continues to show some growth. Can you talk about whats being going on with ClearPort in terms of new product introductions? And I know youre going to start pulling through some different asset classes through ClearPort in the future, but just give us an update on energy please?
Bryan Durkin:  Sure. This is Bryan Durkin. Were continuing to roll out in response to our user base very customized and specific instruments both in the energy and in power sectors. The usage of the platform overall and the confidence in the platform remains very strong. We had excellent performance this past quarter, and were very excited about the new offerings that were going to be introducing on the ClearPort, which branches beyond our general energy and power sectors to also include the agricultural OTC offerings that we have pending as well as our efforts associated on the rate side. The other aspect that you have to take into consideration is the general economic effects of natural gas, which has been across the marketplace less volatile. The Brent has been more active than the WTI. However, that activity over the course of the past month and half or so has substantially reversed.
Craig Donohue:  Mike, if I could add one thing to that. Also when you look at the data, as Bryan mentioned, the big decrease in ClearPort has actually been in the natural gas area, and some of that has moved to the exchange traded side. So it's being substituted under the Globex platform rather than ClearPort.
Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets:  And then just one follow-up on the slide you had, I guess, was slide 11 you talked about your global penetration, the one country without any [excess index] that stood out, of course, was China. And I think you are serving that market through your hubs either in Singapore. So are you considering putting a hub in Hong Kong or are there opportunities to kind of crack into that market? I know its a tough one to get into.
Phupinder Gill:  This is Gill. If you look at the regulatory landscape in China, what you will see is that it is changing and its changing fast. Currently, the Chinese government is allowing up to 60. I believe thats the right amount, 60 FCMs to offer trading to their clients in China, and they are allowing them to trade foreign markets. I think if that activity picks up, CME would certainly look to put a hub in China.
Operator: Our next question will come from Niamh Alexander of KBW.
Niamh Alexander - KBW:  Can I just touch back on to the electronic, because I understand that your Treasury options volume has picked up electronically, and if I look at the mix of business that has certainly kind of year-on-year youre starting to see a higher proportion of electronics. How is that progressing? Can we expect maybe some movement towards the Eurodollar options picking up?
Bryan Durkin:  Weve invested quite a bit of time and energy in terms of the functionality and the capabilities of our electronic trading platform, particularly as it deals with the ability to execute the more complex type of spreads associated with options trading. We are very pleased with the progress that weve made over the course of the last Id say nine months in terms of the trends continuing to tick upward on the electronic side in the usage and the adaptation of using the electronic platform to be able to conduct the more complex type of transactions. I think you can expect to see us use that same type of emphasis and training on the euro side.
Craig Donohue:  Niamh, thanks for noticing. Most people havent. But if you look at the Treasury Complex, overall, about 38% electronic on the option side and things on the longer end like the 30 are almost 60% electronic. So there has been quite a bit of effort made in the last year to make that happen, as Bryan mentioned, on the technical side. But were also getting to the point in the Treasury Complex where its becoming the place where people go to look first. So like other markets, thats been very important.
Niamh Alexander - KBW:  Usually, we kind of hit a critical mass (Inaudible). It helps bring in additional volume too on the electronic venues. But I suppose I should ask a regulatory question too. But I did want to understand if you could, maybe Terry or Craig, what do you think maybe would be the biggest risk to your business that may emerge just from where we stand now with the bill heading the floor for debate? Whats the biggest risk to your business? And then I think youve made it clear that the clearing, I think, is potentially the bigger opportunity.
Terry Duffy:  Its Terry. I think what I said earlier and I believe I dont think there is much in the pending legislation that affects our core business. What the biggest risk could be on our growth opportunities in clearing could be some of this business migrating overseas if the laws are too onerous. So I think that would be the largest risk. But again from a core standpoint, we feel pretty comfortable that the legislation does not impact our business.
Operator: Well take our next question from Chris Brendler of Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus:  A little bit on slide 10, the discussion of non-US trading. Can you talk at all about what products are driving the significant increase that were seeing there? Is it some of the metals or the volume strength you saw during the quarter, is that being driven by non-US? And also if you could talk about, Im not sure I understand the change in methodology (Inaudible) from 20% down to 15%. And do you have a goal in mind for two-three years out, and how high do you think the non-US trading revenue could be?
Terry Duffy:  Well, weve definitely seen substantial traction in the area of metals, energy as well as our equity products. I think, the growth that youre seeing here can be underscored by the significant investments that we have placed in our regional offices in our locales in which we have a very intensive and focused sales program reaching out to both the Asian as well as the European local users of these markets. The other thing that I think has definitely added to the benefits of our offering is, the platform that we offer and the partnerships that weve actually levered with a number of the leading exchanges throughout the world that has introduced interest both in our products as well as exposure to their products. And its definitely reaped benefits in us in terms of bringing in new clients.
James Parisi:  Sure. On the methodology perspective under the old way we were looking at it which was we looked at the non-US dollars a little bit differently, and that the percentage would have gone from 19% to 20% in the more current quarter.
Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus:  And any thoughts on how that can go over the next couple of years. I mean, it seems to me that with the global opportunity here, it should be pretty compelling given your platform?
James Parisi:  Yes. I think thats what we were trying to show by the projected GDP growth in the slide by 2020. We do all agree that international can be a much bigger piece of our business, and youve seen that grow over the last few years as weve provided guidance on what percentage of the market it's been.
Craig Donohue:  Yes. I think also we didn't I think want to burden the presentation with too much granular data. But I think certainly if you looked at the average daily volume growth among the exchange markets in Asia and Latin America, they were considerably in excess of those in North America and Europe. And I think thats going to continue to be the case just given not just the global economy but the fact that many of these financial markets are beginning to expand and open for direct access. And I mean, theres just a wide range of reasons, but the data when you look at it certainly suggests that were going to continue to experience very strong global growth in the industry.
Operator: And Don Fandetti of Citigroup is our next question.
Don Fandetti - Citigroup :  Based on your history and sort of what you're seeing develop in the depth of book. Are you getting greater confidence that you could hit sort of peak levels youve seen in the rates complex historically? I mean I know youve done at that level probably a day or two ago, so I just want to get your perspective on?
Terry Duffy:  I dont think we can forecast with a crystal ball what might happen, but obviously the increase in depth of liquidity and lower effective spreads is always very positive. So I think, the best that we can say is that thats a very healthy indicator of the functioning of the market.
Operator: And well move next to Jonathan Casteleyn of Susquehanna.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna:  With the continued regulatory scrutiny on the OTC markets, has there been any migration from former OTC-only participants into new futures participants, is there any way to measure that?
Craig Donohue:  Jonathan, I think thats very difficult to measure because we see participants getting bigger obviously from the growth numbers that we saw, but its also difficult for us to know whats on the other side of their trade. But I mean in some of our sales calls anecdotally we do hear that more people are looking at putting things on exchange.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna:  I think, Craig, when you think about earnings growth for the rest of this year and into next year, whats the best opportunity for the exchange, is it the continuation of better futures trading trends or is it OTC clearing, is it international expansion, any sort of rank and file there will be helpful?
Craig Donohue:  Well, I mean, obviously, the core business, and I think, what is emerging as I think stronger growth characteristics certainly in terms of what you're seeing quarter-over-quarter for the last four to five quarters, and then very much so for the first quarter of 2010, obviously just given the size and scale of that, and the maturity of that, I think thats going to continue to be the most important contributor. But we have the intermediate growth opportunity farther out over the next couple of years to continue to focus on the globalization and international flows into our core business and core products. And then obviously OTC is something that were still working hard on that as everyone is but I dont think we could say that that's going to be the major driver or higher growth from a revenue perspective. I think you are looking at the very, very early stages of what I would expect to be a great revenue opportunity for us over the next decade.
Operator: Moving on well take our next question from Rob Rutschow of CLSA.
Rob Rutschow - CLSA:  First question in terms of the clearing house currently, can you tell us what the duration of the positions in the clearing house are now and how that compares to the duration of the OTC market and how clearing OTC contracts might change that duration profile?
Kimberly Taylor:  This is Kim. I dont think Im going to be able to give you a definitive answer on that. I can give you a kind of a characterization of the way the open interest lays out and the Eurodollars is obviously where we have most of our open interest. The timeframes on the Eurodollars goes out for 10 years. As we enter the interest rate swap market, we will be entering that market going out as far as 30 years. But most of the activity is probably actually in the kind of seven to 10-year range. And so I cant say that it will materially change the duration of our book of open interest. We do have Treasury securities obviously going out further out over the curve. The duration of the open interest there is also kind of primarily in the kind of 10-year range. I dont know Rick if you have anything you want to add to that.
Rick Redding:  No, I mean, I think the issue really is what the positions are that Kims taken as performance bonds and a lot of that's in Treasury securities and those are, as Kim said, all throughout the maturity.
Rob Rutschow - CLSA:  One of the concerns about the pending regulations that Ive heard is that some of the smaller energy producers like to pledge proven reserves to their bankers to be able to hedge. Is there any thought for moves that you can take to accommodate them if the rules change such that they need to post collateral with you?
Craig Donohue:  It's Craig. I think Ill answer that by saying I think that most of the legislators and I think its embodied in the draft bills on both the House and the Senate side have been very sensitive to the sort of capital and financial aspects of posting margin collateral for end users in the swaps market. And so I think as you see it presently, there are exemptions that are available for that type of swap customer. And so, were still kind of looking to see how thats going to resolve itself finally in the legislation. But Im not expecting that to be a substantial issue given the high degree of sensitivity that most legislators have shown for those particular issues. I think theyre much less sensitive to those issues that relates to swap dealers, major swap participants or more kind of financial institution participants in the swap market.
Terry Duffy:  And just to add to what Craig said, no one on either side of the aisle is opposing the end user exemption for these small producers of whatever product there maybe. So as long as you are bona fide hedger or end user in that product line, nobody is opposing that.
Operator: The final question that we have time for today from Justin Schack of Rosenblatt Securities.
Justin Schack - Rosenblatt Securities:  On the regulatory stuff, one thing you guys didnt mention that I saw in some of the press coverage of the bill was I guess theres an interpretation that some of the language in the Senate bill would cover equity index options that are now traded on exchanges on the securities side and move that jurisdiction to the CFTC. Is that accurate, and if so, and if that survives how would that affect that business? There would be an opportunity for you to take some share.
Craig Donohue:  Its Craig. I think as in many respects with the draft legislations there are number of ambiguities and shifts that have happened and Im sure in the ensuing weeks there will continue to be refinements done and managers amendments if not also floor amendments that will help to clarify that. But in general I would expect the outcome to be a continuation of the existing agreement between the CFTC and the SEC, which has been in place for 20 something years. The Shad-Johnson accord, which essentially treats cash index options as subject to the jurisdiction of the SEC and stock index futures based upon the same indexes as subject to the jurisdiction of the CFTC. And so like everyone else, well be waiting to see how that resolves itself. But Im expecting the status quo will be maintained there.
Justin Schack - Rosenblatt Securities:  One last thing on the customer segmentation stuff, I noticed the buy-side (prop) number. That number has gone up quite a bit and then the characterization of it in the slide is slightly different. The word buy-side is no longer there. I know that youve got some NYMEX stuff in there. Jamie you mentioned that some of the miscellaneous stuff had been reallocated. Can you give us a sense of what the impact was on that buy-side prop number? Was it that the NYMEX levels and that type of activity are a lot higher or with some of the debt reallocation occurred. Any idea of the split?
Rick Redding:  No, the NYMEX numbers didnt change the overall results that much. I mean if you look at the trend over this data over time is the proprietary algorithmic guys have gotten bigger almost every year that we can recall. So I dont think there is anything I think by showing it in all products pretty much validates what the customer base looks like across all products, because I mean just mathematically you cant get the numbers to change that much by moving it in.
Craig Donohue:  Yes. I think there might have been a couple percent change, if you look at Q4 09 versus where we had been previously on that number. So, yes, the NYMEX shifted it around a little, but not in a significant fashion. With the Rick's point, I think NYMEX didnt change the numbers generally across the board.
Terry Duffy:  All right. Thank you all for participating, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you again for your participation. That does conclude todays conference call.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Peschier  Managing Director, Investor Relations Craig Donohue  Chief Executive Officer James Parisi  Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer Kim Taylor  Managing Director & President, Clearing House Division Rick Redding  Managing Director, Products and Services Terry Duffy  Executive Chairman  
Analysts: Roger Freeman  Barclays Capital Mike Vinciquerra  BMO Howard Chen  Credit Suisse Rich Repetto  Sandler O'Neill Niamh Alexander  KBW Dan Fannon  Jefferies & Company Michael Carrier  Deutsche Bank Ken Worthington  JP Morgan Jonathan Casteleyn  Susquehanna
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the CME Group fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Peschier.
John Peschier:
 : Before they begin, I will read the safe harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the accompanying slides on our website that are not historical facts are forwardlooking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forwardlooking statements.  More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10K and 10Q, which are available on the CME website.  During this call, we will refer to GAAP and nonGAAP pro forma results. A reconciliation is available in the press release, and there is an accompanying file on the investor relations portion of the site that provides detailed quarterly information on a GAAP and pro forma basis. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Craig.  
Craig Donohue: Thank you for joining us this morning. There has been much said about the challenges of 2009, and CME Group certainly wasn't exempt from those challenges. However, looking back at the year, we are pleased with the progress CME Group has made and the platform we've built for the future.  From the start of the year through the end, we sought opportunities amongst the challenges; and we were steadfast in pursuing and executing on those opportunities. I'm tremendously excited about how CME is currently positioned to pursue future growth.  To highlight a few of our key accomplishments over the past year, we successfully integrated NYMEX and COMEX into CME Group. In addition to the strong recent growth trends in energy and metals volumes, which I will discuss in greater detail in a moment, we've been working on several strategic fronts to leverage these businesses.  We've implemented global sales and marketing plans that include increased education and sales outreach to energy and metals customers, crossselling across asset classes, and extending our international incentive programs to these customers.  We've completed the clearing and technology integration of NYMEX and COMEX and achieved the full $60 million in run rate synergies. We've built on the success of the CME ClearPort platform by launching 332 new products in 2009, and we have plans under development to continue adding new asset classes. We've also scaled our technology for future growth. While exercising great expense discipline, we continued our ongoing focus on providing bestinclass technology by bringing on line a new state of the art data center. As part of this effort, we migrated the FX and equities complexes to new match engines; and customers have benefited from significant performance improvements.  We will migrate other asset classes over the next year. The flexibility of the new data center positions us well for future volume growth, ongoing performance improvements, and enhanced customer services. We see technology as helping us deliver better performance to our existing customers, as well as helping to attract new customers As we have identified in the past, we are actively pursuing a broader global customer base. Over 2009, we made progress on several fronts in moving towards this goal. We worked on extending our global relevance by increasing the breadth of products we offer on Globex and developing key relationships with local regulators and market participants in several emerging geographies around the world. We continue to strengthen our BM&FBOVESPA partnership, launched the Kospi 200 on Globex during nonKorean hours, and signed an agreement with Bursa Malaysia to provide global order routing and matching services for their derivatives business, which will also provide us with a license to use their crude palm oil settlement prices for future product development.  We are very pleased with the success we've seen with these partnerships, and we believe they provide us away strong base to aggressively market the full suite of CME Group products in those geographies. We are focused on positioning ourselves around the world to serve the customers of today as well as the customers of tomorrow. As a measure of our global penetration, we increased our nonU.S. trading hours volume to 19% in the fourth quarter, up from 17% in the third quarter. While it is difficult to track precisely, we attribute much of this growth to targeted sales efforts in Europe and Asia. Finally, on the overthecounter front, we initiated the prelaunch of overthecounter cleared credit default swaps in December with eight dealer founding members and six buy side founding members. We continue to actively work on several tracks to complete the steps necessary for our public launch targeted for the end of the first quarter. Most importantly, we see the progress there as a strong foundation for the longterm success of other overthecounter offerings.  Beyond all that I've just described, we are also hard at work managing the core business and, in spite of the difficult climate, saw significant improvements there. Total open interest at CME Group grew from $63 million at the start of 2009 to $78 million at yearend, an improvement of 24%. January has seen continued growth to $85 million. Interest rate volumes were the most heavily affected by the credit crisis.  Over the course of the year, we saw volume growth of 14% from the first quarter to the fourth quarter. More recently, January 2010 interest rate average daily volume of 4.8 million contracts is up 33% from January 2009. Several macro economic factors that drive interest rates have stabilized over the course of the year including improvements in liquidity and credit spreads, but areas of weakness remain.  The upcoming announced exit of the Fed from its mortgagebacked securities purchase program and its winding down of several temporary liquidity facilities are both a vote of confidence in the metrics that indicate a recovery under way and a welcome step from markets that are eager to function based on fundamentals. It is difficult to predict timing, but these and other improving factors contribute to a more active interest rate environment.  With macro economic factors beyond our control, we continue to work closely with customers on new product development, and we are pleased with the success of our most recent launch, the Ultra T Bond futures. This is the most successful new interest rate product launched in CME history in terms of volume and open interest growth since launch.  Open interest currently exceeds 40,000 contracts, and we've seen very good volume participation across multiple customer types using these products for a variety of needs. All of these factors bode well for our ability to grow this product over the long term.  Equities volume showed strength early in 2009 as lack of liquidity in other asset classes and high volatility drove volume, but challenged by declining volatility during the third and fourth quarters. A return of volatility over the last two weeks of January brought volumes to 3.5 million contracts during that time period, up 67% from volumes in the first half of January. The fourth quarter was a record quarter for energy, FX, and metals volumes which were up 21%, 57%, and 59%, respectively from the third quarter. All of these product areas continue to show robust volumes in January as well. Beyond our core business and strategic growth initiatives, the other key area focus for management in 2010 continues to be working with our regulators to insure that derivatives markets retain their hallmarks of effective price discovery, safety, and security.  Before concluding, I would like to touch briefly on the status of ELX's attempt through a rule filing with the CFTC to compel CBOT to create or liquidate open positions without any corresponding transaction permitted by CBOT rules. The CFTC has not required us to take any action or modify our rules.  I want to make absolutely clear that CBOT's rules remain in full force and effect and that CBOT and CME Clearing have not been directed to accept directions from ELX or any of its members to open, liquidate, or transfer positions in accordance with ELX's rule.  We are engaged in a dialogue with the CFTC regarding CBOT's rationale for its longstanding rules prohibiting these types of transactions. As always, we are working closely with the Commission staff. We have and continue to take these issues seriously and are confident that the CBOT is operating in strict compliance with its statutory selfregulatory responsibilities and the requirements of the Commodity Exchange Act.  Given the ongoing nature of our discussions with the CFTC, I do not intend to make any further comments on this issue at this time; and we thank you in advance for respecting that.  There are a variety of other additional regulatory issues under consideration at the moment. CME Group appreciates the significance of the financial market's crisis and the ensuing focus on market regulation. We believe our politicians and elected officials and regulators fundamentally recognize the value of transparent, centrally cleared markets; and this recognition is reflected in much of the proposed legislation currently outstanding.  In the aggregate, there are few areas of potential harm to our business and many areas that are potentially favorable for CME Group and other exchanges. As always, we continue to work to educate lawmakers and regulators on the forces that drive our markets and how we can best maintain secure, efficient markets. In summary, in spite of all the challenges this past year, we successfully managed the aftermath of the credit crisis and are now emerging well positioned for future growth. With financial market drivers achieving sustained stability, our core products are showing improvements in volume and open interest.  We have executed on the early stages of our overthecounter clearing and global expansion strategies, and we look forward to continuing to build these efforts for longterm success. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jamie to discuss our financial results.
Jamie Parisi: CME Group turned in a strong fourth quarter financial performance, generating more revenue than any other quarter in 2009. Our GAAP results are summarized in the press release. Today I am going to focus on the details for Q4 on a proforma basis.  During Q4, average daily volume was down 1% compared to the fourth quarter 2008 to 10.2 million contracts per day. We generated $667 million in revenue; and operating expenses were up 6% from the prior quarter, slightly less than we guided to on our last call. This resulted in $409 million of operating income and diluted earnings per share of $3.37. In terms of customer segmentation, we saw numbers for the fourth quarter remain largely in line with third quarter results. Proprietary buy side traders contributed 43% of overall volume. Hedge funds accounted for 8% of volume, showing a slight increase in contribution for the third quarter in a row. Bank trading accounted for 13% of volume, other member activity 20%, and nonmember activity 16%. This segmentation is for legacy CME/CBOT products only. We will be providing more detail for the entire CME Group product suite beginning next quarter. The overall proforma rate per contract for all CME Group volume decreased 2% to $0.849 compared with $0.866 in the fourth quarter 2008, primarily due to lower price interest rate volume increasing from 36% of total a year ago to 43% this quarter. Sequentially, the rate per contract increased $0.015 from $0.834 to $0.849 due to a 1% increase in the metals proportion of the product mix and a favorable pricing impact from changes implemented in August and September of 2009. Market data revenue of $82 million for the quarter decreased 6% versus last year and was up 1% sequentially. At the end of the fourth quarter, users subscribed to 396,000 base devices across CME, CBOT, and NYMEX, down 9% versus Q4 of last year and down 1% sequentially. During Q4, we had a benefit from a billing adjustment which resulted in a positive sequential revenue growth. We have announced a professional screen fee increase from $55 to $61 per month beginning in January of 2010. I will now take a few minutes to review expenses. Total proforma operating expenses were $258 million for Q4, down 2% versus Q4 last year but up $14 million or 6% sequentially. Total expense for the year was $998 million, down 8% as we delivered the NYMEXrelated synergies and ratcheted down our discretionary expenses.  Drilling into Q4 expenses, compensation and benefits was up $4 million sequentially to $88.6 million due primarily to higher stockbased compensation. Stockbased compensation was $9.9 million in the fourth quarter, up $3 million from Q3. We moved our stock option grant date from midJune to midSeptember, and some prior year grants rolled off in June, resulting in lower Q3 expense. Our combined head count at the end of Q4 stood at 2,260, up slightly relative to the prior quarter. Our fourth quarter bonus expense was $11.8 million; and for the full year the bonus expense totaled $39 million, down 13% versus 2008. Noncompensation expenses of $170 million were down $6 million versus last year and up $10 million sequentially.  Comparing to last quarter, the primary increases were in the professional fees line, up $4.7 million due to fees associated with our strategic initiatives and miscellaneous litigation; and in the other expense line up $4.4 million due to increased marketing costs primarily related to sponsored conferences and currency fluctuations. Q4 proforma operating income was $409 million, the high water mark for 2009. During the fourth quarter, we were able to maintain a very strong proforma operating margin of 61%; and we finished the full year with an operating margin of 62% compared to 64% in 2008. We view this as a significant achievement in light of the challenging environment throughout last year.  In the nonoperating income and expense category, on the investment income line, we received a $5 million dividend from BM&FBOVESPA in line with Q3. During Q4, we paid down $225 million in debt. As of the end of December, we had $2.3 billion of debt outstanding and $303 million of cash and marketable securities. Interest expense totaled $30.7 million in Q4.  During the quarter, we continued to pay down our debt by rolling less commercial paper which carries a rate of less than .3% in the quarter. We expect our interest expense to remain at a similar level to Q4 for the next two quarters.  As we're paying off $900 million of debt during the year, our debt to EBITDA ratio is down to 1.2. Looking forward, we have a $300 million payment due in August; and we intend to pay off the remaining debt instruments on the maturity date. The detail related to our debt structure is included in our earnings slide presentation on the website. For the quarter, our proforma effective tax rate was 41.2%, bringing us to 41.1% for the year. Looking to 2010, we expect an effective tax rate of between 41% and 42%. Capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances totaled $43 million in the fourth quarter and $137 million in 2009, driven primarily by data center software equipment and facilities costs. At this point, I would like to provide some insight and guidance related to our plans for 2010. First, on operating expenses, our normal growth rate from 2001 to 2007 was 8% to 10%. In 2008, our proforma expenses dropped 2% followed by an 8% drop in 2009 during a period in which we benefited from the synergies captured on our recent mergers. And we compressed discretionary spending as far as we could, including some items which are onetime in nature.  As the economy shows signs of emerging from the recession, our outlook on growth is improving in 2010. We expect to return to more normal expense growth levels resulting in annual 2010 expense of approximately $1.1 billion.  Within compensation, after holding salaries flat in 2009, we expect a 5% increase due to merit and promotion adjustments for employees and to the impact of new hires. In terms of stockbased compensation, we expect a similar quarterly run rate as we saw in Q4 of approximately $10 million to $11 million per quarter. Lastly, our bonus expense totaled $39 million in 2009, down from $45 million in 2008. Looking ahead to 2010, our target employee bonus is approximately $54 million based on reaching our internal 2010 cash earnings target. If our cash earnings for the year are 20% above our cash earnings target, employee bonuses would be approximately $82 million. If we are more than 20% below our target, the bonus would be a minimal amount for nonexempt employees. The noncomp expense increase from 2009 is expected to come in many of the technologyoriented expenses as we are aggressively building out our new data center. In addition, marketing and other expense is expected to rise during 2010 to roughly $23 million a quarter on average; and it is likely to be more front end loaded.  This higher level is attributable to advertising, promotion, and travel expenses driven by our desire to expand both our global reach and our OTC capabilities. Licenses and fee sharing will likely rise based on continued growth in our energy and equity businesses.  As always, during 2010 we will continue to spend on growth. We anticipate deploying additional OTC products, bringing the European clearinghouse on line during the year, and working on various other strategic initiatives. Turning to capital expenditures, as I mentioned earlier, we spent $137 million in 2009, well below our original 2009 guidance and down from $205 million in 2008. In 2010, we anticipate between $180 million and $200 million of capital expenditures driven by technologyrelated projects as we now populate our new data center. In summary, we are proud of our results during a challenging year. We made incremental progress during 2009 after a fairly large shock to the financial system. We were very careful on expenses, and at the same time we continued to make investments in growth as reflected in our signing of various global partnerships and laying the groundwork for significant OTC clearing opportunities. Finally, we are optimistic about the strong start to 2010 with January volume averaging 11.2 million contracts per day, up 19% versus January 2009.  We will now open up the call for your questions. In order to get to everyone, we are limiting all of you to one question and one followup; and please feel free to get back in the queue if time permits.
Operator:
 :
Roger Freeman  Barclays Capital: Good morning. First on the proposed rule set from the CFTC around positions. It sounds like it kind of came out in the range of what you had been arguing for. I guess the question there is do you have an estimate on, if you look at dealer product trading, some large hedge funds that run regularly above the accountability limits today, what kind of volume impact do you think that will ultimately have given these actual numbers they put out?
Craig Donohue: We're still in the process of examining the CFTC's proposal. I think that in general the Commission has done a good job of taking feedback and input from a variety of sources within the industry from the time they first had their hearings in the fall. There's a lot of complexity in various aspects of their proposal, which we and other market participants are still digesting.  I am expecting that, not only CME Group, but certainly others will be taking the opportunity to comment rather extensively on those proposals. In general at the moment, I do think it's not likely that the proposals as we understand them will have any kind of significant impact on trading volumes or open interest. So from that perspective we're viewing that favorably. As I mentioned, there's a great deal of complexity in the proposals and we're still digesting them.
Roger Freeman  Barclays Capital: I guess my second question. Around CDS volume, I know you're sort of in a soft launch phase. There was an initial burst of activity sort of midDecember. It kind of looks like the dealers are trying to just check off the box to sort of meet the deadline. There really hasn't been much since. Are there still sort of issues outstanding with the dealers that need to be addressed from a clearing perspective to kind of move the ball forward there?
Kim Taylor: We are in the middle of [inaudible] as you mentioned. We are working with the dealers on plans for the launch scheduled to expand the set of products and the set of customers that would be able to participate. I think we are on target for doing that within the first quarter. But we have not kind of ramped up that process yet.
Operator:
 :
Mike Vinciquerra  BMO: First thing on the energy space, two things I guess. WTI has, I guess, been the weak contract in terms of looking at oil and nat gas or what not trading early this year. Any particular reason you guys feel like that product has had a little less success than maybe Brent and some of the others? Then tied to that, there's a lot of noise around the Argus Sour Crude contract. We haven't heard any update. Is that contract out there and trading at all these days?
Rick Redding: WTI is actually been a fairly strong performer. If you look in the fourth quarter, even into January, it's one of those areas, with macro economic conditions the way they are, people are trading that a lot. I just want to be careful of your statement. As far as the Argus Sour products, both CME and ISE have launched products there. Not doing anything at this stage because we've been saying it will take a while for those benchmarks to gain some acceptance.  What we have done, though, is some of the components within the index actually are trading. The Mars product in particular. Pretty much what we said would happen is happening. We continue to look forward as the industry evolves or how it moves. Again, remember, that all this stuff is based off WTI pricing. It actually is probably pretty favorable for our WTI business.
Mike Vinciquerra  BMO: I got to look at those statistics again. Sorry if I am looking at something wrong. Your early success with the Ultra bond future any sense for how broad the potential user base is there? Is it as broad as it is for all the other treasury products?
Rick Redding: We've gotten off to a great start there. In three weeks, in the history of the futures world, you are hard pressed to find anything that's done as well. Part of it has been, obviously, we've listened to the market place. We've adopted our product development to the credit crisis. This is a product the market needed because the duration of all these instruments is coming quite a bit given the rate environment.  This is actually being broadly used by both buy and sell side at this point. The other thing that is encouraging is, as we thought, we see people also spreading this against the 30year Treasury bond. This has just been a phenomenal uptake in the product. One of the good things, as Craig mentioned, that 44,000 plus of open interest, over 5,000 of it is already in the June contracts. You are starting to see people already think about the future and what that contract will hold.  
Operator:
 :
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: My first question is for Rick. I am not sure if you have these stats handy, but I was curious if we could get any update on the current depth of book stats that you shared in the past. It's clear the market tone and activity levels have improved a lot.
Rick Redding: We have been looking at those, Howard. In December, what you actually see across almost every product, even compared to September, you see depths of book increase anywhere from 10% to 60%. What you see is, even in things like Treasury complex, which was really affected by the crisis, what you do see is the depth of the book actually coming back to precrisis levels.  You've also seen the average [inaudible] spread come in quite a bit. Essentially in some of the financial products for largesized contracts, you actually again see these kind of precrisis levels. We're very encouraged where the liquidity is in these markets given the amount of destruction that occurred early in 2009.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: Jamie, my followup just on the numbers. The commentary that interest expense levels stay near the current levels for the next two quarters, does that imply you temporarily like stop the debt paydown and is the thought to just hoard a bit more cash now?
Jamie Parisi: It's really just a function of how the maturities lay out. There's only a little bit left on the commercial paper to pay down and then we do have a maturity in the third quarter in August that will be accumulating. We are going to pay that down.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: Just to follow up on that briefly, is there a prepayment penalty for what's due in August?
Jamie Parisi: What's due in August is a public issue, so there is no prepayment clause on that. The only piece that does have a prepayment ability on it is the bank loan that, I believe, is due next August in 2011. That's the only piece that we are able to prepay. If we do prepay it, we do have hedges outstanding where we did fix the rates so there is a cost associated with unwinding those hedges so it doesn't necessarily make sense for us to do that immediately. It's something that we continue to analyze as conditions change.
Operator:
 :
Rich Repetto  Sandler O'Neill: I guess staying on the expense theme here a little bit. Jamie, your marketing and other expenses of $23 million average per quarter. If you annualize that, it's $92 million. I guess it looks like a pretty big 35%, 37% increase yearoveryear. I know '09 had, that line, had some onetime, so it's not a totally fair comparison. But it is an uptick. I know you mentioned OTC, but can you give us a little bit deeper color there?
Jamie Parisi: I think first if you look at the overall picture, the marketing expense in 2008, a year where prior or just leading to the crisis at the end of the year, the marketing expense in 2008 was about $22 million a quarter. It's more reverting to that kind of more normalized level.  If you think about the projects or the strategy that we have outlined where everybody globalizing the business and going after the OTC market, you can imagine there's quite a bit of marketing associated with that. As we globalize, there's a lot of travel. So there's a lot of additional expense associated with that. It's not just marketing, it's marketing and other expense. The other thing to keep in mind is that within that category we enjoyed, for the year in 2009, some favorable FX fluctuation which we assume, we can't assume for 2010.
Rich Repetto  Sandler O'Neill: And my followup would be, I guess for Terry and Craig, the Volcker plan, when it was sort of announced to start, the exchange, at least yours and ISE, you got negatively impacted. Can you give us any update based on your discussions with the congressmen or administration on what you think the actual risk here is? Or maybe even your conversation with the dealers?
Craig Donohue: Terry, would you like to start?
Terry Duffy  Executive Chairman: Craig, go ahead.
Craig Donohue: I think that it's really premature for us to sort of speculate and comment on that in that, as you know, they've introduced a broad concept. But there is not yet any kind of specific proposal. I think it's awful difficult for us to sort of project forward what the meaning and implications of that might be. We're going to be looking at that very carefully obviously if and when that advances. For the moment, I think it's difficult to speculate. It's not clear to us at least at this point that's going to have a meaningful impact on us.
Terry Duffy  Executive Chairman: Just to add a little bit to what Craig said, he said it in his prepared remarks earlier, there is a lot of pending legislation both out of the House bills on ag and financial services that we see are potentially very favorable to us going forward. We are going to be out there a lot, and we're going to continue to work on the pending legislation and anything else that comes up.
Rich Repetto  Sandler O'Neill: I was just trying see whether you had any insight. I know you have strong relationships down there. I understand. It's preliminary.
Jamie Parisi: You look at the volume breakdown, we said the banks were around 13% or so of the trading. When you look at it from a revenue perspective, it's significantly less than that because they're paying the lowest fees. When you look at it from a revenue perspective, it's in the 8% to 9% range.  Then you look at that again, and you say of that trading they're doing, how much of it is true speculative trading versus how much of it is hedging their books. You haircut that yet again. We don't have specific numbers, but you can see that the number gets cut down pretty significantly as you start thinking through it.
Operator:
 :
Niamh Alexander  KBW: With regards to paying down the debt, getting to like a 1.2 debt to EBITDA and then getting even lower later in the year, how should we think about all that cash that you're generating? Would you maybe be looking to prioritize inorganic growth or maybe repurchases? Can you kind of update us on where your thoughts are there?
Jamie Parisi: As you look out, we do have maturities scheduled out over the next several years; and we'll be building cash in advance of those maturities to be able to pay down those maturities, I think, is the way to think about it for now. Of course, we continue to always be vigilant regarding our capital structure; and we analyze it all the time.
Niamh Alexander  KBW: So we should think about you can't afford to carry the debt with the cash you are generating, but we should assume you are going to continue to just pay it down, right?
Jamie Parisi: Yes.
Niamh Alexander  KBW: Interesting. Then if I could, second question. Operating margin is it feasible to think about it getting back to like 65%66% operating margin as the volumes kind of grow? The open interest is certainly pointing in the right direction. Is it maybe something that we need to see more of a step function, I don't know, like 2012 fund, may not necessarily have to stay in New York anymore. How should we think about the operating margin potential?
Jamie Parisi: First, I would like to say I was really very proud of how the Exchange operated in 2009, being able to hold at 62% margin given the environment that we're operating in. Looking forward, and if you look back at our history, as we've been able to add volumes to the platform certainly there's a lot of operating leverage in our model. And I would expect that if we're able to add those volumes there could be potential margin expansion.
Niamh Alexander  KBW: Thanks for taking the question.
Jamie Parisi: I would just add to that, by the way, that obviously we're committed to New York. It's a significant place of business for us. We do plan to continue to maintain the [inaudible] trade facilities there as long as they're profitable. And we have a very significant employee base, which we expect to remain there. I just want to make that clarification.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Fannon  Jefferies & Company.
Dan Fannon  Jefferies & Company: Building on that question a little bit, can you guys prioritize where you see the most opportunity for growth? Obviously you have the OTC initiatives, but are you also evaluating potential bolton acquisitions, some of which are being rumored over the last couple of weeks in the news?
Craig Donohue : Obviously we've got, I think, diverse and broad growth strategy as you can tell from our discussion and the highlighting of our continued product innovation and enhancements of our technology and clearing capabilities. We're continuing to focus very strongly on core growth in our core businesses.  We obviously also have a number of very important noncore growth initiatives, including as you mentioned the overthecounter derivatives clearing services area. Then, obviously globalization is an important part of that in both respects. We have always a view toward how we can expand the range of products and services that we provide to our clients and to create value for customers. Nonorganic growth opportunities are always going to be something that we look at. Beyond that, I have no specific comments.
Operator:
 :
Michael Carrier  Deutsche Bank: Jamie, just on the expenses. Obviously investing in the business has given, everything you guys are working on makes sense. But when you think about the level of the $1.1 billion, I know it's hard to say, but in terms of volumes and what you are expecting, where we're at like currently and for the year, like how much flexibility if volumes were to slide or you don't get the increase on, say, the interest rate products?
Jamie Parisi: I am not going to get specific around volumes, as you know, but if you look back at last year, I think it's pretty instructive hopefully that we have some flexibility in there. When you look at if the business isn't performing, the bonus expense naturally flexes. You've seen us pull back when we need to on the discretionary expenses. I think we've demonstrated that we're capable of doing that.
Michael Carrier  Deutsche Bank: Then a followup is just any update in terms of timing for the European clearinghouse and/or like an interest rate swap solution?
Kim Taylor: I will address the European clearinghouse part of that question. We continue to work with the FSA, the regulator in the U.K. and moving through our recognition process. We are making progress in that process, but I can't really give you a definitive time frame on the regulatory process. We've made good progress on building up a team there. We look forward to being able to launch the services relatively soon after achieving recognition.
Rick Redding: On the interest rate swap, we continue to make good progress working with buy and sell side to provide the solution there. Obviously the CDS position that we have going on is helping us [inaudible] products up as they come on. We're making good progress.
Operator:
 :
Ken Worthington  JP Morgan: First, the Fed has announced the expiration of a number of lending guarantee and purchase programs over the next couple of months. Are there any programs that are ending that you think could have a meaningful impact on the business? If so, could you kind of walk through how you see things playing out?
Rick Redding: What has been announced is especially related to the mortgage backed area and the mortgage area. It's not 100% clear if they're just going to stop or phase some other kind of program in. I think it's a little difficult to say how that's going to unfold. However, what is positive for us is as those kind of market rates come back into the environment, that's probably a good catalyst for interest rate movement and obviously the need for people the hedge.  Also moving away from the government providing that backstop will force private industry, private banks to step up and be a bigger part of this as well as the GSE. In that, you're probably looking at a more volatile rate environment or at least rates going back to where some people think they should be and not artificially depressed. Depending on how they do it, you could see a lot more activity for some of our clients.
Ken Worthington  JP Morgan: Then, I will try to walk the fine line here. With regard to competition, have your thoughts evolved on how you're dealing with competition today versus maybe how CME and CBOT dealt with Liffe and Eurex in the past? The reason for my question is it seems like defending your market position and being anticompetitive, the line between the two may have narrowed under the current administration. What are your thoughts there?
Craig Donohue: I don't think anything is different. We've lived in a highly competitive, innovative, dynamic industry for certainly the last 30 to 40 years. We have a broad spate of competitors that trade very substantially identical products, similar products, products that are economic substitutes for our own, not just in exchange traded but also overthecounter markets.  So we continue to compete aggressively on the basis of the quality of our products and services and the strength of our customer relationships, the strength of our technology, the strength of our clearinghouse, and on our innovation capabilities. I think that's not different from the past. I don't think that will be different in the future.
Ken Worthington  JP Morgan: Do you think aggressive competition like presents longerterm risks? Or is it just good business?
Craig Donohue: Do I think what?
Ken Worthington  JP Morgan: Like aggressive tactics, do aggressive tactics present longerterm risks that may not have been present in the past?
Craig Donohue: I don't remember any competitors in the past being particularly polite or passive. If you look at the history of competition in this industry, it tends to be incredibly aggressive. I think we've demonstrated over a long period of time that we are equally a very formidable and strong competitor.  The strength of our position is based on the fact that we've been very innovative. We offer extremely high quality liquidity and markets and services. We've made very substantial investments that have been very valuable to us as we've built our business.
Operator:
 :
Jonathan Casteleyn  Susquehanna: Question for Rick. You just mentioned it briefly. But within the interest rate futures complex, isn't change in aftermarket yields, is it enough to really drive strong volume growth going forward or do we really need the Fed to kind of move benchmark rates around?
Rick Redding: I think you have to look at it two ways. On the short end of the curve, clearly you need to get out of the bureau interest rate policy to really change the dynamic there. You can look at the Fed from the futures market to see whether the market thinks those rates are going to substantially move before the end of the year.  On the longer end of the curve, though, outside of just short rates, there's a lot that's going on in the mortgage market, a lot that's going on there, a lot of the government policies. A lot of that can move without having the 0 interest rate policy change at all.  The other thing to think about there is as those relationships across the yield curve may change based on how the government exits this program. It's hard to do a point estimate of volatility, but the way we think about is looking at it as the shape of the yield curve also may change as well.
Jonathan Casteleyn  Susquehanna: So longerterm contracts could benefit, but definitely the short end would definitely benefit more so by a Fed underlying benchmark change?
Rick Redding: I think if you look at the increase in volume in Q4 and the gains rate, what you see is the Treasury complex having a bigger rate of increase than the Eurodollar complex, which I think is indicative of that. What you see on the short end of the curve in the Eurodollar complex is the back 32 contracts are actually year on year lines up quite significantly. You're starting to see people and have seen people position a little further out the curve of where they think rate movement will take place.
Jonathan Casteleyn  Susquehanna: That makes sense. Is there any way to talk about or articulate any recent new product launches in ClearPort? What percentage of revenues they accounted for in the quarter or any percentage of volumes that they accounted for?
Rick Redding: I don't have that in front of me right now, but we can follow up with you.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I will turn the conference back to management for any additional remarks.
Craig Donohue: I just want to thank everybody for joining us this quarter, and we look forward to talking with you next time. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Peschier  Managing Director, IR Craig Donohue  CEO Jamie Parisi  Managing Director and CFO Rick Redding  Managing Director, Products & Services Phupinder Gill  President Terry Duffy  Executive Chairman Kim Taylor  Managing Director and President of Clearing House Division
Analysts: Roger Freeman  Barclays Capital Howard Chen  Credit Suisse Mike Vinciquerra  BMO Capital Markets Rich Repetto  Sandler O'Neill Chris Allen  Pali Capital Ken Worthington  JP Morgan Daniel Harris  Goldman Sachs Michael Carrier  Deutsche Bank Dan Fannon  Jefferies Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Jonathan Casteleyn  Susquehanna Rob Rutschow  CLSA Justin Schack  Rosenblatt Securities Patrick O'Shaughnessy  Raymond James
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the CME Group third quarter 2009 earnings call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead sir.
John Peschier: Thank you and thank you all for joining us. Craig Donohue, our CEO; and Jamie Parisi, our CFO will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the third quarter and then we will open up the call for your questions. Also joining us here today for the Q&A session are Terry Duffy, our Executive Chairman; Phupinder Gill, President; Kim Taylor, who runs our Clearing House; and we have a sick Rick Redding, our Head of Products and Services also who made it in today. Before they begin, I will read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the accompanying slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which are available in the Investor Relations section of our website. During this call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP pro forma results. A reconciliation is available in our press release, and there is also a file on the Investor Relations portion of our website that provides detailed quarterly information on both a GAAP and pro forma basis. With that I would like to turn the call over to Craig.
Craig Donohue: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. During the third quarter, we saw increasing stability in the macroeconomic climate as evidenced by multiple factors. The LIBOR-OIS spread has further tightened to its lowest level in almost two years, indicating a lower risk premium on credit due to greater economic stability. Long-term funds flows continue to move into mutual funds, primarily fixed income products. Hedge fund assets under management rose for the second quarter, and hedge funds net asset flow was positive for the first quarter this year. Finally, after extremely reduced activity in the third and fourth quarters of 2008, mortgage originations have shown sharp upturns in every quarter this year. While many of these metrics are below historical highs, the sustained nature of the trends as well as the indication that market participants are seeking higher risk in return are promising for the overall economy and for CME Group's business. CME Groups volume also demonstrates area of stability and improvement. Third-quarter overall average daily volume was 10.1 million contracts and exploring the details by product area there are some promising trends. Additionally, October average daily volume was approximately 10.7 million contracts. It will be the best non-roll month volume of the year, and open interest is currently up 18% from year-end 2008 and the combined CME, CBOT, NYMEX product lines. The interest rate complex posted its highest quarterly volume since Q3 08 with average daily volume of 4.4 million contracts. Within rates, Eurodollars continued to see growing activity in contracts in the second and third year of the yield curve. In the third quarter, these contracts contributed 53% of overall Eurodollar futures volume versus only 44% for the same quarter a year ago. Changing expectations around interest rates are a key driver of CME Group's interest-rate volumes and this shift in Eurodollar activity indicates that market participants see more likelihood for changing interest rates further out on the calendar than in the near term, which is in line with current federal reserve policy and with prevailing economist views on the timing of potential Fed moves. While we certainly are not in the business of trying to predict interest rate moves, we highlight this volume trend as one example of how interest-rate expectations affect CME Groups volumes. Another metric impacting interest rates that we closely follow is cash market penetration of treasury futures. Our treasury complex has shown growing cash penetration or treasury futures activity as a percent of cash treasury trading activity over the course of 2009 ending the quarter at 56%, up from 53% at the end of the second quarter, and from 46% at the end of December. Increased cash market penetration at a time of heightened treasury issuance positions CME Group well to capture hedging activity when interest-rate expectations start to shift. Energy volume in the third quarter was in line with year-to-date average daily volume of 1.5 million contracts. However, on a revenue basis the energy complex generated 161 million, which is up 11% from the prior quarter and is a record for quarterly revenue. Both crude oil and natural gas revenues were up from recent quarters. FX also had its highest quarterly volume of the year, trading 660,000 contracts per day and October volume is also strong at 700,000 contracts per day. The equities complex traded 2.7 million contracts per day in the third quarter, down 11% from the prior quarter. This shift is primarily due to cyclical impacts from decreased volatility in this asset class, which were affecting other equity index futures and options markets globally. We are pleased to see ongoing results from our globalization effort. One measurable example of these efforts is our international incentive program, which provides fee incentives for high-volume participation by international customers. NYMEX energy products were added to this program in April, and since then we have seen average daily volume in energy products traded through this program increase from 9,000 in April to 42,000 contracts in September. This activity highlights the success of our globalization efforts, and we look forward to continuing to build on the strong performance to date, especially with the addition of COMEX metals products to the program in the first half of 2010. Looking beyond product performance to our customer segmentation, we saw numbers in the third quarter largely in line with the August and September detail provided at our recent Investor Day. Proprietary buy-side traders contributed 43% of overall volume, hedge funds accounted for 7% of volume, showing a slight increase in contribution for the second quarter in a row. Bank proprietary trading accounted for 14% of volume; other member activity was 20%, and non-member activity at 16%. This segmentation is for legacy CME and CBOT products only. Overall, though volumes continue to be challenged, we are pleased with the volume activity in relation to macroeconomic conditions, and we believe that the ongoing signs of economic recovery will continue to exert potential positive influences on CME Group volumes. I would like to talk now about CME Group's strategic accomplishments in the quarter. NYMEX integration continues to progress on schedule with the full clearing integration completed in early October. Equally important, the cultures, employees and strategic goals of our two firms are meshing well, and as a combined company we are emerging from the integration and building phase with a highly talented, dedicated staff that is able to bring expertise, vision and scalability to all of our growth initiatives. Beyond the ongoing efforts to promote, expand and cross-sell our core exchange traded business, a key focus for CME Group our OTC efforts. We continue to make excellent progress on these with a target date of year-end for participants in the CDS buy-side pilot program to begin clearing. Efforts and cleared interest rate swaps and FX also continued to advance. In September, we signed an agreement with Bursa Malaysia under which we will provide Globex, order routing and matching services for their derivatives business. Additionally, CME Group will receive a license to use their settlement prices for the development of a CME listed crude palm oil futures contract. This partnership with others such as BM&F Bovespa in Brazil help further CME's strategic goals of increased global distribution and product expansion. Following the CFTCs approval of the Ibovespa index for US-based trading accounts in late August, BM&F Bovespa north to South order routing saw 85,000 contract sites trade in September and 144,000 contracts sites trade in October to date. On October 27 the volume reached an all-time high record of 219,000 contract sites. The percent of BM&F Bovespas total volume coming from north to south order routing was nearly 3% in September and continues to grow in October. For BM&F Bovespa this partnership is bringing a completely new incremental volume from the previously unreached customers set, which is US based algorithmic proprietary traders. Over and above charging for transaction processing, CME Group is the single largest shareholder, benefits from the stock price increases seen year-to-date as BM&F Bovespa grows, the liquidity of their markets through this new arrangement. In addition to all of this, we have been working diligently on the regulatory front providing input and feedback as legislators and regulators work through various financial reform proposals. There has been a significant amount of recent advancement in these efforts and on the whole, we believe these outcomes to date contain net positive impacts for CME group. First, a key conclusion of the SEC-CFTC Harmonization Report is that the futures in cash markets are indeed distinct in both product concept and market function, and one size fits all regulation is neither desirable nor appropriate. The areas where recommendations were made are largely technical and relatively modest in nature, and can be enacted with minimal disruptions to the markets. Secondly, the bills passed out of the house agriculture and finance committees reflect significant feedback from market participants, and with their focus on using the advantages of central counterparty clearing to reduce systemic risk, acknowledging the value of CME Group's model in the overall markets. Finally, the discussion of position limits in energy is ongoing, and CME Group continues to take an active role here. On this topic, the language in Chairman Petersons bill that prevents the CFTC from placing hard position limits on regulated US exchanges until they are simultaneously placed on the OTC market in foreign boards of trade, and the call for the CFTC study on the impacts of position limits reinforces the views expressed in our recent White Paper regarding the potential for inappropriate position limits to have unintended consequences. While we have not seen convincing evidence, the factors other than fundamental supply and demand influenced commodity pricing and while we are not in favor of position limits as a tool to manage price volatility, we are working closely with market participants and the regulators to ensure that any action taken does not negatively affect the liquidity and efficiency of our markets. There are several more steps involved before any regulatory or legislative changes are made to any of the previously described issues and timeframes will remain beyond our control. As we have for many years, we will continue to leverage our experience and relationships in Washington to both educate and inform key policymakers on the critical factors affecting our markets. In summary, during the third quarter CME Group's core business showed stability and strength and improving open interest trends. Financial reform efforts advanced and currently show minimal potential for negative impacts to CME Group, and in fact are likely to be positive influences if enacted. Finally, we continue to invest and see results from our global expansion efforts and our cleared over-the-counter efforts. All of these factors, we believe position CME Group well as the economy finds new ground post credit crisis. With that let me turn the call over to Jamie.
Jamie Parisi: Thank you, Craig. CME Group turned in a solid third-quarter financial performance, despite what is normally a seasonally slower July and August. Our GAAP results are summarized in the press release. Today I am going to focus on the details for Q3 on a pro forma basis as if we own NYMEX for all periods considered. On an after-tax basis, the pro formas also exclude a $19 million impairment charge related to IMAREX as outlined in the press release, $2 million of CBOT and NYMEX merger-related items as well as the impact of earnings on deferred compensation balances. During Q3 average daily volume was down 23% compared to an extremely active third-quarter of 2008 as a result of the credit crisis. Expenses were down 10% compared to the same quarter last year and up slightly from the prior quarter this year. The overall pro forma rate per contract for all CME Group volume increased 6% to $0.834 compared with $0.79 in the third quarter of 2008, primarily due to our energy and metal increasing from 13% of total a year ago to 17% this quarter. Sequentially the rate per contract increased $0.011 from $0.823 due mainly to an increase in our ClearPort and energy rates driven by a lower percentage of low-priced PJM electricity contracts, which accounted for 16% of ClearPort portfolio volume down from 21% the prior quarter. We also saw a slight benefit from the pricing changes implemented during the third quarter, which lifted the RPC by the three-tenths of a cent and from a higher percentage of FX in energy contracts in that product mix. Partially offsetting these positive rate shifts was a 0.6% increase in the number mix. Market data revenue of $81 million for the quarter decreased 11% versus last year and is down 1% sequentially. At the end of the third quarter users subscribed to 400,000 base devices across CME, CBOT, NYMEX, down 2% or 7,000 versus Q2 of this year, reflecting the impacts of reduced staffing at the larger banks. During the third quarter, one-time vendor audit assessments were about $700,000 higher than Q2, which resulted in revenue dropping only 1% sequentially. We have announced a professional screen [ph] fee increase from $55 to $61 per month beginning in January of 2010. I will now take a few minutes to review expenses. Pro forma operating expenses were $244 million for Q3, up $1 million sequentially and down 10% versus Q3 last year. We continued our significant efforts to capture the NYMEX synergies and reduced discretionary expenses where possible. Starting with our largest expense, compensation and benefits was down $1 million sequentially to $84.5 million due primarily to lower stock-based compensation. Our combined headcount at the end of Q3 stood at 2,250 basically flat with the prior quarter. Our third-quarter bonus expense was $8.8 million, virtually flat relative to the second quarter. Stock-based compensation was $6.8 million in the third quarter, down 1.4 million from Q2 of this year. We moved our stock option grant date from mid-June to mid-September and the prior year grants rolled off in June resulting in lower Q3 expense. Based on our grant in September, we expect stock-based compensation to increase by approximately $3 million to $10 million in the fourth quarter. Non-compensation expenses of $159 million were down $19 million, versus last year, and up $2 million sequentially. Comparing to the prior quarter, we had a decrease in our professional fees and outside services expense line, which partially offset increases in marketing and other, along with several technology related lines, including depreciation, which increased following the start-up of our new data center during the third quarter. We realized NYMEX related expense synergies of $12.4 million in Q3 or approximately $50 million annualized, and we're virtually complete in terms of the 60 million annual rate expense synergies we had identified at the time of the acquisition. We completed major milestones with the clearing immigrations for metals in September and energy products in early October. We expect to be done with the NYMEX integration in the next few weeks. In terms of our expectations for full year expenses, based on volumes near current levels, we expect annual pro forma expenses to come in close to $1 billion, which is below the guidance we gave last quarter. Giving some further color on the fourth quarter, we expect compensation expense to jump due to the stock-based compensation increase I had already mentioned. Our non-comp expenses, we expect an increase in technology lines based on the new data center and increase in professional fees primarily due to the intensity of our OTC activities from a legal and consulting basis, and increases in marketing and other with a significant amount of international travel in our ongoing efforts related to activity in Washington DC. Q3 pro forma operating income was $407 million, down 21% from the third quarter last year and slightly higher than Q2. Our revenue was down 17% versus the same quarter a year ago, while expenses dropped by 10%. As a result, we were able to maintain a very strong pro forma operating margin of 63%, down from Q3 of 08 and unchanged compared to last quarter. In the non-operating income and expense category, on the investment income line we received a $4.8 million dividend from BM&F Bovespa. They had recently updated their dividend policy, and going forward we expect them to pay a dividend each quarter with the amount varying based on their performance. During the quarter we paid down $450 million in debt. As of the end of the quarter, we had $2.5 billion of debt and $300 million of cash and marketable securities. For the quarter, our pro forma effective tax rate was 41.4% bringing us to 41.1% year-to-date. Capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $28 million in the third quarter and $94 million year-to-date driven primarily by data center, software equipment and facilities cost. We expect full-year 2009 CapEx to total approximately $140 million. This reflects the reduction from our previous guidance, which is driven by deferrals from data center spend and some office construction as well as lower capacity needs. So far in October we are averaging 10.7 million contracts per day. This is higher than any first month of a quarter so far this year. Also we expect to have positive growth versus October last year in all of our commodity product lines along with foreign exchange. In summary, as you can see from our results we have been focused on expense discipline, while continuing to invest in growth opportunities. Given the initiatives we are undertaking and the firming up of the economic environment as highlighted by Craig, I'm looking forward to a bright future for CME Group. As we reminded you last quarter, in order to get to everyone we are limiting all of you to one question and one follow-up, and then feel free to get back in the queue for an additional question if time permits. With this in mind, we will now open up the call for your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning. I guess few questions here. All right, I guess only two. But maybe on the interest rate swap opportunity, if you look at how that product has evolved over time, can you help us think about that a bit because I guess my understanding is it started out more as a futures contract, has evolved to a cleared swap contract, and why that might be significant for users?
Rick Redding: Roger, this is Rick. You are absolutely right. We got into the marketplace and really started talking to both buy and the sell-side and trying to figure out what their needs were. One of the things that became evident to us is that product needs to be cleared more as an OTC product rather than as a futures contract. And that for a lot of reasons for the risk is very different than what a traditional futures contract is. So a lot of the efforts that we have been undertaking on the clearance side is to really look at these as OTC contracts, and we think that is the right way, and we think that is the way both the buy and sell-side want to clear these products.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Okay, great, and then I guess my second question would be OTC-related, since your Investor Day, I think one thing that has popped out in all of the regulatory rhetoric is again for now suggesting that hedge exemptions for dealers should be eliminated for non-commercial swap transactions, and I'm just wondering from your perspective, how do you think if that happens in taking the deterioration of the market fall that will likely create. How do you think that would impact volumes for you if financial counterparties like hedge funds and buy-side (inaudible) effectively couldnt do credit swap with the Street, do you think that volume would just come directly to you in futures volumes?
Craig Donohue: It is Craig. Let me make a couple of comments on that. I think first of all I think that's not likely to affect the end-user, the end-user would likely distribute its business across a larger number of swap dealers in order to deal with that potential restraints that would be imposed, but I think maybe more fundamentally I think it's important to say that you know, there is no outcome yet on that topic and there is a diversity of views on that topic. I actually believe that the commission is still you know, evaluating the best way to deal with that issue, and I think it is relatively clear that various other commissioners I think don't necessarily favor that approach, even the language in the current bill sort of been put through I think is still in flux in terms of how that will work. So I wouldn't jump to the conclusion that a wholesale you know, elimination of the swap dealers hedge exemption is very likely.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Howard Chen of Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Good morning everyone.
Craig Donohue: Hi, Howard.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Hi. There was a meaningful shift in interest-rate RPC this quarter. Was curious if you could provide a bit more color there, and I know it is early, but are you seeing any changes in customer behavior with the fee schedule adjustments, i.e., you know, customers stretching for the new tiers?
Craig Donohue: On the interest-rate (inaudible) from $0.525 down to about $0.505 cents quarter-over-quarter, and that the key drivers there were that nonmember volume mix did drop somewhat quarter-over-quarter and then we also saw a decline in some of the EXPIT [ph] transactions which are at a higher rate. So the mix of EXPIT fell as well. So those are the key drivers there.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks. And then Jamie did debt paid down was a bit faster than anticipated. It is $450 million outsized in anyway or should we assume if you generate a similar amount of cash flow that you could pay a similar amount of debt on a quarterly basis?
Jamie Parisi: Well, you notice that in the prepared remarks we talked about our cash balance  cash and investment balance being around $300 million. Typically in the past we've had that around $500 million. So there was some reduction in, you know, cash on hand to bring that debt further down you know, as time goes on and we get more comfortable with you know, with the debt and managing it, we're able to manage that cash balance down. So it was a little bit outside this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Vinciquerra of BMO Capital Markets.
Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you. Good morning.
Craig Donohue: Good morning Mike.
Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: One last question on Brazil, certainly you have seen a very nice up-tick in volumes with your relationship there over the last just two months. Just wondering if, you know, is the momentum continuing as we move through October. Do you think that it's going to be a big impact when you get the Ibovespa product up and running, and one follow-up question on this is why do look at it in terms of single-side rather than round turns like you do in your domestic business?
Craig Donohue: Mike I'll take the first part of that and ask my colleagues to comment on the latter question, but you know, we are continuing to see very strong month-over-month growth in north to south order routing. We just set a new record yesterday on that. Right now we have three clients that are particularly active, but we have a large number of other additional clients that are in the pipeline of setting up their capabilities to execute orders in the BM&F products through the order routing linkage. So we do see, you know, continued opportunity for growth in that. The Ibovespa index approval was actually received in August and so that actually has contributed to the significant increase month-over-month between September and October as US-based customers can now also trade the Ibovespa index through that linkage verses our non-US customers that were doing that before. So that has been a very positive growth vehicle for us.
Rick Redding: In Mike, to your second part about why they are accounting it inside. There is an order routing. So we are only seeing the one side of the trade that goes down there. It will get matched with you know, someone trading from 
Craig Donohue: We could be on both sides but we're not always on both sides.
Rick Redding: We can't see what the other side of that trade is.
Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Terrific, okay. Thanks for that explanation and then one separate question. Co-location services have come up, a number of times people questioning the appropriateness of them, maybe it's only in the securities market but can you talk about whether or not there is going to be any pressure on the way you offer co-location and could there be any changes coming?
Craig Donohue: Well, you're right. That is a topic that people are expressing a lot of interest and you know, we ourselves are moving in that same direction but our policies have always been to have very transparent you know, offerings in terms of pricing and the structure of the services that we provide. We also provide for, you know, kind of level playing field in terms of customer's ability to access those types of facilities, and so I'm very confident that we shouldn't have any constraints or restrictions on our ability to do that. We will work collaboratively with the CFTC to make sure that they understand the nature of the services and how we are intending to offer them, but I don't view that as being any kind of impediment to our moving forward.
Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: And next we have Rich Repetto of Sandler O'Neill.
Rich Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: Yes, good morning Terry, Craig, Rick, Jamie, how are you doing?
Craig Donohue: Great.
Jamie Parisi: Very good, Rich.
Craig Donohue: You forgot Susan.
Rich Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: And Susan and John. The question using your term, Craig, new ground, post credit crisis. Can you give us an update on the FX clearing, you know, just the OTC clearing and the CDS clearing efforts like you know, we haven't heard anything, any update with regards to the relationships with the dealers.
Craig Donohue: Right, you know I'm happy to do that. I mean we are really  we are very pleased and I think excited about the progress that we're making. We have you know, an extremely large level of engagement from your know, not only our buy-side founding member firms, but, you know, a large number of significant dealers who are working across you know, a large number of work streams with us right now, and who are committed to meeting you know, operational and other key project milestones in order for us to be positioned to begin clearing trades by mid-December. That includes, you know, a lot of work being done not just on the operations side, but also in terms of legal documentation. So we're making I think very good progress, very sincere engagement and commitment from all market participants and a high degree of collaboration between the buy-side and the sell-side as they look to get ready to interface with the CME clearing house on CDS. We're also continuing to advance the ball with respect to interest rates and FX. But I would say at the moment most people's attention is really consumed with the CDS initiative.
Operator: And the next question is from Chris Allen of Pali Capital.
Chris Allen - Pali Capital: Good morning guys.
Craig Donohue: Hi, Chris.
Jamie Parisi: Hi.
Chris Allen - Pali Capital: I just wanted to actually ask outside of earnings on the news that is hitting the tape above the Saudis moving away from pricing on WTI, and how that would potentially impact CME, was there any plans for new product launches to offset that and how that would work?
Craig Donohue: Yes, thanks Chris for the question. I mean I think it's very clear what we said in our article that we do actually intend to launch the new products based on this. I mean, obviously the Argus Sour Crude Index is something that we've been focused on. This is something that was not unexpected in the marketplace, and something we've been anticipating for quite some time. And I think it's important to understand a little bit of history here, and how they use the benchmark. Typically this is for physical oil sales. So what they've been using has been the Platts WTI price that's actually based on a 315 [ph] price. It's actually by the moving away helps us because it will force us, force them to move the WTI future settlement price at two o'clock because all those grades of oil are going to trade at a differential to WTI. So when you think about the Sours in the US, the three main components of the Argus index are Poseidon, Green Canyon and Mars. All of those right now trade at the differential to WTI. So that's not going to change. So in some aspects this actually helps us get them to use the two o'clock settlement price on our futures contract right now. So we view this actually as a positive, and now it also gives us a chance to, you know, do some other product development things around it to actually fortify this and this is, you know, in a weird way I think a benefit for the product.
Chris Allen - Pali Capital: Got it. Thanks a lot for the color.
Operator: And next, we have Ken Worthington of JP Morgan.
Ken Worthington  JP Morgan: Hi, good morning. Just one question, Brazil just implemented an IOF tax of 2% last week really directed at foreigners. How do you think that impacts the north-south volume going forward? I know you just had a record day, but is there  are there any implications for that north-south business?
Craig Donohue: Ken, it's Craig. I think there shouldn't be any impact there. The tax is not actually applicable to derivatives contracts. So we're not expecting any impact. I would say more broadly if you're familiar with tax policies and tax rules in Brazil, they tend to change fairly frequently, and I know that the impact of the tax as it relates to the securities products, Ibovespa is something that the exchange leadership there is very actively involved in talking with the government about. It is not that unusual, not that I'm predicting it. But is not that unusual for these kinds of taxes to be put in place and then taken back if they're deemed to be counterproductive, and I think you know, my judgment is that the Brazilian government is you know, very oriented right now towards, you know ensuring that Sao Paulo is a major financial center and certainly a regional center in Latin America. So I do think they'll be sensitive to those concerns as they see you know, negative impacts on Bovespa, but it should have no impact on our north-south order routing.
Ken Worthington  JP Morgan: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: And next, we have Daniel Harris of Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning guys.
Craig Donohue: Hi, Daniel.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: Just want to focus maybe a little bit outside of Brazil, but on the other international opportunities you have. You mentioned on the international incentive program that's been having a positive impact, I think you said something like 42,000 contracts today. What kind of penetration rate do you think you have in terms of that international opportunity? How high can that number go, whether that's nominal or any other way you want to think about and what products are they trading largely. Is that the rates or the FX products?
Rick Redding: Daniel, this is Rick. You know, I think the growth that we talked about this morning shows that in a very quick time that those  that we can grow this business pretty quickly. I mean and that's what a lot of these international incentive programs have been focused on. You've seen from us in the last couple of months additional programs go out there as we see opportunities. One of the things that we've been doing in those programs too Daniel is, you know, we've started with the CBOT and CME products. You know, we've just recently included or including the NYMEX energy products, and then in 2010 you see us include the COMEX products in there as well. So what were starting to see and it really varies by location of what products they're interested in. So the mix is very different from different countries, but you'll continue to see us roll products into those incentive programs, because we think there is still a tremendous amount of growth outside of the United States.
Operator: And next is Michael Carrier of Deutsche Bank.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank: Thanks, guys. Just a question on the over-the-counter opportunities, it seems like by market or by product, you know, really just depends in terms of the client mix. So, you know, when you look at this whether it is the FX business or the interest-rate business, it seems like the buy-side or the non-dealers you know, make up a pretty good you know, portion of that market, whereas on the CDS side it seems like it's still your know, dealer intensive. Just trying to understand from your guidance perspective, it seems like you're going after you know, the buy-side as maybe the  I dont want to say primary, because you have the dealers too, but that's kind of your niche. I'm just wondering like how that works versus like some of other platform job there, and then when you get to the other products, whether it (inaudible) equities, I mean it seems like that works, just wondering the differences between you know, the products.
Craig Donohue: You know, I'll start and maybe my colleagues will contribute, but you know, I think that most of the people that are focused on providing central counterparty clearing services for the over-the-counter markets are, I think converging in terms of their effort to your know, provide services not just to the dealer community but to the buy-side as well. I mean we certainly have a very kind of you know, neutral you know, role in terms of the way that we've tried to structure access to our clearing facilities that the product and service offerings themselves are really different you know, between the different providers with the exception that at least in CDS you know, we're trying to do both single lane as well as indexes, but I don't think the approach at this point is really that different. We've had different starting places, each of us, but most of us are trying to address the needs of both the buy-side and the sell-side, and I would say we have a high level of engagement from  all market purchase depends on different offerings that we are looking to bring to market. Am I addressing your question?
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank: Yes, that's helpful. And then just one for Jamie. Just on the expenses you know, the guidance on the fourth quarter is helpful. I guess just when you start looking you know, at 2010 a lot of new initiatives and still trying to squeeze out costs. Anything there I know it's still early but you know, just relative to the fourth quarter going forward?
Jamie Parisi: It's a bit early. I think we'll have more to say on our February call.
Michael Carrier - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: And next is Dan Fannon of Jefferies.
Dan Fannon - Jefferies: Good morning. Thank you. When do you guys expect to launch your lending clearing house? You've talked about this and wanted to see what hurdles are there  out there from a regulatory perspective that you think might impede that or (inaudible)?
Phupinder Gill: Hi, this is Gill. The application is in and we expect to receive approval by the end of the year and begin all operations sometime in the early first quarter of next year.
Dan Fannon - Jefferies: Great, thank you.
Operator: And next, we have Donald Fandetti of Citigroup.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup: Craig, in terms of the OTC as you negotiate with the banks. I mean there is the view that the banks have gotten more confident, and are sort of trying to drive a tougher deal. I mean, are you still confident that the economics are attractive to CME and can you talk a little bit about how that may be progressing?
Craig Donohue: Yes, sure. I mean I think you know, first of all there is I think significant demand for central counterparty clearing services certainly from the buy-side, but in response to your comment, you know, I think given the state of the legislative efforts that are out there, you know, I think that the sell side in fact is working hard to not only try to you know, satisfy their customers but also be appropriately positioned in the event that ultimately the Congress determines to require central counterparty clearing for standardized swaps. So I don't think this is a situation where you know, the providers of these services have you know, capability in terms of pricing. You know, we're trying to be partners with the over-the-counter trading community. So we've embraced a model that you know, reflects that kind of a partnership approach with the sell-side as well as the buy-side, but our view is that you know, there is ample room for profitability for us to do this or we wouldn't be working as hard as we are to provide those kinds of services. It's pretty immature at this point to get into specific kind of pricing structures and methodologies, but I think we've struck a balance between you know, getting fairly compensated for the services that we are going to provide and yet recognizing that you know, in some sense this actually is a partnership between us and the OTC community.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup: Thank you.
Operator: And next, we have Jonathan Casteleyn with Susquehanna.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna: Hi, good morning. You alluded to ClearPort capabilities in your press release. I'm just wondering if you have any specific products in mind or any timing for any launches.
Craig Donohue: You know, I think I'm not sure what you're commenting on, but you know, obviously you know, we are continuing to add a large number of products to CME ClearPort in our existing core space which is oil, gas, and power and in fact, you know, we are seeing significant revenue growth from new products that are being introduced, but beyond that as we've mentioned before we're are also leveraging you know, CME ClearPort into the financial derivatives OTC space in terms of you know, other offerings and rate swaps and foreign exchange. So that's all the stuff that we've been talking about.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna: Okay, but mainly you are saying that core asset class is still energy, or can you creep into other asset classes I guess is my question?
Craig Donohue: Yes, we are already offering products in other asset classes. For example, we do use CME ClearPort for a fairly significant number of agricultural commodity contracts, but again we are going to be leveraging CME ClearPort into all of the major asset classes including the financial derivatives.
Jamie Parisi: And Jonathan, we've just recently launched London Gold Forwards. So we've made a significant entry into the metals market as well.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna: Okay. My follow-up question is does the harmonization of the CFTC and the FCC, does that really change or can it change the futures industry M&A perspective. I mean, generally the futures industry tends not to want to look at other exchange properties because you know, potentially you could you know, be subject to different regulatory purview. Does that change at all as harmonization between these two agencies gets closer?
Craig Donohue: You know, I'll make two comments on that. First of all, the regulatory distinctions between the securities and the futures markets have never been for CME Group of barrier. We look at more the kind of fundamental characteristics of those businesses in terms of whether we think they would be a good set for us, and whether we thought we could be successful as a competitor in those markets. So the fact that the securities markets have a different regulator, a different regulatory regime is not in and of itself a kind of barrier for us, and that's been a kind of position we've consistently taken for a long time. I guess the other comment that I would make is that I think in the end if you look at the harmonization report, you know, as I mentioned during the prepared remarks, the areas of recommendation and convergence are largely, I would say technical areas that are not themselves very significant and not likely to actually impact the market structure or overall regulatory framework. So I don't think that should make much of a difference is my view.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Susquehanna: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And next is Rob Rutschow of CLSA.
Rob Rutschow - CLSA: Hi, good morning. My first question is on OTC rate swap clearing. How are you positioning yourself versus the LCH given their pricing and does it matter where a swap is cleared geographically.
Rick Redding: Rob, this is Rick. I mean I think it's important to understand what the value proposition to each customer segment is to understand what our offering is versus what LCH. I mean obviously coming to the Lehman situation, a lot of people are viewing the kind of safety and soundness of the US system to be much safer than some of the overseas, and so I think when you look at it from a customer side of this that there is a lot of attention on what the safety that we can provide in a clearing solution. Also out there in the market right now, the LCH solution is a D-to-D solution, dealer to dealer. We think that as Craig mentioned that we have to get all sides of the trade end to make this successful. So, obviously the buy-side is important as well as the sell-side. And I think you have to look at this across asset classes to see what the value is. You know, the other thing is in certain products you have to remember that you know, if capital efficiency is what people are after, having the underlying hedge in the futures product is critical. I mean we can offer a lot more capital savings to someone that doesn't have the underlying hedge in their clearing house.
Rob Rutschow - CLSA: Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you. Second question was on expenses and I sort of laid this off until next year, but if we were to have a weaker revenue environment what would sort of the triggers be for another round of cost-cutting and where might we look on the expense base for additional cuts?
Jamie Parisi: You know, Rob, this is Jamie. We are always looking to be as efficient as we can, right. So we're going to continue to take expenses out where possible, and you know, just as before we'll focus on areas of discretionary expense, and if volumes or revenues were to go down dramatically, we would look in other areas as well. But I think given all the  as we said the growth initiatives in front of us and kind of the firming up of the economic environment, you know, feeling pretty good about the future here.
Rob Rutschow - CLSA: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Rich Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: Yes, hi guys. I got Rob do my second question here. But anyway I do have a follow-up, hopefully that'll be brief. But Terry and Craig, you've been very good at providing like foresight or looking into the future, being ahead of the sort of the regulatory curve here, and where things are going. As things move from the house to the Senate, what is the color and what has your interaction been with those legislators, are they as reasonable and have you had the same interaction it appears to have had with the house?
Terry Duffy: Rich, it is Terry. I think that it is interesting as we are going to move into the Senate starting sometime next year. There is a new chairperson of the Senate agricultural committee, which I think is very much engaged in our issues and that is Senator Blanche Lincoln from Arkansas. I think Blanche is going to be an excellent chairman of the committee. So he is good to work with, and we are excited about the opportunities to do so. As you know right now, the Senate has not taken up any reg reform activity of any consequence as they have been focused on health care reform. There has been some bills coming out of Senator Reed of Rhode Island and a few other folks, but to be honest with you, I think that the language that came out of the house bills will be very much in favor as it works its way towards the Senate, and as Craig said earlier, there is a lot of things that came out of both the Frank and the Petersen bill the CME Group is very happy with. So we are very much engaged in the process and look forward to working with Senator Lincoln and Senator Dodd on the banking committee also. So again I think this is a great opportunity for us to get some clarity in the regulatory reform. And I think that is what the market needs. I think the market needs regulatory clarity, and if you look at the harmonization report and Craig already commented on that, but there was a lot of things that were in that harmonization report that I think were very beneficial such as people commenting about the two different structures of the business and how CME Groups open access approach for OTC is very beneficial. So I'm excited about working in Washington over the next several months (inaudible).
Rich Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: Great. It just sounds like you are ahead of the curve there as well. I will omit my second question just to the length there, but I will just say the expenses Jamies conservative guidance, I told you so.
Operator: And next we will go to Justin Schack of Rosenblatt Securities.
Justin Schack - Rosenblatt Securities: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Most of my questions have been answered, but I'm wondering if you can provide a little bit of color on the customer segmentation, and particularly on the buy-side prop category. It looks like it didn't move much in the quarter, but it has been growing quite a bit. And two things there, is that because the aggregate volumes from that segment have been going up or is that everybody else's has been falling off or perhaps accommodation of both. And then what do you see in the trend going forward there, are there new people coming to you from this segment, interesting color [ph], things like that, where you think that is going to continue to grow over time?
Rick Redding: Justin, this is Rick. Now, we have seen a continual growth in the algorithmic proprietary trading segment, especially in the high velocity side. This has been a trend we have been seeing for five, six, seven years now. Weve always believed that that continues to get bigger. What we are seeing now is people coming out of banks, people coming out of hedge funds, starting their own proprietary groups. So what you continually see is new ones coming into the marketplace, and one of the things that has really come up in the last six months or so and last year may be  have been the number of foreign groups that are participating in this. People from remote parts of the world that have extremely good talent, but are beginning to trade algorithmically as well. You know, I think this is part of a bigger trend that has been going on in the industry for quite some time. To even think about it from kind of buy-side firms that use more algorithms just to do order execution. So we think this continues. Weve, I think for the last several years been telling people that this is an area of growth for CME, and we think that that will continue.
Justin Schack - Rosenblatt Securities: Thanks. That is helpful.
Operator: And next, we have Roger Freeman of Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Hi, just a couple of follow-ups here. I guess since you announced the partnership, the inclusion of a number of large buy-side firms for the CDS clearing. What has been the impact in terms of other buy-side firms reaching out and how many have joined since then?
Rick Redding: I would say, generally, it has been extremely positive. We had a customer event in New York, where we had several hundred people, a large cross-section of buy-side and sell-side participants, and we have seen growth on both sides in terms of their interest in our offering as well as work that they are now doing to become operationally prepared to interface with us. So, it is a broad cross-section of the industry now that is working with us, but we are focused primarily at least for this initial kind of first phase on the core founding group members for the buy-side and the sell-side, but we are working with and supporting other market participants to be operationally capable of processing trade with us.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Got it. Okay. And then lastly, just on the interest-rate complex, the Fed is essentially finished with portion of QE that involves buying treasuries. And so as you think about the incremental buyer and their hedging needs, how do you see that shaping up? Do you see banks as really kind of stepping in here as they build capital and put that into the treasuries rather than lending, and will they be incremental sources of volumes there?
Rick Redding: Yes, one of the things to think about is on quantitative easing, they made some announcements around that, but also keep in mind that there are programs in place to support mortgage-backeds and a lot of other things. To say that the Fed or the Treasury is out of that businesses, I think is a little premature, especially given the issuance that is coming up over the coming years. So I mean they can affect that in several different ways then the 300 billion program they put out there. So  and I think your point is right, there is so much I mean what you have seen in this past week is as the supply concerns burning away [ph] on people, you have seen rates move around quite a bit. Our volume has come back quite strong this past week, especially in the longer end of the curve. So I think that is correct directionally as the market finds a new equilibrium for (inaudible), it has provided a good tailwind in the past week or so for our volumes.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: And next, we have Patrick O'Shaughnessy of Raymond James.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James: Hi, good morning guys. So, ELX is trying to get the DTCC to work with them, instead of just the exclusive working relationship with NYSE Euronext. As far as cross-margining some of the interest rate products, is that something that you are also trying to work on yourself, so basically are you on the same side as ELX here trying to establish cross-margining with the DTCC.
Craig Donohue: I will ask maybe Kim Taylor who is with us to comment on that, but I would say that generally speaking we have been a leader in cross-margining arrangements with other clearing houses, and we are certainly looking at ways in which we could facilitate efficiencies for people who are active in both the cash treasuries as well as the treasury's futures market. Kim, if you're still on, it might be useful for you to comment.
Kim Taylor: I would agree with Craig that we are very open to seeking opportunities for efficiencies for uses of our markets, but I would also want to point out in answer to your question, we already have cross-margining arrangement in place with the fixed income clearing corp portion of DTCC. So if that was your question, if we would pursue something like that, we already have one in place and have had for some years.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James: Thanks.
Operator: That completes todays question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back to John Peschier for any additional comments or closings.
John Peschier: I would like to thank everybody for joining us today and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  John Peschier - Managing Director, Investor Relations Craig Donohue - Chief Executive Officer Jamie Parisi - Chief Financial Officer Terry Duffy - Executive Chairman  Rick Redding - Head of Products and Services
Analysts:  Mike Carrier - Deutsche Bank Rich Repetto - Sandler O'Neill Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs Howard Chen - Credit Suisse Niamh Alexander - KBW Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets Chris Allen - Pali Capital Ken Worthington - JPMorgan Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital  Don Fandetti - Citi Dan Fannon - Jefferies Rob Rutschow - CLSA Justin Schack - Rosenblatt Securities
Operator:  Good day, everyone and welcome to the CME Group second quarter 2009 earnings call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the conference over to your host, John Peschier. Please go ahead.
John Peschier: Thanks and thank all of you for joining us this morning. Craig Donohue, our CEO; Terry Duffy, our Executive Chairman; and Jamie Parisi, our CFO will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the second quarter and then we will open up the call your questions. Also joining us for participation in the Q&A session is Rick Redding, our Head of Products and Services. Before they begin, I will read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the accompanying slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q, which are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. During this call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP pro forma results. A reconciliation is available in our press release and there is a file on the Investor Relations portion of our website that provides detailed quarterly information on a GAAP and pro forma basis. With that I would like to turn the call over to Craig.
Craig Donohue: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I'll begin by spending some time covering our second quarter highlights, and then Terry will take a few minutes to discuss the current regulatory environment and after that I'll turn the call over to Jamie for a more detailed discussion of our financial results. I'm pleased to report another highly profitable quarter. On a pro forma basis, we achieved revenues of $648 million and operating income of $405 million. Earnings per share were $3.37 for the second quarter, and we continue to exhibit strong expense discipline and operating leverage as evidenced by operating margins of 63%. Pro forma operating expenses were $243 million, down 4% from the first quarter. While the macroeconomic conditions in the first quarter were marked by ongoing certainty, in the second quarter the economy started to show increasing signs of stabilization. One closely monitored metric, the LIBOR-OIS, spread trended consistently downward over the quarter ending June at the lowest level in nearly 18 months. A decrease in volatility in many asset classes during the second quarter further indicates growing economic stability. In our markets, the key measure of increasing stability that we have observed is increased liquidity as marked by improvements in depth of book and bid/ask spreads across all asset classes from Q1 '09 to Q2 '09. Getting into a few highlights on volume, June saw 11.4 million contracts in average daily volume. This is the highest monthly volume of the year led by interest rate products as the steepening yield curve drove intermediate and long-term hedging activity by market participants. At the peak of this activity, CME Group's interest rate complex saw the highest volume day ever on June 5th with 10.9 million contracts traded. Our treasury complex has shown growing cash market penetration or treasury futures activity as a percentage of cash treasury trading activity over the course of 2009 ending the quarter at 53% up from 46% at the end of December. This positions us well for the return of more dynamic interest rate expectations. Ten-year interest rate swap futures had both a record June and a record second quarter with average daily volumes of 9,500 contracts in June and 4,900 contracts in the second quarter. Finally, the current environment has generated uncertainty further out on the yield curve and average daily volume in our back month Eurodollar contracts are up 21% for the quarter versus the same period last year. Our FX product line also had strong volume in June, the fourth highest monthly volume ever with average daily volume of 702,000 contracts. In addition, CME Group's FX products gained significant traction versus the over-the-counter markets in June and in Q2. Looking beyond product performance to our customers, we can see some moderately favorable trends in the customer segment data from Q1 to Q2. Proprietary buy-side traders have increased from 39% of volume to 41%. Hedge funds increased slightly and accounted for 6% of volume, the first quarter in a year that did not show a decline in hedge fund contribution. Bank proprietary trading activity accounted for 14% of volume, other member activity 22% and non-member activity 17%. This segmentation is for legacy CME CBOT products only. Additionally, we are seeing favorable trends in global customer acquisition with increased trading out of new proprietary accounts in the EMEA region. Taken together, we believe all of these figures underscore that our customer base has remained relatively unchanged even following the impacts of the credit crisis, and that we are seeing increased confidence in overall economic conditions. While we can't predict the timing for complete economic recovery, we do believe that our markets and products continue to demonstrate their value and that further improvements in the economy and financial markets have the potential to generate increased hedging and risk management activity. I'd now like to discuss CME Group's strategic accomplishments this quarter. We are very pleased with the progress of the NYMEX integration and we achieved several key milestones this quarter including combining our New York trading floors and cutting over to the CME Group fee system. In July, we introduced a new SPAN margin regime to create maximum capital efficiencies across our combined suite of products, which has gotten very good customer feedback. In addition, we are starting to see the benefits of some of our cross-selling initiatives and we have seen the beginnings of NYMEX customer participation in legacy CME Group markets. We continue to build out our suite of over-the-counter offerings with the upcoming launch of cleared OTC London Gold Forwards. This product reflects the innovation and customer focus that we strive for in our over-the-counter market and we continue to work with the buy and sell-side to develop new products on CME ClearPort across all asset classes. In addition to these 114 products were launched on CME ClearPort in Q2 bringing the total of new products for the year to 220. We are pleased to see a rapid growth in many of our new product launchings. In Q2, products launched since the acquisition of NYMEX contributed approximately 2% of total CME ClearPort revenues. Most of this revenue came from our innovative Day-Ahead Power contracts, but other product lines including petroleum and natural gas liquids saw a rapid ramp up for new product launches. Innovation in our interest rate products continues to take hold with continued growth coming from users accessing our inter-commodity spread functionality for treasury futures, with volumes increasing from 13,000 ADV in January to 23,000 ADV in June.  Our partnership with BM&F Bovespa is also thriving with north to south order routing volumes of 21,000 contracts per day in June, up from 5,000 contracts per day in March. Both the number of participants trading and the variety of contracts traded are increasing, and we expect these numbers to further increase when the Ibovespa stock index futures contracts are approved for trading by U.S. investors. I will now turn the call over to Terry Duffy, our Executive Chairman to address some of the regulatory issues currently facing the derivatives industry.
Terry Duffy: Thanks, Craig, and good morning and thank you for joining us all today. I'd like to give you a little bit of flavor for what is going on in D.C., and what we can support and what we are concerned with. CME Group proudly supports the Obama administration's efforts to ensure that U.S. financial markets maintain high standards of integrity, safety and soundness for all participants. Specifically, we are in favor of the creation of the systemic risk regulator to work in conjunction with the existing regulatory agencies. And we support the administration's recognition of the distinct regulatory issues, facing the futures industry and the cash equitys industry. CME Group has a 150 year track record of ensuring transparent, equitable and efficient markets to many economic and social political crisis, including the credit crisis of the past year. This fact is a key principle of our value proposition and we maintain this track record through vigilant and thorough market regulation and surveillance. Our market protections at this time include position limits or accountability levels in all non-financial commodity products, including energy and metals, as well as a thorough process for annual review of any hedge funds exemptions issued.  With the current regulatory focus on the role of speculators in determining commodity prices, the word speculation has given a strong negative connotation, in some ways synonymous with the word manipulation. This connotation is undeserved In healthy markets, speculators or non-commercial participants are a critical part of the market and provide essential liquidity to hedgers or commercial participants. Markets require both types of participants and we work hard to raise awareness of this fact.  While the role of speculators in determining energy prices has been fearlessly debated for the past 12 months, extensive empirical evidence indicates that fundamental supply and demands factors along with macroeconomic conditions have been determinative of energy commodities pricing, independent of the positions of various types of market participants.  The evidence and analysis leading to this conclusion are documented in studies by the CFTC and the U.S. Government Accountability Office, as well as studies accounted by independent research firms and in reports published by many of the widely filed analysts covering the energy sector. At a time when it is clear that centralized clearing will bring capital and risk management benefits to market participants. There is a danger that restricting market access to a smaller group of participants and limiting positions will drive business to unregulated or foreign over the counter markets, out of the jurisdiction of US regulators. In that event, the markets driving price discovery for energy products used by U.S. citizens would be many multiples less transparent than they are currently today. Given the options available to market participants, we must carefully consider the impacts that position limits and hedge funds exemptions have on overall market liquidity and the potential for over regulation to raise transaction costs and impair the hedging capabilities of commercial participants; creating outcomes that are at odds with the push to drive more volumes to essentially cleared markets. Hearings are scheduled next week in DC on this topic and the CME Group will participate. CME Group will continue to fully support ongoing efforts to ensure efficient and fair markets. CME has worked extensively in Washington DC for many years and continues to be actively engaged to ensure that critical decisions makers are well informed on the issues that impact our markets. We are confidant that final decisions on this and other matters facing regulators will be based on factual economic analysis and careful consideration of potential unintended consequences rather than political rhetoric. With that being said, I look forward to answering your questions and I'll turn it back to Craig.
Craig Donohue: Thank you, Terry. In summary, the second quarter saw increased economic stability. We continue to manage the business to generate profit through current conditions and to maximize our strategic positioning for the future. This involves an intense focus on expense discipline coupled with investment in our various growth initiatives, particularly the over-the-counter clearing opportunities ahead of us. Following the credit crisis, it was evidenced that existing regulation would be heavily scrutinized and we are now working through that process as Terry described. Many of the proposals put forward have potentially positive impacts for market stability and for CME Group while others of course have potential negative implications. There will be much discussion on all fronts but what truly matter is what legislation and/or regulations actually get adopted. CME Group will continue our ongoing efforts to provide education and awareness on issues related to our industry in Washington, where we enjoy very constructive working relationships with regulators and with our elected representatives. In closing, I would like to underscore that there is widespread recognition in Washington for the important and valuable role that regulated exchanges and clearing houses like CME Group play in facilitating economic growth and financial markets activity. That is an important and valuable foundation for us as we work through these issues in Washington. With that let me turn the call over to Jamie.
Jamie Parisi: Thanks, Craig and good morning everyone. CME Group turned in a sound second quarter financial performance despite the continued challenging economic environment.  Our GAAP results are summarized in the press release. Today I'm going to focus on the details of Q2 on a pro forma basis as if we own NYMEX for all periods considered.  The pro-formas exclude approximately $3 million of CBOT and NYMEX merger-related items on an after tax basis, as well as the impact of earnings on deferred compensation balances. Included in our GAAP results are the impacts related to gains or losses on deferred compensation balances which are driven by quarterly equity market movement. Keep in mind that there is no bottom-line impact as the changes in deferred compensation gains and losses are booked as compensation expense, with an offsetting entry to investment income. We have removed these entries in our non-GAAP pro forma income statements for all periods considered, better reflecting the fact that this is unrelated to our core operation. Now, turning to our pro forma results. During Q2, we generated $648 million in revenue, $405 million of operating income and earnings per share of $3.37. Average daily volumes were down 19% compared to second quarter 2008, but up slightly versus Q1 2009. Continued disciplined expense management resulting in a 4% reduction in expenses contributed to a sequential earnings increasing of $0.17 per diluted share. The overall pro forma rate per contract for all CME Group increased 5% to $0.816 compared with $0.775 in the second quarter 2008, due primarily to a positive products mix shift. The rate per contract decreased 2% from $0.833 in Q1 2009, due mainly to a product mix shift as interest rate volumes increased 14% sequentially, representing 42% of total volume in Q2, compared to 37% in Q1. We also saw a 1% decrease in the non-member volume mix overall with the CME and CBOT at 17% non-member in the second quarter, and NYMEX at approximately 36%.  Turning to our market data revenue of $82 million for the quarter; it was down 5% versus last year and down 4% sequentially. At the end of the second quarter, users subscribed to 407,000 base devices across CME, CBOT and NYMEX, down 18,000 versus Q1 of this year, reflecting the impact of reduced staffing at the larger banks. There is generally a lagged impact on device counts as banks downsize their staffing.  I'll now take a few minutes to review expenses. Total pro forma operating expenses were $243 million for Q2, down 4% sequentially and down 13% versus Q2 last year, as we continued our significant efforts to capture the NYMEX synergies and ring out discretionary expenses where possible.  Starting out with our largest expense, compensation and benefits was down $3 million sequentially to $85 million, due primarily to synergy capture and lower bonus expense. Our combined headcount at the end of Q2 stood at 2,250, down 25 from the prior year period and down 92 versus the prior year.  Our second quarter bonus expense was $8.7 million which is down from our quarterly average run rate in 2008, and down $1 million from the first quarter. We are currently running below the cash earnings target we set for ourselves at the beginning of the year.  Stock-based compensation was $8.2 million in the second quarter, down $500,000 from Q1 of this year. We decide to do move our stock option grant date from mid-June to mid-September to better distribute components of our pay throughout the year and to reduce expenses in the current year.  Non-compensation expenses of $157 million were down $29 million, versus last year, and down $8 million sequentially. The largest contributor to the sequential reduction was $2.9 million reduction in license fees related to reduced CME ClearPort and equity volume. We also reduced our marketing spend by approximately $2.5 million in Q2 compared to Q1, and within the marketing and other line we had a positive $2 million impact due to FX fluctuation.  Lastly, occupancy and building expense was down $2 million sequentially due primarily to lower utilities expense, the closing of the CBOT New Jersey data center and other miscellaneous adjustments. On the synergy front, we realized NYMEX-related expense synergies of $11.4 million in Q2 or approximately $45 million annualized, well on our way to the $60 million of annual expense synergies we had identified at the time of the acquisition. In terms of our expectations for full year expenses based on volumes near current levels, we expect annual pro forma expenses to range from $1.01 billion to $1.02 billion. Giving some further color on expenses going forward, we expect compensation expense in the second half to be similar to the first half with growth oriented hiring and the impact of the Q3 option grant offsetting merger related savings. On non-comp expenses, we expect an increase in the second half of the year due to technology and building related expenses driven by the go-live date of early August for our new data center. In addition, we expect higher travel and marketing costs based on our current plans to continue to promote our business globally. Q2 pro forma operating income was $405 million, down 15% from the second quarter last year. Overall, our revenue was down 14% versus the same quarter a year ago, while expenses dropped by 13%. As a result, we were able maintain a strong pro forma operating margin of 63% consistent with Q2 of 2008 and up from 61% last quarter. In the non-operating expense category, second quarter interest expense and borrowing costs were $33 million and were offset by $8 million of investment income resulting in total non-operating expense of $26 million, down approximately $9 million sequentially. As I mentioned last quarter, part of this variance is due to the one-time interest expense of approximately $5 million related to replacement of our bridge loan during the first quarter. The remainder of the variance is due to a dividend from BM&F Bovespa. We typically received the dividend payments twice a year and the timing and amount varies. As I mentioned earlier, the impact to investment income that would historically have been related to deferred compensation balances has been removed. During the quarter, we paid down approximately $110 million in debt, and as of the end of the quarter we had $3 billion of debt and $545 million of cash and marketable securities. We have $250 million of debt coming due in Q3, which we expect to pay down primarily from cash generated in the quarter. Pro forma net income for Q2 was $224 million and diluted EPS was $3.37. For the quarter, our pro forma effective tax rate was 40.8% in line with our expectations of approximately 41% for the year. Capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $31 million in the second quarter and $66 million year-to-date driven primarily by our data center, software equipment and facilities. We continue to review our 2009 CapEx plans and as a result we are reducing our 2009 CapEx guidance to between $150 million and $160 million for the year. This reduction from our previous guidance is driven by a deferrals from data center spend and of some office construction. So far in July, we are averaging 9.7 million contracts per day. This is fairly similar to the pattern we saw in Q1 and Q2 in terms of the first month of the quarter. In summary, despite the macroeconomic challenges, impacting financial markets and our customers, our strong financial results and expense discipline allow us to continue our focus on growing both the business as well as shareholder value for the long term. As we reminded you last quarter, in order to get to everyone, we would like to limit all of you to one question and one follow-up and then feel free to get back in the queue for an additional question if time permits. With this in mind, we'll now open up the call for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question will come from Mike Carrier with Deutsche Bank.
Mike Carrier - Deutsche Bank: If you look at in your customer base, I guess, when you look at the position limits, what percentage of the customers would have exemptions? I think, probably more importantly, it seems like the regulators are focused on the volatility in the markets and commodities that impact the end consumer. So even though, we all kind of agree on the whole, speculators need to be in the market and that's what makes markets. If we look at what the regulators are trying to do, what are their options going to be? You have position limits. You have margin requirements, which have gone up and that really hasn't had an impact, but from your guidance perspective in all the years that you've been in the market. Is there anything that's changed or that they can do that can control the volatility that doesn't have a huge impact on your business?
Craig Donohue: It's Craig. I'll start and maybe my colleagues will want to add. But I think to begin with it's important to remember that we have already very extensive position limits and position accountability level requirements in all of our commodity and energy markets and we have a very rigorous regime for reviewing those limits and levels as well as for granting exemptions. We actually have a very small number of exemptions that are typically granted for market users and that's a process that we tend to manage on a very kind of active real-time basis. So, unlike other platforms and the over-the-counter market, we already have all of that regulatory infrastructure in place, and so I think the impact on us is likely to be less than it might be elsewhere where they don't already have those kinds of limits and levels and exemption processes in place. In general, it's hard to speculate because we don't yet have a clear point of view from the regulators or from the industry in terms of what may evolve. That's part of the discussion that we are going through right now. But I think it's important to just remember that we have a very strong foundation to build on given the fact that we already have limits and levels and criteria for granting exemption.
Terry Duffy: If I could maybe add a little bit to that, Craig. Mike, one of the things that you mentioned and is very true, Washington is focused on volatility a lot when they talk about excessive speculation. One of the things that we've been working very hard on is to explain to them what volatility will do when you limit the participation in any market whether it's energy or any type of an equity market. When you start to walk them through what a lot of our clients do to provide this liquidity so the commercials and other producers can manage their risk in these products they get it. But you're right, a lot of it has been based on volatility, but they understand the less participants, the increased volatility will go up. And on the margin issue, a lot of our clients are already fully collateralized on our positions, where margin wouldn't even affect those participants; it's the commercials that the margin would have a huge effect on.
Mike Carrier - Deutsche Bank: Just a follow-up on the expenses. Some good color there, I guess just looking out, it seemed like it was better than expected for the quarter. Any other areas where you think there is more opportunity may be not even in the next six months, but over time just given all the consolidation that has taken place. And when you kind of review the expense base where there are other opportunities? And then just on dividend if you could give any size of that on the BM&F side?
Craig Donohue: With regard to the expenses you can rest assured that we look at all of the areas of expense to try to manage that down as best we can. And I believe we've done a very good job. If you look historically, we are a bit different than a lot of other exchanges out there given that we've been through two mergers now and we've gone through two expense synergy exercises. So we've done some deep dives on the expense side across all the major categories. So we will continue to do that going forward. With respect to the BM&F dividend, I want to say it was in the neighborhood of about $4.5 million for the quarter.
Operator: And our next question will come from Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Rich Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: Yeah. I guess, Terry, since you've been so gracious to do the regulatory sort of overview. As you go down there next week, I guess the question is on Tuesday as the hearing starts, what's the biggest misperception? You spend a lot of time I know in the past as well, but what's the biggest misperception you think that the regulators  maybe that's a negative connotation, but what would be your main objective to sort of get through to the people you are going to meet with?
Terry Duffy: Well, Craig is going to do the testimony at the commission next week, but one of the things we'll say we were there yesterday and we are explaining to the regulators and the legislators that people have alternatives to regulated markets, and this administration has called for transparency in all products. And what the commission appears to be doing and what other members of Congress appear to be doing, was taking liquidity from highly regulated entities and pushing it to unregulated entities with some of the actions that they would be taking. So we are clearly walking them through that and they see that if they don't have an answer for the OTC market and other foreign jurisdictions where this business could go. They are doing something that is in complete opposite of what their President has asked them to do, which is to bring transparency to U.S. markets. So, we are clearly walking them through a lot of these different scenarios, and I think one of the biggest misdirects out there also coming out of the commission is this issue on fungibility. When the Chairman is managing fungibility, he is talking about trading platforms not about clearing platforms. And I think the press has kind of got that a little bit backwards also. So I think that is an important thing to note that the Chairman is calling for multiple platforms to be going into clearing houses not from a trade and in a clearing house to be transferred from one clearing house to another.
Rich Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: And wouldn't that be from what I understand the fungibility, just on the OTC side not on the exchange listed?
Craig Donohue : He's referring to OTC, but some are trying to draw the distinction with the futures model that we have today.
Rich Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: Understood. I guess, moving on to expenses. Jamie, you take the guidance that you gave the 1.01 to 1.02, and you subtract what you've done in the first half, and you are coming up with like $520 million in the second half or $260 million average. So I know you sort of hinted at some things that can go up. But that's $260 million or close to it would be much higher than the $243 million you ran at this past quarter. It seems like a pretty good investment in those things, in the back half?
Jamie Parisi: Yes. That's a good point, Rich. We are seeing in the second half of the year increases across several of the categories. In the compensation category, we'll continue to hire people for the growth initiatives and to continue to beep up our regulatory team. On the stock based comp, we do have that grant coming out in later in this year, so that will be a little bit of a pick up. Depreciation is going to increase as we continue to add CapEx and then with the data center that we've been building, we've been investing in that over time and all that investment has been put in work in progress and that data center will now go live in August or at least get lit up in August, and then a depreciation starts to hit there.  We've got a lot of marketing events and what not that are backend loaded in the year, back in the second half. And then if you look in that other line, for example, you had the one-time FX fluctuation that was a favorable impact of $2 million you can't expect that every quarter going forward. And then just generally, going back to the data center as we light that up there's going to be other expenses associated with that, you know, significant utilities, equipment, hardware maintenance, that sort of thing. So a lot of it tied to the growth initiatives that we are undertaking and with the growth of our infrastructure.
Operator: Next we will hear from Daniel Harris with Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: Can you talk a little bit about, and I think you touched on it in your presentation, the depth of the market specifically within the Euro/Dollar business. It certainly seems like its improving and the open interest trends for a new months there, the beginning part of the year, were certainly moving higher. How should we think about that as it impacts your thoughts on volumes there and obviously you are not looking for guidance, but the different types of clients that are coming back into the market that might have been gone before or what they are doing differently now versus what they were throughout 2008?
Rick Redding: Daniel, I think there is couple of things going on. You mention euro/dollar, but if you look at kind of the fifth month contract, kind of the lead month contract, the improvement in the depth of kind of the top of the book, the top five prices, actually the depths increased by about 60%. So you've seen some dramatic changes, and Craig alluded to it earlier. As you've seen the kind of LIBOR/OIS spread come in, people have been able to take a little more risk than they have in the past.  As volatility declines people are willing to put more into the book. We've been talking about this concept of de-risking for over a year now and you can actually see the positive sides of it now in the second quarter.  So, if you look across all the financial products, you can see improvements anywhere from 10% to 75% in the depth of these marketplaces. The other thing that's important to notice is the bid-ask spreads have come in noticeably on the exchange markets here. I think you've scene some comments about the over-the-counter markets about the bid-ask spreads actually widening out dramatically. We've actually see them come in dramatically here at the exchange. So I think you did see the market stabilize in the second quarter and that was a very positive effect on a lot of what our market users were able to execute during that period.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: Then for my follow-up question, the BM&F Bovespa, you talked about 21,000 contracts from North to South in June. Clearly this is something that you guys are focused on in terms of a growth opportunity over the next few years. What are the near-term things that you are looking for in terms of high-frequency traders or algorithmic traders getting more involved with those markets and what are the things that maybe holding them up or that look like they're going to be positively impacting things in the back half? Thanks a lot.
Rick Redding: Well, I mean, obviously that's a big part what we are trying to accomplish is introducing our algorithmic proprietary trading group customer base into the BM&F markets. Just in the last 12 months BM&F has gone from essentially zero direct market access to roughly I think 15% of their average daily volumes are now done through direct market access. Yet approximately 1% of their volume on a daily basis is actually algorithmically driven. I think you saw earlier in our own customer segmentation data that we are closer to roughly 40%. So we think there's a lot of opportunity there as we've seen some of our leading customers get very active in North-to-South order routing and with the implementation of the collocation services in Brazil. Obviously we are hopeful that that's going to expand into more of our customers who will take advantage of those opportunities. So, we are working very actively on joint marketing with BM&F Bovespa to get our customer base involved in their markets. I mentioned as well that I think there is a lot of interest in the Ibovespa stock in next futures contract. The BM&F Bovespa's application for getting access for U.S. investors to that product is pending and we hope nearing completion at the CFTC. So that should be further positive to customer's interest in getting involved.
Jamie Parisi: One other thing if I can add Daniel is actually, late in the second quarter we did introduce some incentive programs, Latin America and South America incentive program to incentivize traders to also reverse that flow and bring flow from south to north as well. So we are working hard to get that volume flow into our markets as well.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We'll go next to Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Terry and Craig I appreciate all the thoughts on the regulatory environment, I know it's a fluid one. Maybe one follow-up for Rick, with all the regulatory discussion, can you just give us some flavor, Rick, both positive and negative on how all of this has affected customer behavior and new customer pipeline and acquisition? Is all this discussion, is it helping or hurting, can you even tell?
Rick Redding:  Well, I mean I think as Craig and Terry both mentioned; it really is hard to tell until you know what the regulation and what some of the thoughts they are thinking. I mean, on the positive side it is forcing people to think about the exchange model and the benefits that we provide in both the transparent marketplace and in clearing and I think some of that is actually being manifested in the better liquidity and the depth of book that we talked about. So on the longer term, I think it's extremely positive focusing people on our businesses model. Again, as I said, until you really know what they are going to focus in on, I think it's hard to tell. I think it's too early to really have a lot of impact on what customers are going to do.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: As a follow-up, I guess for the entire team. As we see this play out and we see potential changes to regulation or not, what are our management's specific goals? What are you hoping to accomplish when all the dust settles?
Rick Redding: Howard, in terms of what, in terms of the regulation and regulatory changes?
Howard Chen: Correct.
Craig Donohue: Just going back to some of the comments that we've all made during the course of the call I mean, obviously, we think that, there actually is a lot of recognition and respect for the sort of model of exchanges and clearing houses. We are trying to make sure that, we can continue to grow the core business as people migrate to more standardized listed markets that are essentially cleared. That's obviously good for the core business. But, I think as you are aware, I mean, we are doing a lot to position ourselves to be more broadly successful than we already are.  In OTC clearing we've got a great foundation for the oil and gas and power contracts that we are clearing to ClearPort, but we are getting very actively involved in interest rate swaps and credit default swaps, agriculture commodity swaps and other products. Expecting that government ultimately will adopt incentives if not requirements for Central counterparty clearing of at least some segment of the over the counter markets. A lot of that remains to be seen, but that's how we are trying to address what we think are some of the larger trends.
John Peschier: Again, just to add to what Craig said, as you can see by the Secretary Geithner remarks of last month or so when he talked about clearing of standardized OTC contracts and using capital incentives to entice that business to come on exchange or be cleared. I mean, that's something that we've been out front for a long time supporting that type of behavior versus having it mandated like some of the Legislators in D.C. are calling for which they believe is a quick solution just to mandate everything to go on exchange from OTC. So, I think the secretary has come out with a plan that makes a lot of sense with capital incentives to go forward on clearing some of these standardized products. 
Operator: And now we'll hear from Niamh Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: I guess, following up from that point in terms of the opportunities from regulatory change, I know Rick has been doing a lot of work with Craig as well as a lot of others; what milestones should we be looking towards here? Do you feel like you've made progress with kind of discussions with key dealers on interest rate swaps clearing, because we think that there should be a good offset with euro/dollar contract there but we have not really seen or heard much momentum from the dealer side towards shifting to central clearing, I dont know what they are doing with the LCH.
Craig Donohue: I think when you look at what's going on in all the other over-the-counter markets, whether it's interest rates or others. As I think people are trying to figure out what the best solution and what the best offsets will be in the marketplace, because what is coming out of this crisis that we've been through is, people really do need to save capital going forward and I think, people as they study what we will be able to offer and what others are able to offer, I think they will see that there's significant capital savings because of the underline product straight here as well. So, I like to call it wherever an exchange has the under like hedge we should have the home court advantage in trying to pick up that business.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: That's helpful, Rick. But help me understand what to look for in terms of progression towards getting the business on board? Do you think that we will have to wait for the regulatory or the increased capital requirements to come through or maybe should we expect something in the next quarter or two in terms of (inaudible), something like that?
Terry Duffy: This is Terry Duffy. I think Rick's answer was a good one, but I also think you have to look at what these regs are going to be. As Craig said in his opening remarks, we don't know what they are ultimately going to look like. Everything has been bantered around Washington a lot. And I think a lot of the bigger dealers need to be careful about how they are going to proceed with their future business until the regs are a little clear. Right now you have the Secretary calling for capital incentives for clearing of OTC standardized products, but at the same time the legislatives have not voted this in yet in a full derivatives package. So I think in order to run their businesses properly, they need to have a little clear view of what the future is going to look like on regulation before they just start to jump from one product line to another or one clearing entity to another.
Craig Donohue: And one other thing I want to add is ClearPort. I mean obviously you've seen tremendous success from ClearPort. That's not being driven by the regulatory process. People are seeing the benefits of putting this into an exchange cleared environment and getting those offsets. So you are seeing us expand that platform into gold and the metals business. You've seen us expand it in the agriculture and you will see us continue to move into other asset classes.
Operator: And we'll move on to Mike Vinciquerra with BMO Capital Markets.
Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning. If I can come back to the CFTC issue on the position limits, I want to make sure we understand what the CFTC is really focused on here. Is it really a question about how and why you grant acceptance to your limits or what is it that they are focused on here in the energy markets? 
Craig Donohue: Mike, I'm afraid it's a little more complicated than that. There is a wide range of issues and it really depends on who you are talking to. I mean, I think in general it just starts with this sort of concern about non-commercial participants in the market and the degree to which at least some people perceive they might be impacting pricing. So for some people it's about access to the market by certain kinds of participants and better understanding. What are they actually doing? Are they speculating? Or are they actually hedging inflation risks and engaging in what I think most of us would view as bona fide portfolio management and trading strategies. For some people it's about whether we have hard limits versus accountability levels. For some people it's about whether the CFTC should have a more active role or whether the exchanges should have the kind of direct and primary responsibility. For some people, it's actually less about the domestic exchanges and more about the lack of reportability for limits on OTC exposures. For some people, it's about the lack of limits or reportability of transactions that happen on, what we call exempt commercial markets here in the U.S. and foreign boards of trade. So there is a wide range of different issues that people are focused on here. I would say the vast majority of this is oriented more towards the platforms and exchanges that are sort of not like CME Group, the designated contract market where we already have these kind of regimes. We are involved in the mix, but I think a lot of the scrutiny and a lot of the concern is on the positions that are being established on platforms and exchanges that are either lacking in limits or lacking in regulation and transparency or reach by the U.S. government.
Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: And as a follow-up to that, this whole process that they are going to have with four meetings over the next 40 days or so, I guess it is. What is your sense for the timing of when they are going to come up with their either recommendation or do they just come out with a few months down the road, a blanket statement about how the markets are going to change or what the exemptions have to be?
Craig Donohue: Well, I mean ultimately, we can't answer that question. That will be for the commission to determine. But, I mean, I would expect that, they'll get through these hearing. They'll get industry input for the balance of this month and through August. And then depending on what that looks like, my guess is they will try to put something forward in sort of the early fall. But we really don't know and probably can't speculate beyond that.
Terry Duffy: Mike, one of the other things, that's important to note is, what they come out with in rule making. What they have the ability to do and what they may need to go to Congress to do. So the timing could be completely two different things. If they come forward with recommendations that have to go through a legislative process, I'm sure, the timing will be a lot different than if it is a simple rule-making process at the CFTC.
Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Some lot of uncertainty kind of, sounds like still remains at this point.
Craig Donohue: Well, I mean, I don't know how fast Congress is going to move on certain issues. But I'd just say, if the CFTC make certain recommendations, they may need congressional approval to go forward. They don't have the ability to do everything by themselves.
Operator: We'll hear from Chris Allen with Pali Capital.
Chris Allen - Pali Capital: Just wanted to follow-up a little bit on over the counter opportunity, particularly in relation to interest rate swap clearing, you guys have been talking about this for a little while now. Just wondering where the platform stands. Is it up to speed in terms of mimicking on how the over-the-counter markets act, or is it just a matter of the DOs waiting for a clear up on the regulatory front before you guys launch it?
Craig Donohue: Well, I mean, I think what you're seeing happen in the interest rate swap in particular is there's a lot of infrastructure that needs to be replicated throughout the industry, whether it's the buy side, the sell-side or the exchange. I mean, to clear them as interest rate swaps is a little more complex than the existing infrastructure at most of the firms. So there is work that has to go on. There is work that is going on. So it is not just tied to the regulatory issues.
Chris Allen - Pali Capital: Any idea in terms of timeframe, in terms of when that work may be accomplished?
Craig Donohue: We haven't given any guidance to this point.
Operator: We will move on to Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington - JPMorgan: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess, one more on OTC clearing. Is it possible for you to either prioritize or rank order the opportunities in OTC clearing, maybe beyond energy? So we've got CDS, where youve got a platform, interest rate seem like the biggest market out there, but FX seems to have the least competition. Is there a way to rank the opportunities for CME in the OTC clearing realm?
Craig Donohue: I mean, there certainly is. I mean, it's more complicated than just looking at the size of the gross national exposures by asset class in OTC markets. But that's certainly is one way to do it. That's typically how we have tried to put some sort of color and perspective on the opportunity, which is to look at, for example, the much larger size of the interest rate swaps market versus the credit default swaps market.  But I think the other thing that we've said, and this is where it becomes very hard to answer your question as each of these sort of segments of the OTC market, not unlike the exchange and listed markets is different. The players are different. The trading dynamics are different. The systemic risk and other issues are different. So what we are trying to do is focus broadly on being a services provider of clearing and risk management services broadly for all OTC products. I mentioned that we have initiatives underway to capitalize on CME ClearPort and extend ourselves from oil, gas and power contracts into interest rates and credit default swaps. We are already clearing agriculture commodity swaps. We are doing a lot of innovation of new products that can be cleared through ClearPort, but the ultimate timing isn't something that you can actually predict very well, and we are trying to be very responsive to customers' interests in terms of what they would like to do with us in terms of clearing.
Operator: Next we'll here from Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital : Just on the interest rate swaps, I guess couple of things I wanted to do get your thoughts around, our discussions with (inaudible), actually there has actually been a lot of discussion on this topic. And I guess two things, one it sounds like we are getting set up for a separate U.S. European clearing solution similar to CDS because of regulatory concerns. And secondly, around the cross-margining opportunities that people seem to think is kind of a [shoving], I guess it sounds like there is some issues around the legal organization of futures versus swaps businesses because swaps businesses are set up overseas, you don't actually get that cross margining and I am wondering if you have a work around on that?
Unidentified Company Representative: Our approach, for the risk offset has been with the over-the-counter products to do two things to help facilitate better capital efficiencies with the over-the-counter and the listed derivatives. One is to pursue an approach where we have a buying financial safeguard package. So we are clearing the over-the-counter products and the listed products under an umbrella guaranteed package in a sense. The other elements that we have pursued is to have a customer protection regime that is for the over-the-counter products basically identical to the customer protection regime that's in place for the futures. The segregation of funds under the CFTC regulation and that is something we are pursuing for the over-the-counter products as well that facilitate better capital efficiencies between the over-the-counter and the listed products. As far as the cross border part of your question we are pursuing setting up our clearing presence in Europe. We are pursuing that initially. The initial product that will be launched there will be the credit clearing facility in conjunction with some of the regulatory moves in Europe. But we intend to extend the European clearing presence to other asset classes or other products that are better serviced from a European point of view. And there is a precedent for cross border ability to get risk offsets. We have now in place our interest rate products with (inaudible) clearing house. So we are open to pursuing other varieties of [risk asset].
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital : Then, Terry, just wanted to follow-up on your answer to Rich's question about the fungibility on the OTC that Gensler talked about, why would that discussion not migrate to the futures platform? I mean what would make those two different, why it could make sense for one and not the other?
Terry Duffy: Well, there is many differences between futures trading and securities trading that we have pointed out historically on fungibility. So my point is, the Chairman is not raising the issue of fungibility on futures style contracts or clearing. What he is pointing out is platforms for trading of OTC contracts should be open to go into a clearinghouse. That's all he is pointing out. But it seems the press has portrayed this as something other than that and I was just trying to clarify that point. No one is raising the issue of fungibility on futures exchanges or the models that CME Group deploys today. So that's the only distinction I was drawing from that. 
Operator: Next we'll hear from Don Fandetti with Citi.
Don Fandetti - Citi: Hi. Most of my questions have been answered, but Rick, just real quickly on the interest rate complex. I was just trying to see if you could provide some context on how you see that recovering, just given the deleveraging and the lack of participants? Could we get back up to sort of peak levels or how do you see that in a bowl scenario?
Rick Redding: I think what really drives those markets is people's rates expectations, and I think you saw in the second quarter. I mean, if you would have asked the question at the beginning of the year, we would have a record interest rate in our products this year given the crisis. I don't think anyone would have believed us, if we said we would have. So, if you're actually seeing the market participants still there are as rates move, as expectations of rates have changed, that drove a lot of volume. So a lot of these people that [saw] a lot of the participants were actually gone from the marketplace. I think, the second quarter proves that those people are still there. And as expectations for rates change, you'll see that behavior. You can actually also see it in kind of the Eurodollar complex where people are looking kind of in the greens where volumes actually up on the year relative to last year, which was a phenomenal year because people are looking out the curve and really starting to think that at some point rates are going to back up here and everyone is going to have to hedge those portfolios. When you think about the treasury complexes, there has been such issuance. The issue is issuance isn't the thing that drives the volumes. It's the fact that so much more inventory is in the marketplace. And as peoples' views on rates change there is a lot more inventory out there for people to hedge. That's what drives those decisions and that's what drives the volume. So, a lot is going on in the rates complex and the thing to think about in the treasury side is the outstanding inventory coming into '09 was about $4 trillion. Most people think we are going to issue $2 trillion of coupon-bearing treasury this year. So there is a pretty fundamental shift in policy. So at some point, as people view rates are going to move, we think that that will be a positive catalyst for the business.
Operator: Next question will come from Dan Fannon with Jefferies.
Dan Fannon - Jefferies: Just a quick question, since the ELX has been launched as a competitor, have you heard any feedback from customers or has there been any value proposition that they've presented that you've heard from people that trade on your platform as well?
Craig Donohue: No, not really. We are still searching for the value proposition that exists on that platform.
Dan Fannon - Jefferies: So, as you think about, other than price there really is no difference, the execution, the speed really hasn't changed or ?
Craig Donohue: What you have seen is the end customers are seeing the fact that the bid/ask spreads are still so much tighter on CME's products and it will ends up costing a lot more money to execute those trades, regardless of what the exchange fees are. So it's all about liquidity at the end of the day. And people still realize that markets are tighter and what we've talked about earlier, the depth of the book here has increased so much. The penetration versus the cash treasury has increased. So I think a lot of people realize that the CME's treasury complex has been a safe haven in all the storm.
Operator: Next we will hear from [Rob Rutschow with CLSA].
Rob Rutschow - CLSA: I wanted to ask you about the data hubs that you operate in outside of the U.S. and if you can remind us how the revenues and expenses for those are accounted for and whether it's been material and what sort of activity you are seeing from outside the U.S.?
Jamie Parisi: Sure, this is Jamie, Rob. First of all, I think that the activity coming through them is pretty substantial. If you look over the past several quarters, we are in the 800,000 or 900,000 contract a day coming through the hub. Any other revenue associate with that is just going to come through our clearing and transaction fees line. And as far as the expenses go, I believe it's coming through the technology and communications lines on the income statement and it's not very expensive to run these hubs. On a regular basis, I'd say they are somewhere in the neighborhood of $500,000 to $1 million per year per hub. So it's not a large commitment relative to the volumes coming through.
Rob Rutschow - CLSA: The second question I had, wanted to ask again on the regulatory or on the position limits. If you can give us an idea of what percentage of your open interest is attributable to customers that have exemptions? And if you can't answer that, was hoping that then may be you could give us an idea of how much of your volume the ETF represent as a percentage of total for some of these commodity contracts?
Craig Donohue: Rob, it's Craig, I think it's probably a little difficult to get into that here especially just given that that would be highly variable across the very many products that we trade. So you'll have to probably look for some of our testimony and other public information for us to give you that. But I mean in general to give you some color I would say that obviously the vast majority of participants in our market are commercial participants and other liquidity providers and market makers. These markets are not overwhelmed by ETF managers, particularly not in the sort of average daily volume terms. We have people who are long-term holders who are rolling positions forward. They might have a higher degree of kind of open interest but pricing isn't really determined by open interest as much as by the trading activity in the market and they are not that significant a part of that.
Operator: And we'll hear next from Justin Schack with Rosenblatt Securities.
Justin Schack - Rosenblatt Securities: You guys obviously have addressed the ELX competitive threat. I wonder if you might just provide some general comments on how you view NYSE Euronext as a competitor over the long term? Clearly either a long way away, but they're doing some interesting things with respect to joint venture with DTCC and that seems to be a unique approach to competing with CME that others have not yet attempted. And I just wonder if you can provide some thoughts there.
Craig Donohue: Well, I mean, I think in general, I mean, we're certainly always regarded NYSE Euronext as a sort of formidable competitor and one that certainly has expressed a strong interest in becoming a confident player in the U.S. markets listed Futures and Options markets. As you know, they don't have very much current activity there and their success has primarily been sort of a legacy success in the European market, particularly in the short-term interest rate area. So we regard them as a competitor and assume that they'll continue to look for ways to build their business. I think we like to pride ourselves on our ability to innovate and bring new products and services to market that meet customers' needs. I'd like to think that we have very deep and substantial expertise leading technology and clearing services capabilities. So we are well positioned to compete with just about anybody in the market, but they certainly will be active in competing with us.
Justin Schack - Rosenblatt Securities: Well, particularly and just like this is a quick follow-up with respect to the U.S. futures business. I should have mentioned that that was where my question was really directed. Particularly on the capital efficiency side, where this new joint venture is going to be offering some capital efficiencies, the kind which Rick referred to earlier as a home field advantage. Would you say that that even though they don't control the trading of the cash products, clearinghouse will be offering some capital efficiencies there? Could you consider that a similar type of home field advantage and what if anything can you guys do to respond or do you think you even need to respond at this stage?
Craig Donohue: I guess, what I would say is that I think the value proposition of what we offer is multidimensional. I think that capital efficiencies while they can be valuable in and of themselves are not determinative. You have to have liquidity. You have to have trade flow. You have to have great technology. You have to have robust clearing and capital, and performance bond efficiencies can be a useful part of that overall equation. But there is a lot of things, I mentioned there is quite a bit more in terms of what I think ultimately makes the difference. And I should point out that I think we've been a leading player in not only providing capital and margin efficiencies as a result of our clearing processing arrangements and mergers and acquisitions, but we've probably had more cross-margining arrangements between and among large clearing houses than any other exchange in the world not just domestically, but globally and including FICC. So we're pretty well positioned from that perspective.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Donohue, I will turn things back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Craig Donohue: Thank you very much for spending time with us, and we look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Peschier  Managing Director, IR Craig Donohue  CEO Jamie Parisi  CFO and Managing Director Richard Redding  Managing Director, Products and Services
Analysts: Roger Freeman  Barclays Capital Rich Repetto  Sandler O'Neill Niamh Alexander  KBW Financial Mike Vinciquerra  BMO Capital Markets Ken Worthington  J.P. Morgan Howard Chen  Credit Suisse Chris Allen  Pali Capital Donald Fandetti  Citigroup Edward Ditmire  Fox-Pitt, Kelton
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the CME Groups first quarter 2009 earnings call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Peschier. Please go ahead sir.
John Peschier: Thank you and thank you all for joining us. Craig Donohue, our CEO, and Jamie Parisi, our CFO, will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the first quarter, and then we will open up the call for your questions. Also joining us for participation in the Q&A session are Sir Richard Redding, our Head of Products and Services, Phupinder Gill, our President, and Terry Duffy, our Executive Chairman. Before they begin, I will read the safe harbor language. Statements made on this call, and in the accompanying slides on our Web site, that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K, which is available in the Investor Relations section of the Web site. During this call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP pro forma results. A reconciliation is available in our press release, and there is an accompanying file on the investor relations portion of our Web site that provides detailed quarterly information on a GAAP and pro forma basis. With that I would like to turn the call over to Craig.
Craig Donohue: Thank you John and thank you for joining us this morning. I am going to spend some time addressing our first quarter highlights and then turn the call over to Jamie for a more detailed discussion of first-quarter financial results. Against ongoing macroeconomic challenges, I am pleased to report another highly profitable quarter. On a pro forma basis, we achieved revenues of $647 million and operating income of $395 million. Earnings per share were $3.20 for the first quarter, and operating margin of 61% reflects the strong leverage inherent in our business model. A tight focus on expense management allowed us to keep pro forma operating expenses to $252 million, a reduction of 9% from the first quarter of 2008 and 2% from the fourth quarter. Since the beginning of the financial crisis, our message has been that while we cant control the macroeconomic environment, we are well positioned to leverage opportunities highlighted by current market conditions. We believe that first quarter results reinforce the diversity and resiliency of the CME Group business model, which continues to generate significant cash flow throughout a variety of economic conditions. Currently, overall market conditions remain tentative and uncertain, but we do see indications of improvement, which I would like to discuss. On a macroeconomic level, we have seen improvements in investment grade corporate debt issuance from the $73 billion in the fourth quarter of 2008 to $200 billion in the first quarter 2009, approximately equal to first quarter last year. Fixed mortgage rates are near historic lows and are expected to drive increased mortgage origination and refinancing activity. The LIBOR-OIS spread was largely constant over the first quarter, indicating increasing stability in credit markets. All of these factors are positive indicators of the capital markets return to more normal functioning. As general markets stabilize and holders of capital seek to deploy it in the corporate and mortgage debt markets, their need to manage interest rate and foreign exchange risks drives potential usage of CME Group products. Another positive factor for CME Group volumes is the increased treasury issuance. It is difficult to predict volumes based on a single factor, but with 2009 issuance projected to be $2 trillion, we expect to see increased demand for CME Groups treasury futures and options contracts as tools for hedging treasury holdings. The longer term duration of treasuries also means that risk related to Treasury holdings needs to be managed over the life of the instrument and thus creates multiplier effect driving demand for CME Group products. Moving into the specifics of our first quarter performance, as I mentioned previously, while there are no indications of improvement in the overall market, we cant predict the timing or impact on our volumes. The volume environment remains challenging. First quarter volume was down 33% versus a very difficult comparable of record high volume in the first quarter 2008. However, with the diversity of our asset classes, we did have some areas of strong performance in the first quarter. CME ClearPort achieved a record in both average cleared volume per day and in average revenue per day. Average daily volume for the quarter was 629,000 contracts, up 33% from last year, and average revenue per day was $1.1 million, up 24%. Crude and petroleum products continued to show robust growth, with crude revenue increasing 55% year-over-year to $16 million for the quarter, and petroleum more than tripling to $10 million for the quarter. These growth trends are a continuation of what we saw over the past several quarters, and indicate the increased traction of central counterparty clearing in the over-the-counter markets. The E-mini complex also performed well. Normalized to exclude the Russell volume, E-minis were up 2% year-over-year, with the E-mini S&P 500 futures contract up 8%. This solid performance highlights the value of CME Groups deep liquidity during times of high volatility. Interest rate volume continues to be impacted by the challenging economy. However, within interest rates there are some trends that are worth highlighting that underscore larger trends in the markets. Volume in the back month euro dollar contracts and the ten-year treasury notes is rebounding at a faster rate than front month contracts, indicating that uncertainty further out on the yield curve is driving activity, as would be expected given current Fed monetary policy. Forecasts expect the threat of inflation to eventually steepen the yield curve, which potentially has positive implications for interest rate volume. We also are pleased with the growth in our five year swap futures contracts, which have nearly doubled in volume to over 5,000 contracts per day since the first quarter of last year. These contracts provide users with an exchange-traded product that references OTC swap rates, and are one of many innovative products that we are developing to meet the growing needs of market participants for the safety and security of central counterparty clearing in conjunction with products that retain key characteristics of OTC markets. Finally, in March, approximately 8,000 contracts per day were traded using the recently launched inter commodity spread functionality, up 31% from January volume. We have gotten excellent feedback from customers on this functionality and it is a key part of our mission to continually explore ways to extend our products and technology to enhance our customers ability to effectively trade. As we have been doing for the past few quarters, I would like to now provide customer segment data. Please keep in mind that segment information provided is for combined, legacy CME and CBOT products. Bank propriety trading activity was largely in line with 2008 percentages. Hedge fund activity was down from 8% in the fourth quarter to 6% in the first quarter. Offsetting this decline however was a significant increase in buy side proprietary trading firm activity, which increased from 34% in the fourth quarter to 39% of the total.  Non-member activity was 18% for the first quarter, in line with historical trends, but down from 20% in an unusually high fourth quarter. The remainder of the activity falls into the other member category, which is largely composed of smaller member firms and individual traders. We continue to believe, based on volume trends detailed here, ongoing discussions with broad segments of our customer base, and historical precedent, that the current environment reflects a cyclical downturn and not a secular shift in the markets needs for our products. If anything, the value of the centrally cleared exchange model in managing risk has been strongly underscored and this has opened new opportunities for us on multiple fronts. We continue to pursue these opportunities actively. In general, we seek to meet our customers needs for innovative products in three different ways, through innovation and extension of our traditional exchange-traded derivatives, through hybrid products that combine aspects of traditional CME products and OTC products, and through clearing-only services for pure OTC transactions. We also seek to increase our global customer base by introducing geographically relevant products and fostering strategic partnerships in key markets. In terms of exchange-traded products, we are gaining traction with multiple new products, including our three year treasury note futures contract and E-mini FX contracts. These contracts were launched in March and have respectively achieved average daily volume of 2,900 contracts and 5,300 contracts since launch. Additionally, in our equity complex, the E-mini MSCI EAFE nearly doubled in volume to 2,800 contracts per day from first quarter 2008, and the E-mini MSCI Emerging Markets contract nearly tripled to 1,100 contracts per day during that timeframe. On the partnership front, we are pleased with progress made on our BM&F Bovespa, order routing relationship, which showed March average daily volume of approximately 5,000 contracts per day for North-to-South order routing. We are currently awaiting regulatory approval for North-to-South trading of the iBovespa index contract, which we believe has strong interest from the US trading community. We continue to work very aggressively and make progress in discussions with participants for our cleared CDS platform, CMDX, and our cleared interest rate swap offering. We expect to have more detailed announcements on these and other OTC initiatives later in the quarter. In summary, we at CME remain very focused on managing the business with the flexibility to meet the challenges posed by the current operating environment while continuing to move forward to seize many opportunities that we see in the marketplace. We are very realistic about the many factors that need to improve in the capital markets before the crisis can be determined to be over. At the same time, we are confident that todays conditions represent a cyclical downturn and that CME is poised to benefit from the ensuing upturn. With that, let me turn the call over to Jamie.
Jamie Parisi: Thanks Craig. CME Group turned in a solid first-quarter financial performance, despite the ongoing challenges of the current economic environment. Our GAAP results are summarized in the press release. And today, Im going to focus on the details of Q1 on a pro forma basis, as if we owned NYMEX for all periods considered. The pro-formas also exclude approximately $13 million of CBOT and NYMEX merger-related items on an after tax basis. During Q1, we generated $647 million in revenue, $395 million of operating income, and earnings per share of $3.20. Average daily volumes were down 33% compared to our record 2008 first quarter, but in line with average daily volume in Q4. However, continued disciplined expense management helped offset this volume decline. The overall pro forma rate per contract for all of CME Group increased 12% to $0.833, compared with $0.743 in the first quarter 2008, due primarily to a positive mix shift. The rate per contract decreased 3% from $0.858 in Q4 2008, due mainly to a higher proportion of lower-priced member volume in the first quarter, and to a lesser extent, a product mix shift. Last quarter, we mentioned that higher paying non-members increased from 18% of total in the third quarter to 20% in the fourth quarter. In Q1, the non-member total reverted back to 18%. If you zero in on interest rates, youll see our average rate of $0.53 in Q1 is down from $0.57 in Q4, but up from $0.52 in Q3, while the E-mini rate in Q1 is exactly the same as the third quarter. As Craig alluded to, the algorithmic traders, who appeared to pause in the fourth quarter, played a more significant role in the volume during the first quarter. In addition, the CME ClearPort rate dropped from $2.10 in Q4 to $1.75 in Q1 due to increased volume in the new lower rate PJM products, which represented approximately 19% of volume in Q1, up from 3% in Q4. In an attempt to provide excellent transparency into our OTC business, we provided an update in our last few volume releases on these low priced contracts, which average approximately $0.10 per round turn. Total revenue from CME ClearPort increased to an average of $1.1 million per day in the first quarter, which was the best quarter in its history. Slide 9 shows the breakdown of our growth by product area within CME ClearPort. Quotation data fees totaled $86 million for the quarter, up 3% from Q1 of 2008, but down 2% sequentially. At the end of the first quarter, users subscribed to 425,000 base devices across CME, CBOT, and NYMEX. That device count is down 8,000 since the beginning of the year. I will now take a few minutes to review expenses. Total pro forma operating expenses were $252 million for Q1, down 2% sequentially and down 9% versus Q1 last year. We made a significant effort to reduce discretionary expenses, and you can certainly see the results in the numbers today. Our reductions include lower travel, training, and trade show costs, along with negotiated decreases in rates charged by several vendors and consultants. On the compensation side, we have delayed our normal salary increases, and we are only hiring in critical areas. Our largest expense, compensation and benefits, was up $3 million sequentially to $87 million, below the guidance we provided last quarter. Our combined headcount at the end of Q1 stood at approximately 2,275 people, down approximately 25 since year end. We had reductions of 35 transitional employees related to our NYMEX and CBOT transactions. We did supplement our team with several key new hires during the quarter within sales, product development, and business development areas in support of our long-term strategic initiatives and expanding global reach. These positions are primarily geared toward revenue generation. Also, within comp and benefits expense, we incurred an expense reduction of $1.3 million due to losses on deferred compensation balances. This item is driven by quarterly equity returns, and in Q1 the S&P 500 was down 12%. Keep in mind that there is no impact on our bottom line as there is an offsetting entry made in investment income. In Q4, there was a higher deferred comp reduction in salaries and benefits of $3.7 million, as the S&P dropped about 22% during that quarter. So, as I said earlier, total compensation expense increased $3 million from Q4 to Q1, of which $2.4 million is related to deferred compensation. If the equity markets post a gain in Q2, we would expect to see an increase in deferred compensation from Q1 to Q2. Our first quarter bonus expense was $9.7 million, which is down from our quarterly average run rate in 2008. We are currently running below our aggressive cash earnings target set at the beginning of the year. Stock based compensation was $8.7 million in the first quarter, consistent with Q4 of last year. Keep in mind our normal annual stock option grant comes in the month of June, so we would expect this expense to trend up a few million dollars through the end of the year. Non-compensation expenses were down $20 million versus Q1 last year and down $10 million sequentially. Depreciation was down $3.4 million sequentially, due to equipment that was decommissioned during the CBOT integration, other assets becoming fully depreciated and fairly low Capex during Q1. Marketing and other expense was down compared to Q4, primarily due to currency fluctuations, legal settlements and lower travel, training, and other employee related expenses. We do continue to spend judiciously on potential growth initiatives. For example, during the first quarter we had CDS related expense of $2.2 million in professional fees, up from $1.0 million in Q408. We realized NYMEX-related expense synergies of $7.4 million in Q1, or approximately $30 million annualized, about half way to the annual expense synergies we had identified. On the CBOT side, our integration work is complete and we have exceeded the $150 million expense synergy target. In terms of our expectations for full-year expenses, based on volumes near current levels, we are updating our guidance and we would expect pro forma expenses to be down 2% to 4% for 2009 compared to the full-year 2008 expenses of $1.08 billion. Q1 pro forma operating income was $395 million, down 27% from the record first-quarter last year. Although revenues decreased, our focused efforts to reduce expenses helped the company maintain a solid pro forma operating margin of 61% compared to a record 66% in Q1 last year. In the non-operating expense category, interest expense and borrowing costs were $39 million, and drove total non-operating expense of $36 million. As I guided to last quarter, we recognized additional one-time interest expense of approximately $5 million related to the replacement of our bridge loan in February. This one-time expense reduced earnings per share by $0.04 this quarter. On February 9, we completed a public debt offering of $750 million of 5.75% fixed rate notes due in 2014, and terminated our bridge facility. During the quarter, we paid down approximately $115 million in debt. We currently have $3.1 billion of debt, and $588 million of cash and marketable securities. We plan to pay the debt down as it comes due, which means we will be paying the lower coupon debt first. For modeling purposes, we would expect the blended interest rate to trend from 4.5% to 5% during the next few quarters, and to approximate 5% for 2010. So, as time progresses, overall interest expense should decrease while our average rate paid will increase. Pro forma net income for Q1 was $213 million and diluted EPS was $3.20. For the quarter, our pro forma effective tax rate was 40.9% in line with our expectations of approximately 41% throughout the year. Capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $35 million in the first quarter driven primarily by data centers, software, equipment, and facilities costs. We have completed a thorough review of our 2009 plans for Capex, and we expect to spend between $160 million and $180 million this year. The reduction from our previous guidance is driven by a planned delay of Phase II of the data center construction, and a temporary deferral of construction for employee space. Now turning to recent volumes, much has been written about the decrease in volume in April, compared to Q1 or to March. Right now April ADV is down 14% versus the first quarter of 09. Last year the April full month ADV was down 23% compared to Q108, and April of 2007 ADV was down 22%. Historically, the second half of April has trended higher than the first half of April. In the first half of April 09, we averaged 8.6 million contracts per day. So far in the second half, we are at 9.5 million contracts. While we are far from being in a normal economic environment, it is fair to say that April 2009 volume to date is not highly unusual on a relative basis from our perspective. In summary, despite the macroeconomic challenges impacting financial markets and our customers, our strong financial results allow us to continue our focus on growing both the business as well as shareholder value for the long-term, while keeping a sharp eye on expenses. Before we open up the call up for questions, I just wanted to note that last quarter we averaged over four questions per analyst. This quarter we would like to limit everyone to one question and one follow-up, and then feel free to get in the queue for an additional question if time permits. With this in mind, well now open up the call for your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And we will take our first question from Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman  Barclays Capital: Hi good morning. Okay I guess question number one, as everybody likes to talk about CDS I will ask mine, what do you think about an opportunity to create an E-mini version of a CDX index product, a smaller notion, but the problem with CDX is the average trade size is $15 million to $20 million that doesn't apply to a lot of smaller institutions or professional traders of retail, and that is something that you can do to take advantage of your trading platform wouldn't require dealer support since you don't have any, what do you think about that?
Craig Donohue: You know Roger I think  it is Craig, my thought on that this is that your credit default swaps primarily at the moment is a largely institutional market and what we're trying to do is try to work with the institutional customers and the dealers in that market to essentially facilitate central counterparty clearing of contracts as they're currently structured with some degree of standardization, but not with a view towards trying to transform their market into a market that would have a broader base of participants, at least not for the moment.
Robert Freeman  Barclays Capital: Okay that is helpful thanks. And then my second question I guess around the interest rate volume's, there is some interesting stats you saw around April, I guess one  so you know you talked in the past about so there being a correlation between issuance, volume, and trading sort of hedging volume in the interest-rate futures and we know that, you know mortgage rate volume's are picking up treasury issuance as you point out is picking up. One of the things we are hearing is that maybe there is some traders are setting out on the treasury side because it concerns about the government about to FED, you know actually buying $300 billion worth of that issuance back in and how that might impact markets and basically wherever government is interfering, private market is we are seeing in many aspects just as part of sitting out do you think there is an impact there?
Craig Donohue: Roger I think if you look at kind of the open interest in the ten-year treasure you note, you can see some of the impacts we think at least talking to some banks and some customers of the refine business, so I think you are spot on there looking at that activity. You know I think that any market that you know when the rules of the game change people do tend to take a step back and figure out what the new equilibrium is, you know with that said I think if you look at what's been happening in the fixed income market from the last couple of days is, you know kind of regardless of what some of the policies are and the market is going to take a viewpoint of what rates are and you know that is actually going to be pretty constructive for our volume's going forward because really what drives trading in the interest-rate complex are people's changing expectations or where rates are going. So that's going to be the real catalyst to bring that market back in growing back to kind of normal pace.
Robert Freeman  Barclays Capital: Okay thanks.
Operator: Next we will go to Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Rich Repetto  Sandler O'Neill: Yes good morning guys.
Craig Donohue: Hi Rich.
Rich Repetto  Sandler O'Neill: I guess a follow up on the volume question, Craig and Rich you talked about a lot of the positive things. April is off to a slow start and if you look at open interest here, you know about the same as we where at the beginning of the first quarter and so, it's sort of says to me that it might be algorithmic trade of the turnover being less, can you talk about the pause in the fourth quarter and how they came back? Are we seeing a pause with them again here in April?
Craig Donohue: You know Rich I think a lot of, you know looking at that open interest trend I think what you're just seeing from the increased participation in the algorithmic guys is, again those guys don't put on a lot of open interest in general, so as the market starts to move now, I mean I think that'll actually encouraged them to come in a bigger way. So it is not unlikely that you don't see the volumes increase before you see open interest increase. You know, one thing to be careful onto its looking at open interest in the interest-rate quadrant is, you know make sure that you're looking at future as an option separately because that is a lot going underneath the surface there.
Rich Repetto  Sandler O'Neill: Yes that is a fair point. I looked at the open interest as actually a good thing that you are still  there hasn't been any deterioration, you are still at the same levels as early 1Q, but the volumes again the turnover had liked. Anyway that is what I was asking about. The next thing, you know I am not sure whether this was asked, I had to jump off quickly, but on the OTC market, I did hear Rogers question and it seems like as we go into possibly the bigger opportunity be in interest-rate swaps, it is a little bit similar and that the dealers, you know has concentration in it and they have, you know an offering that they are at least using right now and I guess Craig just to go over the strategy and what you see as your potential to crack that or is it strong, if the dealer sort of consortium and swap clear?
Craig Donohue: Well I mean I think it is fair to say that in all of these OTC markets, you know the dealer community is a very substantial part of the trading activities that happens there, you know I would point out a couple of things I mean first of all, you know we already have I think the largest and fastest-growing OTC clearing business, which is ClearPort as you know that is a $250 million year business for us that is growing at 70% and it is rapidly diversifying in terms of the breadth of products that we are facilitating through ClearPort. Secondly, I think that, you know I just have to remind everybody this is very early, early stages and what I think will be a long-term secular shift in the way that business has done in the over-the-counter market, I do think that central counterparty clearing services will be very complementary to the business models and profit drivers for the dealer community and you know you can't get too carried away with the idea that the dealers are already participating in a particular service. I mean well I think I should be commended for the progress that they have made, you have to remember that only three-tenths of 1% of the total growth outstanding in the CDS market has actually been migrated to ICE Trust, so there is a long marathon in front of us in terms of that and I think CME clearing is exceptionally well-positioned to be a participant in that given the strength of ClearPort and given the strength of CME clearing generally.
Rich Repetto  Sandler O'Neill: Understood. And then a very last just a quick question on the balance sheet and I may have missed this last quarter, but you are, Jamie the cash and performance bonds they spiked up at the end of the year and they came back to $9.8 billion in the first quarter, any explanation there? I may have missed it last quarter.
Richard Redding: Yes, this is Rich. In the fourth quarter last year we have gone through the economic crisis, it is just with the indication that are participants in the clearing house were very comfortable putting cash up with a clearing out they are looking for someplace to put that cash though as safe and sound, it shows CME clearing out. And as market starts to calm down you'll see that that will begin to change and they will start to invest more in treasuries and post those with a clearing announcement.
Rich Repetto  Sandler O'Neill: And there is relatively no impact on your economics because most of the interest is paid to them on those deposits right?
Richard Redding: We are in interest on the cash deposit, but you know the interest that we earn is very minimal.
Rich Repetto  Sandler O'Neill: Okay thanks guys, thanks for taking my question.
Richard Redding: Thanks Rich.
Operator: The following question comes from Niamh Alexander with KBW Financial.
Niamh Alexander  KBW Financial: Hi thanks for taking my question, good morning. I just wondered on to part space, the volume there has been so, so strong and April has come off a little bit, and then I watch (inaudible) about the new products that you have rolled out more recently as this kind of too early to get a read on some activity there?
Richard Redding: Niamh, the ClearPort volumes as you pointed out has been extremely strong. What you are seeing in the marketplace on ClearPort is also what you are seeing in the market for the listed products as well, the first couple of weeks of April was pass over and Easter have been slow pretty much anywhere you look. I think the ClearPort volumes where the biggest decline has happened in the first couple of weeks has been in natural gas, primarily driven by two factors, one is the market has been kind of stuck in a range a little bit here and the option volume as well. So as we transition out of the kind of these older months now into the summer season, you typically tend to see a pickup in natural gas, but some of that has to do with kind of the price action in that market as well.
Niamh Alexander  KBW Financial: Okay, thanks Rick. And I guess just on the ClearPort as well, can you expand a little bit on maybe some of the opportunities in the electricity market, I think there is some regulatory change happening, how about CME benefit there?
Richard Redding: Yes, thanks for pointing that out. I mean weve clearly been very successful with the PJM contracts that we've launched and thats given us really an exiting platform to move into some of the other related areas, obviously some announcements that came out late last week about the California ISO was going to start using  some of our prices has been hugely popular. One of the announcements weve recently put out is that we will put the PJM products on Globex as well which is pretty exciting news for us to try to help mature that market. So we do see a lot of opportunity, we also  there is a number of regulatory things going on throughout the country. Texas is trying to figure out what they are going to do as well, so this is a field thats pretty open and we look forward to coming out with some new products.
Niamh Alexander  KBW Financial: Okay, thanks. If you could help me maybe just put aside it, like that is the lower fee contract just in terms of like ClearPorts total and business mix maybe where is it now and where you think it might get to (inaudible)?
Craig Donohue:
 :
Jamie Parisi: Niamh, this is Jamie. If you look on slide nine, there is a breakdown of some of the ClearPort revenues you can see on there and then PJM was  I want to say about 122,000 ADV in the quarter of the total 629 for ClearPort.
Niamh Alexander  KBW Financial: Okay, thats helpful. Thanks, Jamie. And then just if I could fix to volume but move over to futures contracts, the equity futures contract which has been so strong, you know where the rate complex has come off quite a lot, we are seeing that a slow and then maybe arguably unusually saw recently, I'm just wondering if you are seeing any trends if it's maybe related to volatility kind of easing a little bit or is it something towards a mix shift in customers.
Craig Donohue: I think some of it has to do with what's going on in the underlying market as some people are very, very focused on single name risk right the second. I think to be careful on how you look at the equity market going forward here because liquidity is still key  something we look at is depth of what we've seen rebound from kind of December is we are seeing the depth of book increase more than two and a half times. So what we're starting to see is people starting to take a little more risk there, obviously debt to book doesn't get us volume but it does give you some general indication that people are returning to the market and willing to commit risk. And one of the things that has been troubling to us and we've have constantly said is, volatility has been so high in some of these markets. We are actually encouraged to see it coming down because you will see the depth of the market and people taking a little more risk increase, you will also start to see people  coming back to the options. So people are talking about volatility in that market, but there is still extremely high levels from historical perspective. So people got excited when volatility  when mix got into the mid-30s the other day and then in spite rate backup. So I think putting it in for some historical perspective is important.
Niamh Alexander  KBW Financial: Okay, thats fair enough. Thanks, Craig. And then just lastly if I may, the balance sheet  thanks for the color Jamie on the repaying the debt, but you still have quite a lot of cash, your stocks  its rather stable here. Should we still think its the priority use of cash is kind of repaying debt or maybe even repaying debt ahead of schedule or is there any room for share purchases there in the next six, nine months?
Craig Donohue: I would say for now our focus is definitely on debt reduction.
Niamh Alexander  KBW Financial: Okay, thats great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Craig Donohue: Thank you.
Operator: Next we will go to Mike Vinciquerra with BMO Capital Markets.
Mike Vinciquerra  BMO Capital Markets: Thanks very much. One more question for Sir Richard if I may. Just on the interest rate, I'm just curious Rick why you guys have never really had a mortgage product, it seems like a natural add on  I used to cover the mortgage companies, they will hedge (inaudible) production even their servicing portfolio is using treasury futures and it just seems like its a natural product for you guys give a new customer base. Can you talk about that a little bit?
Richard Redding: Yes, believe it or not, we started in the interest-rate business way back win with the Jimmy Mary [ph] contract, going back a long number of years ago  in the early 80s actually. So, yes, probably the mortgage side has always been what the underlying is and some issues about deliverable supply, most people as you pointed out Mike have huge treasuries to hedge that exposure. In normal times, that's been a pretty good hedge. I think towards the end of 08, obviously people had some issues there, but in a more normal functioning market its been a pretty tight correlation, it's been a pretty hedge for both.
Mike Vinciquerra  BMO Capital Markets: So at this point you don't think there is actually a need or do you think that the current market conditions are kind of creating that sense for people that there is a need for better corollary product.
Craig Donohue: Its an area we look at all the time, that's one from kind of a regulated futures contract, a pretty difficult one to structure the product to make sure that it doesn't have some issues like settlement.
Mike Vinciquerra  BMO Capital Markets: Okay, very good. And then just one question for Jamie, you mentioned that data screens down about 8000 from the end of the year, has that been accelerating at all or should we continue to expect some moderation in the numbers of subscribers?
Jamie Parisi: It's tough to say. I think you will continue to see a somewhat  some moderation as the crisis plays out over time in the way of (inaudible) flows through, but I think we're  it hasn't been a dramatic drop off as I would have anticipated at the beginning of the crisis.
Mike Vinciquerra  BMO Capital Markets: Great, okay, thank you guys.
Operator: Now, we move on to Ken Worthington with J.P. Morgan.
Ken Worthington  J.P. Morgan: Hi, good morning. On page six of the slide deck, you show there is a high correlation between treasury expense and futures trading volume, it seems like there is a big opportunity. But when I dig into it, treasury issuance doubled in November 08 and ramped to get in February bringing the treasury issuance run rate to the J.P. Morgan economist think is  will be maintained for the rest of 09. We haven't seen either open interest of volume increase and it's been six months, and actually if my data is correct both are down materially since the issuance started to ramp. So I was hoping you could flush out that side a little more, it seems like there is a big opportunity  I cant get things to line up  was wondering if you could offer some help.
Craig Donohue: Yes, I think you need to be a little careful on how you look at that. It's not the fact that issuance is out there that really generates the volume, it's the fact that the people hold that exposure and as rates move, people have to adjust that exposure. I think what you are seeing now is a lot of issuance and not people  people not expecting a whole lot of changes in rates, so I think as  if you look at that from a historical perspective, it's really a second piece of it that drives volumes and a good part of that is once that exposure gets out there, if you get back to the rate environment that moves or yield curve that moves around a bit, that's probably pretty positive for us and that's why that correlation is so high.
Ken Worthington  J.P. Morgan: So, I think about  issuance is sort of the opportunity, but expectations for rate changes is kind of the catalyst, so the fact that issuance has gone up is a really good thing, we just need that fall through with the rate and then we start to see big pick up in volume that kind of it.
Craig Donohue: Yes, correct because it really is a timing issue of when you see those volumes kick in and as you get the multi-year exposures at the treasuries put out there I mean you give us a lot of opportunity for people to change their mind or peoples views on inflation to change and that gives us a lot of opportunity for volume.
Ken Worthington  J.P. Morgan: Okay and then based on history is there a common lag like six months lag, nine months lag, 12 months lag anything that you guys have noticed as you guys have analyzed the data?
Jamie Parisi: That is a lot more variable than one would expect. A lot of it has to do with again changes and right to anticipate changes right. The other issue is, on this is weve just never seen issuance at this kind of level before, so we are in a little bit and uncharted territory.
Ken Worthington  J.P. Morgan: All right thank you. And then on ClearPort great success here, launched a lot of new products, does that pace continue into 2Q in 3Q? That's it thank you.
Jamie Parisi: We have a pretty full place right now of what we think we can launch, I mean the environment has created our customers the banks, the interdealer brokers of giving us all sorts of ideas of what people want to trade, I mean especially in the energy area and the commodity area this has been a place where, you know it's the way to keep those markets functioned, keep those markets trading. So really to be perfectly candid, you know it is more of an issue of which products do we get out given the market opportunity because we head there are just ideas coming in every day.
Ken Worthington  J.P. Morgan: Great thank you.
Operator: Next we will go to Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: Good morning everyone.
Jamie Parisi: Hi Howard.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: Firstly I want to touch on the OTC market from a different angle, new administration and Congress have made some pretty broad statements about producing systemic risk and more highly regulating derivatives market I guess Craig or Terry from your perspective can be discuss how you envision progress along the Washington DC front, how that timing potentially place on your mind and some of the positives and negatives?
Terry Duffy: Well I think there is not a lot to say, I mean you said it right, which is certainly Secretary Gaitner and others have indicated that they want to see more central counterparty clearing applied to over-the-counter derivatives transaction. There has also been as you know some congressional proposals, legislative proposals to mandatory require central counterparty clearing for OTC transactions, we are opposed to that I mean we actually think that there is a range of products that probably are not suitable for central counterparty clearing, but more importantly we think that the role for government if there is one is to provide, you know essentially incentives for the private sector to increasingly adopt central counterparty clearing services where it makes sense to do so which again is not in all cases. I think that is probably where we are going to find ourselves. I do think that there will be likely changes in regulatory capital requirements and other regulatory policies that will help sort of encourage the sell side, as well as the buy side to increasingly rely upon central counterparty clearing.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: Just to follow up on that Craig, I think as you workout and the management team worked out the strategy on the OTC front is it imperative and important that you have new legislation in place or do you work under the assumption that you can win share from the OTC market without any change from the DCC?
Craig Donohue: Well I think it is absolutely the case that we can and will be successful over time in providing over the kind of clearing services, you know I mean again you know I accentuated already the success that we're having with ClearPort and broadening of the product range that is being facilitated through ClearPort. I think if you just fundamentally look at the decreased leverage in the market, the stresses on the banks in terms of their balance sheets, the interference with the normal functioning of the over-the-counter market, I think it is clear that we provide a lot of complementarities to the existing business model and profitability of the dealer community, I think it is important just to say that (inaudible) is to take share from the OTC market, but really to just sort of work with the market participants in a complementary way where we can add value to their business, enhance their business model, enhance their profitability. It is not a competitive content, it is a collaborative content.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: Okay thanks for that clarification Craig. And Jamie on the revised expense guidance wanted to drill in on your commentary that if ADV holds near current levels that pro forma operating expenses should be down in roughly 2% to 4% from last year's core, I guess the way I run the numbers, the midpoint would be down 30 million or so which in my mind it's really just the incremental NYMEX synergies, so would you agree with that and if so where is the core expense growth of the franchise coming from?
Jamie Parisi: Well you know first of all when you look at the expense base overall there is always going to be some level of growth all of the same right just from price increases inflation and that sort of thing. So I wouldn't say that it is all just NYMEX synergies that you are seeing. We do think that there's going to be expense growth across some of the key categories including, (inaudible) for example we have got the June grants coming up, I mention earlier, the potential for deferred comp, the increase as the markets potentially rebound that was a $1.3 million reduction in expense in Q1 and if the markets turn around that could actually add to expense going forward. Clearly from all the questions that we have talked about in the call today we are very engaged in working on our OTC initiatives, so there is going to be professional fees and other costs associated with that, so you will see some of those expenses from that and then on the other expense line some of the benefit we saw there was one-time in nature and that it was FX fluctuation or some legal settlement sought off impacts. And then just going forward we will continue to not just on the OTC side, but other strategic initiatives, you know we are engaged with the Korean exchange, we've got the green exchange that we're working on, so these things do take some additional expense in, I think there would be some of the drivers.
Howard Chen  Credit Suisse: Okay thanks so much for taking my question.
Jamie Parisi: Thanks Howard.
Operator: And now we will go to Chris Allen with Pali Capital.
Chris Allen  Pali Capital: Hi guys how are you doing?
Craig Donohue: Great.
Chris Allen  Pali Capital: Just one quick question, the emissions market is exploding in terms of volumes right now and obviously there is a lot of chat around cap and trade implementation, can you just give us some quick thoughts on that market what you guys are doing to pursue that market over the longer term?
Craig Donohue: Well you know I will start and then turnover to Rich, but this is an area that we are very excited about and very focused on as part of our acquisition of NYMEX you might recall that they had begun putting together the green exchange initiative, which is the consortium initiative involving not just CME Group, but a wide range of leading market participants with an interest in emissions and biofuels trading. We've been working very, very hard over the last six months to bring that consortium and offering to market, I think you know it is fair to say that we are very encouraged by the commitment of the administration and with the legislation that we are seeing thus far in terms of you know cap and trade and facilitating essentially a market for trading in emissions credit. So, we're making very good progress on that. Rich I don't know if there is anything you want to add in particular.
Richard Redding: Yes just this one additional thing I think Craig covered it well, the European market obviously is much further along in more developed than the US market. There is still things that the administration and Congress needs to establish and create some regulation around before I think you'll see the robust trading in the United States, but you know that is a pretty big opportunity for carving credits in emissions here in the US.
Chris Allen  Pali Capital: Great thanks a lot guys.
Operator: And we will move on to Don Fandetti with Citi.
Donald Fandetti  Citigroup: Hi good morning. I know the pricing environment has been pretty quiet, I was just curious as you look out over the horizon are there any areas in your business or products where you might be raising or lowering prices?
Craig Donohue: Yes, Don, I think it is difficult to comment on questions like that, but we do tend to look at pricing on a very regular basis and I think youve heard us say before that the overall financial market conditions have been such that we've been  we've taken a pause from that just recognizing the impact that has occurred to our customers from the overall market condition, but we do continue to look at pricing on a regular basis.
Donald Fandetti  Citigroup: That's all I have, thank you.
Operator: And we will take a follow-up question from Roger Freeman.
Roger Freeman  Barclays Capital: Hi, I just have a few follow-up here. Craig, you were talking about sort of the collaborative efforts that you approach sort of the OTC market  I guess not to put you on the spot, I mean disrespectable, but I mean you talk to a lot of dealers in private, there seems to be some distrust of the CME organization, I think they view you as a monopoly to some extent with a lot of rising power and it doesn't feel like they want to work with you and I guess my question is, what do think you need to do to get back message from your point of view better out to the dealer community and are you doing anything different then you have done in the past?
Craig Donohue: No I think that's a good and a fair question. I mean I think first of all, we have a lot of areas where we're working very, very well with the dealer community. I think ClearPort is an excellent example of that by the way where weve had tremendous support from both the dealer community, as well as the interdealer brokerage community. I think one of the things that we've been trying to do is to really sort of be much more collaborative with the dealer community again in a non-competitive way, but in a way that reflects kind of a spirited partnership in collaboration. We're trying to get greater emphasis to how  complement their business and profitability through central counterparty clearing and being less oriented in our approach towards execution services or radically changing the existing market structure. So we're trying to kind of bring our capabilities into the way the market functions best for them and for the other market participants. We are doing a lot of outreach right now to communicate that approach by CME Group with the leadership of the folks in the dealer community and the investment banking community if you will. So, I do think that we have modified our approach considerably and I think that that actually is resonating with a lot of the top people at the firms, that's something that takes time, but I think drove that basis of trust and really accomplished a lot, obviously from a reputation perspective I think they recognized the seller strength of the CME clearing capabilities and I think they also recognized the strong position that we have in terms of capital and performance bond efficiencies and the rigor of our risk management system. So, we have a lot to build on, but here we are modifying our approach to really kind of step expand the other branch and build those bridges.
Roger Freeman  Barclays Capital: Okay that's helpful. And then I guess on our new products, there has been a few questions around that. Are you looking at products to help manage just more broadly basis risk like things like CDS versus cash basis or corporate bonds, CMDX versus CMDS. If you look at a lot of the losses this management and institutions have sustained late last year, it was the basis risk diversion, so things like that it could be some real demand for some help in that area.
Craig Donohue: Yes, I think it's a great point Roger. It is to think about where we can go, you know with some of our ClearPort thoughts and thinking about how do we clear some of that to help people.
Roger Freeman  Barclays Capital: I mean are there some stuffs into the efforts underway on that front?
Craig Donohue: Yes, we have not analyzed anything at this point, but obviously those are areas that customers have been pointing out to us as well, and clearly is the need in the marketplace.
Roger Freeman  Barclays Capital: Okay. And on terminals, one more question on that, so they were down I guess a couple of percentage points, do you think about any lay offs across (inaudible) 10% if not more, how do you think about the flow through effect of that overtime, I mean how long does it typically take for actual subscription we get turned off?
Craig Donohue: As we looked historically, we've seen a more significant job up in terminals, but I think what we've got going for us now is that since the last time of the major lay off (inaudible) firms have got much more efficient in their allocation of their terminals and weve also gone to different sort of enterprise-wide agreements with some of the key contributors, which mitigate some of that mix. So, I dont know you can necessarily look to history to exactly  will tell this is going to happen.
Jamie Parisi: Yes, Roger, one other thing to point out on those terminals side is, Wall Street is just part, you know the sell-side banks are just a part of that customer base, weve actually seems to strengthening and people especially around the commodity and energy areas of running access in a market data. So I think that's help balance it out.
Roger Freeman  Barclays Capital: Okay, that's helpful. Couple of quickies here. The increase in algo user as a percentage this past quarter, did you  you said they sort of dropped off in the fourth quarter, do you view them as sort of more back online on a normalized basis or is it still sort of building?
Jamie Parisi: Yes, that's one of the hard questions I ever know. I mean a lot of it has to do with market opportunity because a lot of those algorithms are based on relationships between market and price  and price movements within the market. So that's hard to know.
Roger Freeman  Barclays Capital: Okay and very last question, just one more macro, I mean kind of looking at your business in aggregate and you are for the most part the futures market borrowings for really one other competitor in the U.S. As you look at your growth rate going forward longer term, what are the things that you think most move the need on, I mean it sounds we've been talking a lot about sort of the OTC opportunity, is that really what we should look to other than M&A?
Jamie Parisi: Well, I think I would say continued secular trends generally speaking I think people have lost sight of that in light of the overall global economic issues in financial markets and dislocation over the last six to nine months, but I think the long-term growth rate for this industry will continue to be very kind of commensurate with the last 20, 25 years. I would add globalization as key part of the growth drivers for the future of the company. I always like to remind people that in the early 1980s, we in the Chicago board of trade when CME in the board of trade was separate were roughly 90% plus of the global market for listed futures and options contract. And a decade to 15 years later, we were in the mid 40% on a global basis and yet during that same time we had roughly compounded annual growth rate of 18% to 20%. We clearly have tremendous growth still occurring in emerging markets and we have a very broad product base with global appeal. We have, I think the best distribution in customer relationships globally and we can leverage that to our advantage, as well as with the strategic investments and partnerships that we either have had or intent to put in place.
Roger Freeman  Barclays Capital: All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And well take our final question from Edward Ditmire with Fox-Pitt, Kelton.
Edward Ditmire  Fox-Pitt, Kelton: Thank you. My question is, our new products particularly OTC products deemed to be lower margin affairs, first legacy futures business not just with CME, but on an industry wide basis, it seems like on CDS standard operating procedure for launching in platform includes generous equity sharing for every discounts and the best ClearPort launch is the power contract for low cost contracts. I am wondering as years from now, we would see the OTC opportunity has something thats both the low volume and low margin.
Craig Donohue: Actually, the pricing of all those contracts are all over the place. I mean if you look at some of the things on ClearPort, we actually get higher RPC for just clearing than we do for products that are listed and cleared. It just happens in your example Ed that PJM is actually intentionally was a very small product because we thought it would help trade better and generate more cleared opportunities for people. So I dont agree with the premise that they will be lower RBC contracting  in contrast, we actually see at a number of places, we actually capture more just for the clearing piece of it. And I think people are also valuing clearing so much more than they would probably historically have looked at because of the crisis.
Jamie Parisi: Ed, this is Jamie. You dont forget, our ClearPort RBC is around $1.75 versus our overall of $0.833. I think thats kind of highlights that there is no opportunity there on the OTC side.
Edward Ditmire  Fox-Pitt, Kelton: It just seems to me particular with the highest experience at  the dealers are showing ability to influence a pricing discussion to a large extent more so and probably I think that they have been able to influence the legacy futures business.
Craig Donohue: I dont know whether we can comment on what basis pricing is.
Edward Ditmire  Fox-Pitt, Kelton: Okay, thanks a lot guys.
Craig Donohue: Thanks, Ed.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Craig Donohue: Well, thank you everybody for joining us this morning. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Operator: This conclude todays conference call. Thank you for joining us and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer James E. Parisi - Chief Financial Officer and Managing Director Richard H. Redding - Head of Products and Services Phupinder S. Gill - President John C. Peschier - Managing Director, Investor Relations
Analysts: Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods Howard Chen - Credit Suisse Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets Mike Carrier - UBS Kenneth B. Worthington - J.P. Morgan Daniel T. Fannon - Jefferies & Co. Robert Rutschow - Deutsche Bank Securities Donald Fandetti  Citigroup Brian Bedell - Bank of America 
Operator: Welcome to the CME Groups fourth quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, Id like to turn the conference to John Peschier.
John C. Peschier : Thank you for joining us today. Craig Donohue, our CEO, and Jamie Parisi, our CFO, will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the fourth quarter, and then we will open up the call for your questions. Also joining us for participation in the Q&A session are Rich Redding, our Head of Products and Services, and Phupinder Gill, our President. Terry Duffy, our Executive Chairman is unable to join us today as he is in Washington, D.C., testifying before Congress. Before they begin, I will read the safe harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the accompanying slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance can be found in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K and forms 10-Q, which are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. During this call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP pro forma results; a reconciliation is available in our press release, and there is an accompanying file on the Investor Relations portion of our website that provides detailed quarterly information on a GAAP and pro forma basis. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Craig. 
Craig S. Donohue: Good morning and thank you for joining us this morning. 2008 was a year marked by unprecedented dislocations in financial markets. Against this challenging backdrop, CME Group continued to effectively operate our core businesses, execute on our growth strategy, and deliver solid financial performance. I am pleased to tell you that on a pro forma basis, 2008 revenues increased 11% to $3.1 billion, and operating income increased 20% to $2 billion compared to 2007. Additionally, operating margins grew to 65% compared with 60% for 2007. These resulted in earnings per share of $16.17 for 2008, representing growth of 16% from 2007. Jamie will discuss our financial performance in greater detail in just a moment. In terms of volume, 2008 was a year of immense challenges, and CME Group was able to achieve annual volume growth of 4% despite these challenges. Getting into individual products, we saw outstanding performance in our E-mini products which achieved 37% annualized growth. Within E-minis, we are really excited about the growth we have seen in our E-mini Dow product. For the first 8 months of 2008, Dow Jones average daily volume of 192,000 was 74% of Russell average daily volume. For the last quarter of 2008, Dow average daily volume of 264,000 contracts is now 144% of Russell ADV. The Dow has become established as the number three product in the US equity futures market, and we believe that this speaks to the strength of CME Groups overall equity franchise including the benefits of our extensive Globex distribution network and our deep liquidity across multiple benchmark equity index products. CME ClearPort saw annual growth of 43%, with particular strength during the third and fourth quarters. CME ClearPort has been a promising addition to our capabilities, and Id like to spend a few minutes discussing what we see happening there. A key strength of the CME ClearPort is its flexibility which allows new products to be listed very efficiently. To that end, we listed a total of 141 new products on CME ClearPort in 2008 with 97 added in the four months following the completion of the NYMEX acquisition. We also listed Ethanol Swaps on January 26th, the first non-NYMEX product to be available on CME ClearPort. We have a strong product pipeline and will continue to build on this success by introducing new products rapidly throughout 2009. Getting into specific products, in the energy products, we have seen some very positive open interest trends in the Brent contract. The Brent market share as measured by open interest was 27% at year end 2008, up from only 11% at the end of 2007. Our Brent market share continued to grow in January and is now at 38%. We believe this growth is driven by the benefits of the security and flexibility of CME ClearPort coupled with CMEs robust exchange traded energy platform. Our PJM power contracts which just recently launched on December 8th grew to average daily volume of 88,000 in January which is a tremendous success for a new product launch. Another noteworthy trend on CME ClearPort has been increased interest from our global non-US customer base. We saw an over 400% growth in Q4 in European and Asian-specific petroleum products, and we are now clearing approximately 8000 contracts per day. CME Group energy products grew 19%. Here again, we saw favorable open interest trends, this time in the WTI complex, where open interest increased 13% from year end 2007 to year end 2008, and from 3.2 million contracts to 3.7 million contracts. CME Group Metals Products had an outstanding year, with annual volume growth of 40%. The percentage of metals contracts electronically traded grew to 86% in December, up from 79% in January. We see this growth in electronic trading as an indication of significant growth opportunities ahead. To give you some additional insight into our volumes, I want to provide some detail about trends within our major customer segments. Currently, we can segment information for combined legacy CME and CBOT products. We can track our member activity fairly closely, which we categorize into four segments: Bank proprietary trading, large hedge funds which include approximately the top 25 hedge fund participants, buy side proprietary trading firms, and finally our smaller member firms and active individual traders. In addition, we have a fifth segment, the nonmember customer category which is composed of buy side customers. On an overall basis, our volume from Q3 08 to Q4 08 was down 21%. All five customer segments had a reduction in their trading activity which we believe was driven by the continuing credit crisis, extreme volatility in key products, and the normal seasonal slowdown. Of the segments identified above, the group that dropped the least was our nonmember buy side customer segment, where volumes fell by 13% from Q3 to Q4. The nonmember volume as a percentage of the total increased from 18% to 20% from the third quarter to the fourth quarter contributing to a higher fourth quarter rate per contract. The buy side proprietary trading segments volume contribution represented approximately 34% of our volume, down 1% from unusually active third quarter levels of 35%. Overall the group has increased its percentage by the total of 2% from the first half of the year to the second half. The bank proprietary trading and small member firm active individual trader categories had sequential volume reductions in line with the 21% overall drop in volume. This means their relative size remained unchanged from the prior quarter. Bank proprietary trading contributed 16% of volume, and small member firm active individual trader members contributed 22% of volume. Lastly, the large hedge funds group reduced overall trading volume by 32% and they now contribute between 8% and 9% of overall volume. We have heard feedback that this segmentation is useful to understanding our business, and we intend to continue to update you on these customer trends as we are committed to providing you with as much transparency as we reasonably can. Moving on to review some strategic accomplishments from 2008 and to discuss our strategy going forward, 2008 saw CME Group execute on multiple strategic fronts. We are very pleased to have completed the NYMEX acquisition and to be focusing on integration. We have said that NYMEX was an important strategic asset for us, and we have moved rapidly to leverage the opportunities it offers. This includes implementing strategic cross selling efforts to make sure that legacy NYMEX, CME, and CBOT customers have extensive information about the powerful suite of products now available at CME Group. In addition to making good progress on the NYMEX integration, the fourth quarter also saw the completion of CBOT integration milestones. A key benefit of these mergers has been our strength and ability to globalize our business, and we are seeing significant results from our global efforts. For 2008, our non-US trading hours volume was 17%, up from 14% for the full year 2007. Additionally, we continue to make progress with initiatives in Brazil, Korea, and Dubai. Entry into each of these markets and other global markets certainly has many challenges; however, we see these as long-term efforts that position us both to help grow our partners businesses and to create strong relationships that will ultimately facilitate global growth for CME group products. We also implemented technology updates that reduced average futures response times by 71% from year end 2007 to year end 2008. In addition to these speed enhancements, these ongoing technology investments increased the reliability and flexibility of our Globex platform. They allow us to create new functionality that increases liquidity for existing products and make viable new trading strategies while continuing to increase speed. Moving on from our accomplishments to some of our growth plans, I mentioned at the beginning of the call that 2008 was a year of challenges. Clearly, we see negative impacts from the credit crisis into 2009; however, balance sheet constraints and counterparty credit risks remain major concerns of all market participants, and we believe that these trends and expected trends in future regulation trend toward the central counterparty clearing model. In this environment, the value of the safety and soundness of CME Groups central counterparty clearing capabilities continues to be highlighted. We see many opportunities stemming from these trends. The key concern for us in thinking about how to help customers address their counterparty credit risk concerns is to meet customers needs. For some customers that may mean using our core futures markets with integrated execution and clearing services. For other customers, their needs may be better met with clearing only services and some customers may seek a combination of these two models. What we are very aware of is that preferences and needs are specific to each asset class, and so we introduced new clearing services and as we do that we will have differentiated offerings for various products. Getting into the specifics of how we can use our proven clearing expertise to address customer needs, there is of course our exchange traded business model. We are actively working to educate non-traditional customers as to the compelling reasons to use our markets for their hedging needs, and this will be a significant effort for us throughout 2009. We also offer standalone OTC clearing services via CME ClearPort. We believe the recent market turmoil has really driven business to this offering, and we are working very closely with customers to develop additional products that address their needs using CME ClearPort. In addition to the OTC clearing services we provide through ClearPort, we are moving forward with several other key initiatives in this area. We achieved key milestones with CMDX, our credit default swaps platform, receiving approvals from the Fed, the CFTC, and our own internal risk committee during the fourth quarter. We are in the advanced stages of review with the SEC and continue to make progress there. We continue to work actively with market participants to demonstrate the advantages of our offering and have begun to work with those participants on our operational readiness. We are also continuing to refine and improve our cleared interest rates swap offering and are receiving positive feedback from market participants. Beyond these initiatives, when we look at 2009, there are many unknowns related to the macro-economic environment. We have recently been encouraged by data indicating some improvements in the underlying credit markets, but these trends have not been in place long enough to drive trading volumes. There are obviously many questions and concerns about what happens to volume going forward and we regularly get asked what indicators would point to a recovery in our interest rate volumes. At CME group, we think its clear that futures markets dont operate in a vacuum; they are critical parts of the capital markets as a whole. In general, like many firms we believe that stability in the underlying markets will be a key factor that will allow our volumes to return to historical growth levels. At the same time, recognition of the benefits of the exchange central counterparty clearing model has never been stronger. Immediate concerns may be creating a negative volume environment, but the longer-term trends are very favorable for CME Group. We are cognizant of the need to prioritize opportunities and invest wisely in this climate. While we are aware of the challenges facing us, we also believe firmly that our long-term growth prospects are very strong. We will continue to execute on our strategy and seek to capitalize on those opportunities. With that, let me turn the call over to Jamie.
James E. Parisi: CME Group turned in a solid financial performance in the fourth quarter, especially considering the overall economic environment we are operating in. Today, I will go through the details of Q4 on a pro forma basis as if we owned NYMEX and CBOT for all periods considered. The pro formas also exclude the impairment of the BM&F Bovespa investment for which I will provide further detail. Let me start with the pro forma results for the fourth quarter. On a pro forma basis, we generated $692 million in revenue, $433 million of operating income, and earnings per share of $3.58. Average daily volumes were down 14% compared to the same quarter a year ago, driven mainly by decreased activity in our interest rate product line. However, a strong rate per contract and disciplined expense management helped offset this cyclical volume decline. The overall rate per contract for all CME Group volume was $0.858. Changes to this rate are more easily understood if we break it up between our legacy CME Group rates and the NYMEX rates. The rate per contract for the legacy CME business was $0.713, up 8% sequentially and up 10% versus Q4 of 07. The primary mix drivers of the increase were lower percentage of interest rate products and a higher proportion of nonmember activity, particularly in the E-mini and interest rate product areas. On the NYMEX side, the average growth rate was $1.67, up 7% sequentially and 14% year over year, driven primarily by a larger percentage of trades cleared through ClearPort and higher post-trade activity as well as slightly higher percentage of non-member volume in the NYMEX products overall. Quotation data fees totaled $87 million for the quarter, up 17% from Q4 of 07, but down 5% sequentially. Last quarter, we had a one-time $4 million benefit from a market data audit assessment that we mentioned on our last earnings call. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had approximately 433,000 users who subscribed for the base devices across CME, CBOT, and NYMEX products, down 4000 sequentially. As you look to model 2009, please keep in mind that we have not implemented a price increase as we have in prior years, and we are beginning to see a reduction in screens due to reduced headcount on the street. I will now take a few minutes to review expenses. Total pro forma operating expenses were $258 million for Q4, down 4% sequentially and down 3% versus Q4 last year. Our largest expense, compensation and benefits, was down $7 million sequentially to $83 million. The primary drivers were synergy-related headcount reduction, a lower bonus accrual, and unused vacation that did not carry over to 2009. Our combined headcount at the end of 2008 stood at 2300 people, down approximately 120 on a pro forma basis including CME, NYMEX, and CMA during the year. We reduced the workforce by 230 positions related to the CBOT merger and NYMEX acquisition and added approximately 110 positions primarily in our technology area and our global sales and business development areas. For 2008, our total employee bonus was $45 million including NYMEX, down 34% compared to the prior year. Looking ahead to 2009, our target employee bonus would be $47 million based on reaching our internal 2009 cash earnings target. If our cash earnings for the year is 20% above our cash earnings target, employee bonuses would be approximately $69 million. If we are more than 20% below our target, the bonus will be a minimal amount for non-exempt employees. We expect compensation expense to jump to $90 million to $95 million for the first quarter. This is a larger than normal sequential increase due primarily to the following: In Q4, we had a reduction in compensation expense of about $3.7 million based on negative equity market returns related to deferred compensation. In addition, the bonus accrual in the fourth quarter was lower than normal, and we had a lower vacation accrual than expected. Non-compensation expenses were down about $3 million sequentially, and down slightly versus Q4 last year. During the quarter, we expensed approximately $1.4 million related to our CDS initiative. We realized NYMEX-related expense synergies of $4 million with about $3 million of that from headcount reduction. In terms of the CBOT integration, we have basically reached our target with one lone item outstanding, which is the continued operation of our data center based in New Jersey which supports NYSEs Metals business. These operations are scheduled to be handed over to NYSE at the beginning of Q2. Q4 pro forma operating income was $433 million, up 3% from the same quarter last year despite the volume reduction. Compared to a year ago, revenues rose 1% while expenses were down 3%. Our Q4 operating margin was 63% compared to 61% in Q4 of 07. Within the fourth quarter, non-operating expense category, interest expense and borrowing cost were $35 million and drove the non-operating expense of $30 million. The yield on our cash and marketable securities balance is now below 1% driven by reduced short-term interest rates and our conservative investment policy leading to a decrease in investment income. In terms of securities lending, we had net securities lending income of about $5.2 million driven by longer dated and higher yielding NYMEX securities investments compared with CMEs traditional overnight investments. In the near term, we intend to be very selective in our ongoing securities lending business, and we expect minimal net securities lending income this year as we wind down the NYMEX portfolio. Pro forma net income was $239 million and diluted EPS was $3.58. For the quarter, our pro forma effective tax rate was 40.7%. Looking at 2009, we expect an effective tax rate of approximately 41%. Turning to the GAAP income statement; as you saw in the press release, we impaired our investment in BM&F Bovespa. Please turn to slide 16 in the presentation which details the values of the investment over time. As many of you know, we entered into an equity swap with BVMF whereby we exchanged 2.2% of our shares in return for ultimately 5% of BVMF. Our investment was valued at $631 million when we closed the transaction in February 2008. Between then and the end of 2008, the value of our investment dropped to $263 million due to the change in the value of BVMF shares and adverse foreign exchange rate movement. The decline in BVMF share price is in line with performance of the exchange sector overall. At the end of 2008, the value of our investment represented a premium of about 6% compared to the value of the CME Group shares BVMF received from the equity swap. However, GAAP does not allow us to take this into consideration and requires us to consider whether the decline in the value of BVMF will be recoverable in a reasonably short period of time which we consider to be approximately 6 months from the end of 2008. We concluded that the decline in value is not likely to be fully recoverable prior to June and so an impairment had to be recorded. The portion of the loss attributable to currency move is recorded through the balance sheet while the loss related to the value of the shares runs through the non-operating income section of the income statement. The after-tax impact of the write-down was $167 million or $2.49 of reduced EPS on a GAAP basis. We believe BVMF stock price reflects current cyclical factors in the public company exchange sector and continues to present attractive long-term financial and strategic opportunities for CME Group. The last comparison on the chart illustrates the fact that since the beginning of the year, BVMF have recovered faster than CME, and the current value of $282 million is actually a 41% premium to the CME Group shares held by BVMF. Moving on to the balance sheet, as of December 31st, we had $600 million of cash and marketable securities, and total debt of $3.2 billion resulting in a net debt position of approximately $2.6 billion dollars. With regard to our debt, in addition to our $1.7 billion dollars of term debt, we currently have approximately $1.5 billion in commercial paper outstanding which is backed up by a $945 million 3-year revolver and a temporary $1.3 billion bridge facility. As we mentioned last quarter, there are quarterly continuation fees associated with the bridge loan, and the next one is scheduled to be $6 million on February 18, 2008. In the fourth quarter, we expensed a similar continuation fee of $2 million. If we replace the bridge prior to February 18, 2008, the continuation fee would be eliminated, but we would have an acceleration of the upfront fees and expenses related to the origination of the bridge financing to Q1, which would be $5 million. As I have said before, we are focused on reducing our debt to EBITDA ratio to below one time. Therefore, at this point in time, we intend to prioritize that pay-down. That brings me to our $1.1 billion share buyback authorization. Since our last earnings call, we purchased 638,000 shares of stock with an aggregate value of a little more than $150 million representing approximately 1% of our basic shares. In total, since the beginning of the program late in Q3, we have spent $250 million and repurchased the shares at an average price of $272. Like many companies, the uncertainty in the financial markets has altered our thinking a bit about capital management since June when this program was announced. As I mentioned, our main priority is to make progress in reducing our debt levels. So, while our authorization remains in place, we have stopped purchasing shares for now to devote our excess free cash flow to debt reduction. Capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances totaled $81 million in the fourth quarter driven primarily by $63 million spent on technology including the continued build-out of our data center with the remainder spent on office space build-out. During Q4, we spent approximately $2 million of capital related to our CDS initiative. For the full year, our pro forma capital expenditures totaled $205 million. We anticipate between $200 million and $225 million of capital expenditure in 2009 driven by technology-related products and the completion of our construction in Chicago and New York. During the year, we will continually monitor the capital spend based on market condition. Finally, I will now turn to expense guidance for 2009 for CME Group. Traditionally, we have seen an 8% to 10% annual growth in expenses during the period from 2001 and 2007. In 2008, pro forma expenses actually decreased by 2%. The realization of cost synergies more than offset normal expense growth which is typically driven by technology and new initiative spending. Looking to 2009, volume is more difficult to predict than usual for both you and us. Currently, the consensus ADV is 11.2 million contracts with consensus expense of $1.05 billion dollars. We do not provide guidance related to volume, but I wanted to give you some sense of where expenses would be under two different scenarios based on our current plan. If volume is similar to 2008, around 13 million contracts per day, we would expect pro forma operating expenses to be up approximately 2% compared to 2008. At the consensus volume level of 11.2 million contracts, we would expect 2009 pro forma operating expenses down from 1 to 2% versus 2008. Looking to next quarter, we expect expenses to increase from Q4 to Q1 as expenses in Q4 08 would have been closer to $265 million without the compensation-related benefits I mentioned earlier which positively impacted this quarter. One final note; we are doing everything we can to reduce discretionary spending throughout the company and it is a focused area for every employee. At the same time, we have significant long-term opportunities, and we will continue to spend on areas that we think will bear fruit. In January, we averaged 9.5 million contracts per day, and we have seen a slight improvement in the second half of January to about 10.1 million contracts per day relative to December at 8.2 million and the first half of January at 8.9 million. In summary, despite the macro-economic challenges impacting financial markets and our customers, we continue to be well positioned moving forward. Taking a look back at 2008, we made tremendous progress building out our offering for the long term as Craig mentioned. From a financial perspective, our pro forma revenue for the year was up 11% to more than $3 billion dollars while operating expenses dropped 2%. We delivered 60% growth in both net income and diluted EPS. I believe we are well positioned to navigate through and ultimately benefit from the current economic environment. With that, we would now like to open up the call for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question will come from Rich Repetto from Sandler ONeill.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: The first question is for Jamie on the expenses; I just wanted to see if you take even your adjusted Q4 run rate 265 and that would get you to $1.06 billion. So, I guess on the lower end, if volume was 11.2, that looks like what you are predicting or right around there. I am just trying to see where the NYMEX synergies and how you phase them in and the CBOT, the data center in Q2; that is what I am not seeing come out of the run rate here.
James E. Parisi: Rich, just to be clear, I am not predicting our volumes will be in terms of the NYMEX synergies. We said that we would get $60 million out of the NYMEX transaction in terms of cost synergies and I believe that we will get somewhere between $30 million to $40 million of that in the coming year, and of course do all we can over time within the year to be very diligent with respect to expenses.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: Okay, and maybe just one follow-on to there. If volume was lower than say 11.2, I ran the math; it just looks like there is an incremental margin in there of like 10%, like the expenses only vary by about 10% of the potential revenue impact. So if volume was down below that, is this thing sort of linear on a percentage basis or what?
James E. Parisi: If you just think about it, the things that move the most with the volume are going to be the license fees and the bonus, right? And the bonus drops of at a certain point; once we get down the 20% below our target, the bonus goes down to almost zero. So, you have to keep that in mind. So, it is not quite linear.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: Understood. Last question, I guess, Craig and Jamie. When you looked at the buyback and given where the stock price is now, I know the target is to get the EBITDA ratio below 1, but I am just trying to see the way the different factors putting the reduction in debt ahead of what looks like a pretty depressed stock price.
James E. Parisi: We first realized that when we put the authorization in place, that was back in June, and that was a bit of a different world for everybody, right? But the things that we are looking at are bringing the debt to EBITDA level as we said at one time, and then two, our debt as a percentage of our overall capital structure has increased significantly over the last several months because of the decrease in our equity value. Those things weigh on the decision as well. So, it is bringing all those into consideration along with the stock prices as well.
Operator: Our next question will come from Roger Freeman with Barclays Capital.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: The first question on the interest rate volume outlook; I know it is always a tough question to talk about, but if you think about some of the key drivers that could move volumes higher; mortgage refinance is picking up, treasury issuance to finance the bailouts, and LIBOR spreads normalizing; how do you think about what has the biggest potential impact? LIBOR spreads have already normalized and doesnt seem to be any impact from that, but maybe the other two?
James E. Parisi: Yes, Roger, I think, there are several ways to look at this, and on the short end of the curve looking at the Fed funds, LIBOR spread, it is starting to stabilize, but that has only been in the last 10 days. Clearly, as Craig mentioned, one of the things as the capital markets start perhaps to heal themselves before futures volumes are going to normalize, and 10 days is not going to enough time to measure any kind of meaningful futures growth. The other thing that you did mention that we spent a lot of time analyzing is looking at coupon-bearing treasury issuance. If you look at that historically, that has had a pretty positive correlation, a very strong positive correlation, to treasuries futures volume. So, those are two of the things that we look at internally, but again, the overall capital markets have to heal themselves to get back to that normalized run rate that we have seen in the past.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Your hedge fund participation, its down to 8%. Is there anything, other than really de-levering to think about what drove that, and then secondly, as you look at activity now, it actually looks like January was a pretty good month for the industry. Are you seeing any increased activity in the futures space and probably your hedge funds in January?
Richard H. Redding: Several of the hedge funds that we deal with in that large category, what weve seen is, in general, they reduced their exposure, but it really wasnt a phenomena where a lot of people thought just in the fourth quarter, we actually saw those percentages actually come down throughout 2008. A lot of that money was put on the sidelines by a lot those funds as they raised cash. It didnt necessarily have to do with any redemption, and if you start to analyze that by product segment, you actually can come to some different terms that its really been the interest rate product where were seeing their participation drop significantly. When you think about the energy markets or the equity markets, some of those markets weve actually seen the number of hedge funds increase and some of their volumes increase in those markets. So, it has really been the interest rate products where we saw the significant drop in hedge fund for participation.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Okay, and then on CDS, its interesting for all the pressure the government has put on everybody at large, it seems like the industry has been ready and theyre dragging their feet, but my question is, as this delay continues, how do you see your chances here, because were hearing pretty good feedback from the marketing presentations that CME is making the broker dealers. So, I assume delays are actually favorable for you?
James E. Parisi: No, I would say that this is a really complex area. There has been a lot of work done, not just by CME Group, but certain other competitors as well, working a lot of the very complex regulatory issues. I think were in great shape. Weve cleared the vast majority of the hurdles in terms of gaining clearance from the New York Fed and approval from the CFTC. The SEC has been working very very well with us actually on the requested exemption order that will allow us to commence services, and that has given us more time to work with the community of people who are active in the CDS market, and I would say based on the reports that weve been getting very recently, Im very encouraged by the reception were getting from the buy side and the sell side. So were making good progress, and I think hopefully well get through the regulatory process really near term here and be able to implement our services.
Operator: Our next question will come from Niamh Alexander with Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods: You talked about credit derivatives clearing, but I think interest rate derivatives clearing might be even bigger for CME, and I am just trying to understand, how is the soft clearing initiative? Have you been able to get a clients attention to focus on that? How should we think about the next move there, because there seems to be a lot of regulatory driven pressure to shift a lot of these OTC onto the central clearing mechanism?
Richard H. Redding: I think thats a very good observation because one of the things as Craig mentioned on the CDS side, its also true on the interest rate slot side that both the buy and sell side are starting to seriously sit down and come to some conclusions about how to move forward in this space. It really is getting at the issue of how to reduce a firms balance sheet and getting these into a centrally cleared facility has even become more important over time, not just to get rid of counterparty risk, but to bring the overall leverage down at a lot of these firms. We think that as time has gone on and people are really understanding what were trying to do in that space; weve learned some things and weve come a fair way in that space, and now were looking at it more as a clearing opportunity for people to be able to put their positions in, clear them at CME, and be less focused on the execution side.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: On the clearing opportunity, should I think about maybe structuring something to incentivize the dealers to get involved similar to maybe what ICE is doing in the credit space?
James E. Parisi: Weve looked at a number of different proposals, and were actively working with both buy and sell side firms to get them engaged and involved in the process because one of the things that we think is crucial in this solution is bringing both sides to the table.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Okay thats helpful, and then just lastly, LCH are telling that theyre currently carrying some slots, is that correct?
Craig S. Donohue:  Yes, thats correct.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Okay fair enough thats helpful. And then if I could just clarify something with regards to CBOE, because you still own the position from the former CBOT guys, is there still a bit of an overhang there, do current shareholders of CME, are they kind of holding on to stock pending of potential IPO of CBOE, once that vote is passed now, are we kind of past us?
Craig S. Donohue:  You might remember that what we had done actually was we had acquired various ERPs in the merger process with the Chicago Board of Trade where we offered various CBOT full members the opportunity to actually transfer their ERP to us in exchange for a lump sum payment. We are planning to participate in the settlement that has been agreed and which is now pending before the court. Theres an appeal that we expect to happen based on the judgment of the court, but ultimately, were confident that the settlement will be reached, approved by the court and we will be participating in that.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Okay, thats helpful, Craig. So, thus far what CME and before that the former CBOT shareholders who are still holding CME stock, just so I understand the time line, technically do they have to kind of wait for the settlement or do they still need to hold the stock up until any particular IPO?
Craig S. Donohue:  That timeframe has expired now, so the eligibility for participating in the settlement in terms of the requirement of owning the stock is no longer applicable.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  And then just lastly for James, the licensing fee, I got it wrong, I thought it would drop a little bit more now with the expiry of the Russell contract, and was there a price increase or some other contracts that youre re-negotiating with the NASDAQ, a contract that you re-negotiated? 
James E. Parisi:  Actually, therere some small increases last year, we did some re-negotiations, but keep in mind its not just license fees, its also the fees associated with the clear ClearPort. You cant just look at equity volumes when youre looking at that line.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Okay, so when you say fees, is that rebate for some of the IDBs of ClearPort or does that come under the net revenue?
James E. Parisi:  Thats correct.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  It is rebate.
Operator:  Our next question will come from Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse:  Just a few followups on the expense and capital management commentary, James, on the expense guidance in that no volume growth scenario and 2% expense growth, can you split up that 2% expense growth between incremental NYMEX synergy realization versus core investment spending and where is that incremental investment spending going?
James E. Parisi :  If you look at it, the NYMEX synergy saving should be in the neighborhood of $30 to $40 million in the coming year.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse:  Incrementally?
James E. Parisi:  Good point; we realized about $4 million of that off in 2008. And then, the line were seeing the most significant impact is I would say on the compensation line.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: The scenarios are helpful, but any thoughts on what kind of expense outlook would be if we stay at current volume levels, something closer to $9.5 million for the course of the year?
James E. Parisi:  Ive said on the expense guidance, but you can rest assured that were going to keep a very close eye on expenses and well be monitoring them throughout the year looking for opportunities to save.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse:  And then, given the amount of free cash the business model generates even at the current volume levels, it seems like to me I believe you can both de-lever and repurchase stock, in your assumptions how much cash flow are you holding back when you think about de-levering the balance sheet here?
James E. Parisi:  I cant give you a forecast on that, but with regard to the debt, remember we levered up and with the expectation that were going to be brining that down in rather short order and Ive made that point all along, rather short order down to one time. So, that is where our focus is. A piece of the financing is the bridge financing, it is a 364-day facility that was put in place at the time of the NYMEX close. So, at some point, we need to refinance that and well potentially bring that down somewhat as well. So, were very focused on managing the debt position at the moment.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse:  And then, I think I know the answer to this, but I guess previously the guidance had been that you would exhaust your billion dollar buyback program by year end 2009, are you still committing to that or is that now currently off the table because of the environment?
James E. Parisi:  I wouldnt say off the table, but it is less likely. Were just going to continue to monitor the environment and see how it plays out.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse:  Okay and then finally on this and not to beat it to death, but is there a level of the equity to where the tune kind of changes versus debt pay-down or is it simply just wanting to get your cap-debt to EBITA ratios down and then knock some of the stuff out?
James E. Parisi:  Im not going to peg out a level for you, were just going to continue to monitor the situation and make the best decisions that we can.
Operator:  Our next question will come from Michael Vinciquerra with BMO Capital Markets.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets:  Clearly, one of the places of strength has been at ClearPort, I was just wondering if you guys could share with us where the strength has been in terms of the volume, Ive heard its in the OTC oil, but may be you can provide us with a little bit more detail on that.
James E. Parisi:  As you say, ClearPort has been extremely strong for us in Q3, Q4 and also in Q1 so far. Where were seeing a lot of activity and ClearPort has actually been on the oil and petroleum side. Weve also seen, as Craig mentioned in his remarks, the start of power and thats been very very successful for us, which started in December. So, its been the oil side and now the power side is moving pretty dramatically. Weve seen, as Craig I think mentioned in his comments, very dramatic increases in the Brent contract on ClearPort. Craig gave the numbers early on, and in what weve seen is customers moving quickly to that product much faster than we even anticipated.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets:  Now, as you add new products to ClearPort, are there any issues with the way its structured in terms of, theres a default fund; as you add products, does it increase or decrease the risk of any of the current participants at all?
Phupinder S. Gill :  The default one will scale according to the risk that is taken on to the books of the firm that is going to clear all these things. So, the dynamic nature of the default fund is such that as the risk exposure of the firm goes up, so does the amount that the firm had to put into the guarantee fund.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets:  And then just finally back on the debt, James, what are the current rates in the two different pieces of the debt, and which one that you would be more likely to be paying down over the next year?
James E. Parisi:  The overall space rate is somewhere in the neighborhood of 4%, and as we look forward, weve got a maturity this year, a 1-year maturity of $250 million and then we also have flexibility obviously on the commercial paper side, and then weve got 3-year and 5-year maturities as well.
Operator:  Well go next to Mike Carrier with UBS.
Mike Carrier - UBS :  Just one question on the rate per contract, the mix shift in the product is relatively straightforward, but in terms of the customers, whats driving the increase in the non-members, is it certain products and then what customer group there is a more of a decline in members?
Craig S. Donohue: Weve been seeing an increase on the customer side of the business, whether its from people concerned to that counterparty risk moving into the exchange or as importantly is in these times people go to where liquidity is and people tend to go to the more standardized product because thats where liquidity is. So, weve seen people move both for kind of credit concern reasons and also just for straight-out liquidity.
Mike Carrier - UBS:  Okay, and then just away from ClearPort, if you look at your other growth opportunities in some of the international clients markets and also on the over-the-counter side whether its on the clearing or the transaction side, when you look over the next 2 years, which one do you think has the greater opportunity from where you stand today?
Craig S. Donohue:  I think its hard to pick one over the other. Obviously, as we mentioned earlier, I think the time is right for us to be increasingly successful with OTC clearing services. You can see how successful were being in ClearPort generally, and I should mention that were now getting into an array of products on ClearPort that gets very much outside of oil and gas swaps and power and what not. So, credit default swaps, interest rate swaps, I think these are all areas, we have plans for agricultural commodities swaps and for foreign exchange products as well, and I think that that will be significant for us over the coming 2-year time pricing that youre asking us about. At the same time, I think that the initiative that we have in Brazil and Korea and Dubai are significant. Weve got infrastructure that were putting in place. We have licensing arrangements. We have joint product development opportunities in all of those 3 cases that I think can be valuable for us. So, those for the next 2-year time pricing that youre asking about, I think itll be valuable to us.
Operator:  Well go next to Kenneth B. Worthington with J.P. Morgan.
Kenneth B. Worthington - J.P. Morgan:  I want to talk a little bit about the success youre having in the Brent OTC contract, and you indicated that the market share is going up; now, given market conditions, I would expect that, generally speaking, over the next couple of years wed see a migration from the OTC business to on-exchange, but it seems like in this product youre seeing the reverse happen, and I know it cleared, but why is the interest moving kind of away from the on-exchange to the over-the-counter product?
Craig S. Donohue:  I think it has to do still with kind of the changing nature of the customer base. A lot of that is coming from what I will call more commercial type users that are not as focused on turning over volumes on a rapid basis as opposed to say a hedge fund or a proprietary trading group. So, a lot of it in this case is an issue over credit and they want to put it on to the exchange and hold those positions in that way, theyre not as concerned about the execution of the trade.
Kenneth B. Worthington - J.P. Morgan:  And is there any read-through to the other products that you hope will go from a bilateral to OTC cleared and may be eventually on-exchange or is it just really kind of unique to agricultural and energy products here where the customer mix is different?
Craig S. Donohue:  I think there are consistencies across the over-the-counter market because when you think about the over-the-counter markets, theyre all bilaterally negotiated. So, the finer note in that is that it has really been on in any kind of platform to begin with because a lot of that is voice brokered or some is on some electronic systems, but its the clearing that when you think about has been a huge value-add the exchange can provide to the people used to dealing in the over-the-counter market.
Kenneth B. Worthington - J.P. Morgan:  And then, flushing out ClearPort a little bit more, youve got ethanol up and running, what is the outlook for the expansion beyond the energy products and are there particular classes that are going to be easier to move into ClearPort than others?
Craig S. Donohue:  You saw the ethanol swaps moving last Monday. I think its safe to say that an area that were particularly focused on there is in the agricultural area. I think we signaled that we filed several petitions with the CFTC to allow agricultural products to move on there, and a lot of the same type of corporates use agriculture products in the same way that they use energy products. So, thats an area well move as soon as we can get regulatory clearance on.
Kenneth B. Worthington - J.P. Morgan:  And then just lastly, on the interest rate swap side, LCH currently has a product, I dont know if you can share, but can you say what you would like to do in clearing of interest rate swaps with what LCH is currently doing?
Craig S. Donohue:  We should probably let LCH speak to what their offering is. If I can just speak to what we think about, we have to be a little less candid because we havent made some of these announcements yet, but a lot of that marketplace when you look at it revolves around IMM dated futures position specifically in the euro-dollar area. There are also products that are not to those dates. So, we hope to build some flexibility in our systems to provide kind of a pretty robust solution into that market.
Operator:  Well go next to Dan Fannon with Jefferies & Co.
Daniel T. Fannon - Jefferies & Co.:  Wanted to just clarify, following the SEC approval for your CDS platform, is there a next step where youll be able to be up and running thereafter?
Craig S. Donohue:  SEC will be the final regulatory approval that were waiting for. So, after that well be ready to begin offering services. Obviously, one of the things that we have to do is work with the user community to gain not just our own operational readiness which weve been working very hard on and is complete, but we have to be able to interface with the community of users that will be active with us, so that will be the next step, but regulatory approval wise, the SEC will be the final.
Daniel T. Fannon - Jefferies & Co.:  Okay and then shifting to your customer base and kind of the breakdown, wondering if any of the sub-sectors have shown any difference in activity or improvement thus far in January. Obviously we know that some of the volumes are still down in January, but are any of the sub-sectors acting differently than the way you described for the fourth quarter, and also as you kind of look out, which one of these segments do you think should start to see an improvement first or who will kind of lead to an increase in volumes?
Craig S. Donohue:  I think its hard to predict how 2009 will unfold but I think what you typically see in December numbers is kind of your proprietary trading group segment slowdown for kind of seasonal reasons. So, I think if you look at 2008, the fourth quarter trading from the prop groups is typically down a little bit and youll probably see that come back in January, but I want to caution that a lot of the customers and non-member folks that weve seen come in in the fourth quarter continue to be pretty robust users, and thats what is important as theyve come for the liquidity or for the credit intermediation, those type of customers tend to stay around and trade for a while.
James E. Parisi:  We mentioned earlier in the call that the proprietary trading segment volume was up 2%.
Operator:  Our next question will come from Robert Rutschow with Deutsche Bank Securities. 
Robert Rutschow - Deutsche Bank Securities:  First question was on ClearPort, can you give us a little bit more detail on what drove the increase in rate per contract, and Im wondering if with additional products being launched if we should expect possibly some pricing pressure on the RPCs going forward?
James E. Parisi:  I think on ClearPort you did see some post trade activity that had a higher rate per trade on it that helped with that rate. So, I think thats the key driver on the ClearPort RPC.
Craig S. Donohue:  One thing I would add is it really is a product mix issue because some of the products that weve launched recently are kind of lower RPC products because the product themselves are smaller. So, I think its difficult to just make some general statement about where RPC will go and I think it really depends on what the product mix looks like, and in ClearPort, unlike the futures business where products are all priced similarly within an asset class, theres a really high variance and in ClearPort between certain products. For example, some get a few cents and some actually get $15, so it depends on the size and the product.
Robert Rutschow - Deutsche Bank Securities:  Okay, If I can shift gears a little bit, weve talked about expenses quite a bit, but what Im wondering is exactly what have you guys budgeted in 2009 for speed improvements and for capacity expansion, and if we were to say, sort of a worse case scenario, like maybe Japanese rate contracts in the 90s or something, where your volumes went down, would you be able to redistribute horsepower internally to place this where its needed without spending as much overall on capacity expansion? And is it really a needle mover at all?
James E. Parisi: I think the capacity expansion is really more reflected in our CapEx spend and then to a lesser degree in the expense side, and on the CapEx we gave a range of $200 million to $225 million for the coming year, and included in that is significant build-out of our data center that weve been working on now, and so if order volumes were to pull back dramatically; remember that its orders that come through the system, not the volume, not the actual contract volumes, but order volumes that drive capacity; if orders were to crawl up dramatically, you can imagine that we might adjust our build-out of the data center. Well continue to monitor and were going to be very cautious on it, and keep in mind that the data center, were building up the infrastructure for it, and then internally all the computer systems and all that are very modular, well build out the computer systems as we need them.
Robert Rutschow - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. One other question; I see that you excluded the intangible amortization from your core number. Was there any impairment testing there done on CBOT or NYMEX, and is that possible in the future or likely?
Craig S. Donohue: The last part of the question was impairment on CBOT or NYMEX? We review that on a regular basis as we did for the end of the fourth quarter and we did not reach the conclusion that those were impaired. What was the question on the amortization?
Robert Rutschow - Deutsche Bank Securities: Really I guess, excluding the amortization isnt indicative, but did those impairments possible or likely?
Craig S. Donohue: Thats correct. 
Robert Rutschow - Deutsche Bank Securities: Is there a level of revenue or earnings where we would start to think about that?
James E. Parisi: I am not going to get into that sort of forecasting, but I think when you are talking about excluding the amortization, are you talking about the $5 million adjustment on the pro forma
Robert Rutschow - Deutsche Bank Securities: Right, yes?
James E. Parisi: That adjustment was, there is some very short-life intangible assets that are amortized and to make things comparable across all periods thats what was removed. It wasnt a write-off or anything like that. It was a pro forma adjustment.
Robert Rutschow - Deutsche Bank Securities: Can you also just give us a little bit more detail on CMA if that had any sort of impact this quarter from a revenue perspective or earnings?
James E. Parisi: I would say it was in line with prior quarters generally on a net basis. The business is steady there generating cash and income.
Operator: Well go next to Donald Fandetti with Citigroup.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup: Craig, just wanted to see if you are generally comfortable with what you see shaping up on the regulatory front and do you see any major changes?
Craig S. Donohue: Obviously thats an area where theres a lot of activity and a lot of discussion, and were very actively involved in not only understanding what people are talking about and looking at, but also very actively involved in helping make sure that people understand how well our industry and our exchange in central counterparty clearing, how it functioned during this time of economic crisis; I think generally speaking as were looking at a wide array of initiatives and studies, some by the government and some by the private sector, that its fair to say that the vast majority of the focus right now in legislation and regulation is on the problems in the housing markets, the mortgage finance process, the securitization arena, the problems with the rating agencies, and I think some of the systemic risk issues that have been posed by these very very large financial institutions that are either in some respects unregulated or lightly regulated, and the good news in that, if there is any, is that most of that really doesnt relate to what we do or many of the problems that we encounter werent really in the area of the Commodity Exchange Act, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the futures industry. You have to be vigilant on these things as we are, but I think that there is broad recognition and understanding that our markets are not really involved in most of those things that I was just talking about and to the contrary I think people actually recognize that weve been one of the best functioning parts of global financial markets during the course of the last year and the economic crisis.
Operator: Well go next to Brian Bedell with Bank of America.
Brian Bedell - Bank of America: A question for Rick; can you talk about to what degree new products created in the fourth quarter influenced volumes, and then if you can detail what your outlook in the fourth quarter of 09 would be, and youre not so much predicting volumes, but just talking about the products that are coming online in the first quarter, including January that youre particularly excited about?
Richard H. Redding: A lot of the new products development and a lot of the products we rolled out in the fourth quarter; we had a pretty emphasis in the second half of the year on ClearPort. I think youll see that continue in 2009. A lot of those ClearPort contracts are driven by our customers or channel partners in the IDB space and those products tend to get acceptance earlier and faster than trying to build the benchmark futures product has. As I have always said, building a benchmark futures product takes two or three years before you really know whether youll have an ongoing success. Thats why one of the things that we mentioned earlier, the PJM contracts that we launched, were extremely successful right off the bat, which was very encouraging to us to see what we can do with not only in the oil space and natural gas space, but also in the power space. We have launched some products to try to address some of the issues on the interest rate side. Again, we launched OIS futures and OIS options. We continue to think about how the interest rate game is changing. Also focused on treasury issuance and what may be coming there and thinking about the products along those lines.
Brian Bedell - Bank of America: How successful have the OIS futures and options been so far?
Richard H. Redding: Theyve been trading fairly well, but again, look at any new product; its difficult to move the bottomline for quite some time on any new product, so put that in perspective.
Brian Bedell - Bank of America: To what degree do you think lower volatility will impact; I know you mentioned in the past that the extreme volatility kept traders away, particularly in the early parts of the fourth quarter; are you seeing any relief on that front yet?
Richard H. Redding: We will just have to go market by market because some of the markets still have pretty extreme volatilities in them. What happens at those extreme volatility levels is that market makers are left comfortable providing a lot of size there, so they have to reduce the amount they put in the books. So, what you see in those extreme times is that the book actually gets smaller driving lesser volumes. We do see in some of the markets the volatility is reducing; youre starting to see the books rebuild, and we think over the longer term that becomes positive for volumes. We would almost have to talk product by product on each one to know what we see right now.
Brian Bedell - Bank of America: Just on one product, maybe, are you seeing any improvement underlying in interest rates yet?
Richard H. Redding: Its very different; I should go out of the curve, the volatility in the euro-dollar complex is still extremely high by any kind of historical measure and so there is still a lot of uncertainty around that market. Volatilities actually in the treasury markets are not that high. What youre seeing in almost every one of the treasury markets is kind of mid teens to upper teens in a lot of those. So, those are the ones that are really affected by the high volatilities. I think there are a lot of other factors in the treasury market that we need to work through. Obviously, issuance is going to be an issue throughout the year. I think some of the issues you saw in the fourth quarter in the repo market and treasury sales. The treasuries put a position paper out on that or making changes to the way sales happen in the cash treasuries which should help a lot of participants in the market because a lot of the participants in the treasury market at the end of the day are relative value traders, and in that situation its pretty hard to trade cash and futures strategies and head any of those spread levels that youve seen in the past directly.
Brian Bedell - Bank of America: If the Dow situation improves, that should help?
Richard H. Redding: Absolutely. Bring a lot of those relationships back into normalcy which should allow people to trade both cash treasuries and futures a lot more easily.
Brian Bedell - Bank of America: A question for either Craig or Rick; just on thinking about timing for the CDS platforms and the interest rate effort; clearly you know youve got to get the approval on the CDS and then connect to the broker dealers. Should we be thinking of that in our models as really something all in; youre starting in the second quarter assuming the SEC does come around and approve this in the next two or three weeks or so, and then should we be thinking of this also as CDI rather than a single name?
Craig S. Donohue: I think that theres not much more that we can say on that in terms of giving you a guidepost. Were not going to be doing this until we clear the regulatory process and thats not for us to determine. Ill just reiterate what I said before which is that weve been working very very well with the SEC. Theyve been very collaborative with us. I do believe that were at the advanced and final stages of the process with them, but ultimately its their determination when to grant the exemption order that were requesting. On the operational readiness side, again, this is a very big priority for us, and so weve been able to advance those efforts and you might remember even from late last year, we believe that were operationally prepared, but we will have a lot of work to do and as you can imagine many of the participants from the CDS market, and this isnt true just for CME group, this will be true for ICE Trust and other competitors as well. Youre dealing with a large number of institutions that have tremendous stresses in the organization right now including the stresses in the operations area of the firm. That remains to be determined. I wish I could give you a better answer to that, but its going to be highly dependant on the firms themselves, and so, well have to see.
Brian Bedell - Bank of America: Right, I was trying to get a sense on that, whether its based on several weeks or several months, but I guess like you said you really cant predict that given the stresses in your main customers, right?
Craig S. Donohue: Right, exactly.
Brian Bedell - Bank of America: Right, and then on the interest rate platform and interest rate swap clearing effort, that is more not as advanced, correct? So, should we be thinking of that as more like a second half?
James E. Parisi: A lot of the stresses that are on those same participants and markets are going to be there for them to do their systems on the interest rate side as well.
Brian Bedell - Bank of America: Just on expenses; on the second scenario there, where youve got the 11.2 million contracts, what are you assuming on the employee bonus on that, and if you cant be specific, should we think of that as something thats more like in the middle of the range or is the 11.2 million volume scenario at the 20% below the target area.
James E. Parisi: At 11.2 million, we would certainly be below target.
Brian Bedell - Bank of America: The expense philosophy a little bit; I know we talked a lot about this quite a few times, but if volumes are extremely weak, whats your philosophy in general about the gross initiatives that you have because obviously that will help a great deal if youre building connectivity and penetrating accounts globally, and so you have to make a decision; do we go ahead and spend ahead of the revenue here in the hopes of building revenue just to counter the macro backdrop or do you pull back and say, Okay, we are trying to meet EPS numbers and wed rather have lower expenses. Which camp would you tend to be in 2009?
Craig S. Donohue: Our focus is really on the long run. So, Id say wed be focused on the gross initiatives.
Brian Bedell - Bank of America: Lastly, on the subscribers; you mentioned that youre starting to see a downtick in January, any kind of indication of how significant that is, in terms of the number of terminals that your clients have?
James E. Parisi: We were actually referring to the fourth quarter. So, we have not provided any info on January at this point.
John C. Peschier: Thank you everybody for joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Operator: This does conclude our call. Wed like to thank everyone for their participation. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: John Peschier - Director of Investor Relations Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer James E. Parisi - Chief Financial Officer Rick Redding  Managing Director, Products and Services Kim Taylor  President, CME Clearing
Analysts: Analyst for Roger Freeman  Barclays Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Mike Carrier - UBS Robert Rutschow - Deutsche Bank Securities Christopher Allen - Banc of America Securities Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets Howard Chen - Credit Suisse Mark Lane - William Blair & Company Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs Edward Ditmire - Fox-Pitt Kelton
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CME Group third quarter earnings call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Peschier.
John Peschier: Thank you all for joining us. Craig Donohue, our CEO, and Jamie Parisi, our CFO, will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the third quarter. And then we will open up the call for your questions. Also joining us for participation in the Q&A session is Terry Duffy, our Executive Chairman; Rick Redding, our Head of Products and Services. We have Phupinder Gill and Kim Taylor calling in from New York.   Before they begin, I will read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the accompanying slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, which are available on the Investor Relations portion of the website. During this call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP pro forma results. A reconciliation is available in our press release, and there is an accompanying file on the Investor Relations portion of our site that provides detailed quarterly information on a GAAP and pro forma basis. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Craig.
Craig S. Donohue: Thank you for joining us this afternoon. The third quarter has seen many key developments in our business, including the completion of the NYMEX acquisition, record volumes in our equity and FX product lines, and the announcement of our CDS initiative, which will facilitate migration of existing CDS transactions to our clearing house, allow for submission of bilaterally-executed trades into clearing, and provide an optional electronic platform for execution and clearing of new CDS trades.  I will discuss each of these items in detail in a moment, but first I would like to share a few thoughts regarding the recent and unprecedented market turmoil. Throughout September and October tumultuous market conditions were driven in large part by concerns about counter-party credit risks. The ensuing upheaval in financial markets has affected us all and continues to prompt regulatory and legislative action from governments around the world. CME Groups proven risk management and financial safeguard techniques have allowed our markets to continue to operate above the fray of counter-party credit concerns. During September and October our markets remained deeply liquid, daily pay and collects took place on schedule and without incident, and has always been true over our 110 year history, no customers lost any money due to counter-party failure. What we are most proud of is that this is business as usual for us. Our markets, our clearing methodology, and our technology are designed for robust, seamless functionality during the most chaotic conditions imaginable. These systems are backed by management and staff with extensive experience and a deep commitment to principled, transparent, secure, and efficient markets. While we are pleased with our track record and historical performance, by no means do we feel complacent. We continue to look for ways to build on our proven strength and create value for our customers and our shareholders. I would like to now discuss our third quarter accomplishments and our future strategic plans.  First of all, we are very proud of the successful completion of the NYMEX acquisition on August 22. With the addition of NYMEX, which contributed $204.0 million in revenue on a pro forma basis in the third quarter, or 26% of total revenue, our already diverse product set now includes energy, metals, and the ClearPort over-the-counter clearing platform. The NYMEX CME Group combination offers many strategic benefits and we are very focused on executing on these benefits. To that end, NYMEX integration is well underway. We have been able to apply many lessons learned from our successful CBOT integration, which was completed ahead of our original schedule and which will achieve our $150.0 million annual synergy target on a run-rate basis by year end. We met an integration target last week when we communicated our staffing decisions to employees, which was an early step on our way to achieving $60.0 million a year in operating synergies. We are excited about the growth potential of NYMEXs energy and metals complexes and the ClearPort over-the-counter clearing platform when coupled with CME Groups established global capabilities and strategic momentum. We see tremendous opportunity in energy derivatives. To highlight, for 2007 energy was 72% of the Goldman Sachs Commodity Index, but global energy futures were only 6% of overall futures volume compared to commodities weighted at 18% of the index and comprising 9% of derivatives volume. We believe that energy is a globally significant product and we will be actively pursuing growth strategies for this important asset class. Another NYMEX asset that we are tremendously excited about is ClearPort, which shows considerable strategic capabilities. The platforms value is underscored by recent market events and we believe that market dynamics have aligned to drive increased usage of ClearPorts central counter-party clearing and swaps performance guarantee services. Customer recognition of the benefits of centralized clearing to reduce counter-party risk and multi-lateral netting to alleviate balance sheet constraints has never been higher. Besides year-over-year volume growth of 40% for the third quarter, we have seen a 25% increase in customer registrations year-to-date through September on the ClearPort platform. These statistics highlight the value of these services during market uncertainty. In addition to ClearPort, we have been working actively on other initiatives to bring security and soundness of CMEs proven clearing services to the OTC markets. The benefits of centralized clearing have never been more apparent. As the worlds largest derivatives clearing house and with a 110 year history of no defaults and no customer loss of funds due to a default, CME is ideally positioned to provide increased security and safety to those transacting in the over-the-counter markets. We maintain a financial safeguards package that at the end of the third quarter includes over $100.0 billion in posted collateral, nearly $10.0 billion of which is in excess of requirements, all protected by a proven 24/7 risk monitoring and financial safeguards capability. As an example of the scope of our clearing operations, our twice daily mark-to-market resulted in average daily pay and collects of nearly $5.0 billion in the third quarter.  As part of our over-the-counter initiatives we are excited to be rolling out our flexible and open credit default swaps initiative, which provides the benefits of central counter-party clearing and netting while supporting existing over-the-counter trading paradigms. The initiative will facilitate migration of existing CDS to our clearing house, allow for submission of bilaterally-executed trades into our clearing house, and provide an optional electronic platform for executions and clearing of new CDS trades.  We believe we are further advanced than our competitors in our operational readiness and preparedness to launch our services and like all of our competitors in this arena, we are subject to regulatory review and approval. As with any new product that we clear, we have devoted significant resources to determine the appropriate margining and risk management practices for credit default swaps. Since CDS margining techniques are an important consideration, I would like to make a few observations on our abilities and methodology. In 2007 CME cleared 2.3 billion contracts with notional value exceed one quadrillion dollars. The notional value of our open interest at the end of the third quarter was 35 trillion. The notional value of outstanding CDS contracts is estimated at 55 trillion to 64 trillion and it is important to note that those are gross figures which would be reduced significantly in a central counter-party clearing environment. These numbers speak to the scope and scale that CME brings as a clearing provider. As to risk management and margining methodology, we recognize that credit default swaps have some unique characteristics and we have developed a robust framework to ensure effective protection of customers. CME will apply our traditional time-tested risk management practices to CDS, including twice daily mark-to-market and daily margining. CDS will also be subject to enhanced risk management practices, including periodic default drills, account level profit and loss reviews, and CDS specific stress testing. We will be using a multi-factor model for margining which addresses seven unique risk factors, including several components of macroeconomic risks and liquidity risks, among others. Our clearing team has conducted extensive testing of sample CDS portfolios using these margining models with recent market events providing many worst-case scenarios against which to test. We are pleased that the results of these tests confirm our abilities to manage CDS risks through even the worst market conditions. Full details on margining methodology and the testing that we have conducted have been shared with the regulators. Beyond counter-party risk management, centralized clearing also provides balance sheet relief to CDS market participants from multi-lateral netting. We have been in active discussions with both the sell-side and buy-side market participants and believe that we will need to assess the various CDS offerings with many factors, many of which include financial safeguards, creditworthiness, clearing expertise, established track record, and operational readiness. As we have described above, our initiative offers several substantial benefits in each of these areas and addresses current issues in the market place. We have structured the offering to allow market participants the opportunity to be founding members and share an equity stake in the platform, as well as to benefit from certain market maker privileges. We are confident that our initiative has tremendous benefits for all market participants and look forward to launching the platform. Next, I would like to discuss our volume for the third quarter. Our diverse product set saw several key records during the third quarter, even as interest rate volumes were lower. October overall trading volume to date are trending approximately 15% higher than October of last year. On a pro forma basis third quarter average daily volume was 13.2 million contracts per day with multiple volume records across our diverse asset classes. Overall, volume was down 7% year-over-year, largely due to reduced activity in interest rate products, which I will address. Our interest rate products have seen impact due to the ongoing credit crisis and were down 25% year-over-year. There are many factors affecting interest rate volumes, including the de-coupling of LIBOR from Fed Funds, a trend to the shorter end of the yield curve in Treasury products, a slowdown in corporate debt origination, difficulties in the agency market, and a decrease in mortgage-related transactions. We continue to see these factors as essentially cyclical in nature.  Offsetting the effects of the interest rate products, however, was very strong third quarter performance in other asset classes. Our E-mini equity indexes averaged a record 3.6 million contracts per day, up 19% versus the prior year. FX products also have record quarterly volumes of 710,000 contracts per day, up 12% year-over-year. Additionally, we believe CMEs FX futures are gaining strength versus the over-the-counter FX markets and one data point we note in the third quarter is that our record average notional value of $97.0 billion per day was up 24% while EBS was up only 10%. We are pleased with these records, both as an indicator of the growth potential and strength of the individual asset classes and also as an indicator of the diversity and strength of our product base. NYMEX and COMEX also had outstanding volumes with NYMEX trading 1.8 million contracts per day during the third quarter, up 23%, and COMEX metals averaging 250,000 per day, up 66%. Finally, we cleared 492,000 contracts per day through the ClearPort over-the-counter clearing platform, up 40% compared with the third quarter of 2007. October to date ClearPort clearing has also been strong with average daily volumes up 54% versus last year. As we mentioned previously, this strong growth underscores the value of ClearPorts central counter-party clearing model, including its performance guarantee of over-the-counter swap transactions. Given the severity of the recent financial crisis, we recognize that certain potentially negative trends, including de-leveraging, hedge fund redemptions, and customer consolidation, are occurring. But we firmly believe that the forces causing these phenomena highlight the strengths of CMEs business model and the strategic opportunities on which we are well positioned to capitalize. First, I would like to discuss customer trends that we have observed to date. While it is difficult to classify our volumes by customer type, we have insight into certain firms that participate in special programs or which are clearing members and we can track their volumes closely.  We have noted in the past that bank proprietary trading has historically been 15% to 20% of average daily volumes and it remains within that range in the third quarter. While banks use our markets for many reasons, it is important to understand that a considerable amount of their transactions is hedging, related to their ongoing proprietary swap [ceiling] activities.  We also have insight into the volume of 25 hedge funds that are our largest hedge fund customers and we have seen their participation decrease only slightly from the first quarter to approximately 10% in the third quarter. This modest decline has been offset by increased participation by high-velocity proprietary trading organizations.  The volatility of the markets as well as the low carrying cost of trading strategies involving rapid moves in and out of the markets make conditions ideal for this style of trading. We have always noted the strength of our diversified product set as well as our diversified customer base and we look forward to working with them to bring our products and services to market. Diverse customers and diverse asset classes are a key element of our strong business model and there are additional positive factors that we see for the business in the coming months.  We continue to implement technology upgrades that provide speed and functionality enhancements for our customers. This coming weekend we will complete server upgrades for out interest rate match engines. These upgrades will allow for sizeable speed improvements and they will allow us to launch implied inter-commodity spreads for Treasury futures and swap futures in mid-November. This product should provide customer benefits including increased matching opportunities, concentrated liquidity, and reduced legging risks for customers. There are many secular factors that we believe create favorable long-term conditions for growth. Recognition of the need for risk management has never been greater. Exchange traded in cleared markets offer compelling value propositions compared to over-the-counter markets. Growth and interest from global customers continues. The next year should see an increase in Treasury issuance and increase the need to hedge Treasuries. These factors all contribute to growing world-wide demands for our markets. Finally, we have long recognized the security transparency and efficiencies that our exchange model could bring to the over-the-counter markets. The success of ClearPort demonstrates the markets desire for these services and we look forward to extending our capabilities into the credit default swaps and cleared interest rate swaps market.  We are also excited about our global progress to date, the opportunities we see in the global strategies we are pursuing, which I will discuss now. Our non-U.S. hours trading volume has remained at 17% for the third quarter and we see this as a positive reflecting the entrenched nature of the customers using Globex during non-U.S. hours. We have been working very diligently on our global marketing strategy following the NYMEX acquisition. We have been able to hire for several key global positions and have identified others that will be critical to the strategic cross-selling plans that we have in place. Additionally, we have been actively engaging CME management with NYMEX customers to foster those relationships. We are using customer feedback to further hone our cross-selling plans and our product innovation and will continue to develop globally compelling products. During the quarter we also made progress with our order routing agreement with BM&F. several ISPs have established connectivity while others continue to make progress. We have successfully routed some volume to BM&F and are working actively with them on additional components of strategy such as the roll out of the south-to-north order routing in Q4. We are pleased to announce our telecommunications hub in Brazil is now operational, bringing our total hubs to seven globally. Plans for a joint clearing structure are in place and we are pursuing required regulatory approvals to launch this. Finally, we are working closely together on a joint product development and as a first step we have shared settlement prices for select CME FX products in order to create better trading opportunities for BM&F currency pairs. We also continue to pursue long-term opportunities through strategic partnerships with exchanges around the world, such as KRX where we have an agreement to list possibly 200 futures on Globex and OSE where we have an MOU to jointly develop products and services. And finally through equity stakes, such as our investment in the Dubai Mercantile Exchange. To conclude, market events over the last year highlight the value of both our business model and our market model. Our market is well regulated and transparent with regard to participants and position reporting and provides a deep pool of centralized liquidity. Our central counter-party clearing services reduce systemic risk and benefit all market participants. Throughout extraordinary market turbulence CME Group has been one of the best functioning parts of the financial services markets. We believe recent events create tremendous strategic opportunities for CME Group and we intend to leverage our core strengths to actively pursue over-the-counter opportunities, global growth opportunities, and the expansion of our core business. With that, let me turn to call over to Jamie.
James E. Parisi: Despite the turmoil brought about by the credit crisis, CME Group turned in a solid financial performance. The third quarter was also a busy one from a financial perspective. We closed the NYMEX transaction, entered the debt markets, began our share buyback program in mid-September, completed the sale of the legacy CBOT metals business, and started winding down FXMarketSpace. Today I will go through the details of Q3 on a pro forma basis as if we owned NYMEX and CBOT for all periods considered. We have also posted a view of the quarter, including the NYMEX revenue expense and shares from August 25 forward on our website as I know some of you model the business that way. Finally, I will touch on a few of the non-core and merger-related items included in our GAAP statements. Let me start with the pro forma results. On a pro forma basis we generated $787.0 million in revenue for the quarter and $518.0 million of operating income. While average daily volumes were down 7% year-over-year, driven solely by interest rate volumes, a strong rate per contract in Q3 and disciplined expense management more than offset the cyclical volume decline.  The rate per contracts for the legacy CME business was $0.659, up 2% sequentially and up 6% versus Q3 2007. The primary mix drivers of the increase of the increase were a lower percentage of interest rate products and a slightly higher proportion of non-member activity. On the NYMEX side the average gross rate was $1.57, up 1% both sequentially and year-over-year, driven primarily by a larger percentage of trades cleared through ClearPort, a higher percentage of COMEX metals volume, and a higher percentage of non-member volume. Now turning to the quotation data fees. They were $92.0 million for the quarter, up 24% from Q3 2007. This increase is explained by the year-over-year price increase that went into effect at the beginning of this year and to a market data audit assessment in the current quarter totaling $4.0 million. At the end of the quarter we had approximately 437,000 users who subscribe for the base devices across CME, CBOT, and NYMEX products. I will now take a few minutes to review expenses. Total pro forma operating expenses were $269.0 million for Q3, down 3% both sequentially and versus Q3 last year. Our largest expense, compensation, was down about $1.0 million sequentially to $90.0 million. Our combined headcount at the end of Q3 stood at 2,337 people. We announced approximately 150 headcount reductions related to the NYMEX acquisition with the vast majority of reductions occurring in 2009.  Compared to Q3 2007 compensation expense is down 10%, driven by lower annual bonus estimate, lower earnings on deferred compensation, and synergies from our merger with the CBOT. Non-compensation expenses were down about $8.0 million sequentially, due primarily to the expiration of the CBOT electronic trading contract with Life. This was an important expense synergy which drove a reduction in the technology support, depreciation, and communication expense lines.  This savings was somewhat offset by increased marketing spend, primarily driven by our efforts to highlight the benefit of our centrally cleared model during a period when users are becoming justifiably concerned about the counter-party credit risk and capital efficiency. Looking forward we expect pro forma operating expenses for Q4 to come in at $270.0 million to $275.0 million. Q3 pro forma operating income was $518.0 million, resulting in an operating margin of 66%, up from 63% in both the prior quarter and the year-ago quarter. This was the second highest margin in the history of the combined company, which illustrates the operating leverage in the model even during periods when volume may be impacted by cyclical head winds. Within the third quarter non-operating expense category we had a few positive and a few negative impacts. On the positive side, we received a dividend of $9.0 million from BM&F which increased investment income, while within the securities lending area we accrued a $6.0 million loss due to an investment in a money fund that had Lehman exposure. Pro forma net income was $278.0 million and EPS was $4.13. For Q3 our pro forma effective tax rate was 43.3%. In Q4 and in 2009 we would expect an effective tax rate of between 41% and 42%. So basically, if you offset the quotation data fee, audit assessment, and BM&F dividend with the securities lending loss and the temporary increase in our effective rate, the pro forma EPS would have been a few cents higher. I know some of you did not have a full pro forma model. Instead you had NYMEX business included from August 25 through September 30. A view of the third quarter using that methodology is available in the historical Excel file on our website, but let me give you the highlights. Bringing in NYMEX volumes on August 25 resulted in average daily volume for Q3 of 12.2 million contracts. Pro forma revenue totaled $673.0 million. Operating expenses would have been $231.0 million with an operating margin of 66%, still the second highest quarterly margin ever. Net income would have been $245.0 million and EPS would have been $4.07 per share with share count at just above 60.0 million shares. There are a few items on the GAAP income statement that we have excluded from the pro forma view that I would like to mention. We are writing off our investment in FXMarketSpace, which you can see in the processing services, depreciation and equity and losses of unconsolidated subsidiaries line. In addition, we are impairing our original in Swapstream, which you see in other expense and depreciation. We have shifted our focus to more of a cleared-only solution and we are very actively meeting with dealers and buy-side clients. With respect to the ERP guarantee, there was an $8.0 million credit due to the proposed settlements between CBOE and CBOT members and we also had a $7.0 million gain in our BM&F currency hedge for the quarter. That hedge has been terminated as the counter party was a subsidiary of Lehman Brothers, who as you know, is in bankruptcy. Upon termination we retained possession of the cash collateral associated with the hedge. The cost to set up a new hedge is currently uneconomical so we continue to examine our options.  Turning to securities lending, NYMEX had a $25.0 million investment in the Sigma Fund, which is currently valued at $2.5 million. $16.0 million of this loss is recognized in CME statements while the remainder was recognized in NYMEXs pre-acquisition financials. We were well aware of the potential for this write-down when we completed the NYMEX transaction and accounted for this in our valuation work. Lastly, we revalued our deferred tax liabilities as a result of the merger and had a non-cash adjustment of $48.0 million in income taxes. Moving on to the balance sheet, as of September 30 we had $700.0 million of cash and marketable securities and total debt of $2.9 billion, resulting in a net debt position of approximately $2.2 billion.  With regard to our debt, we issued $1.3 billion of public debt with maturities of one, two, and five years and we have a three-year $420.0 million term bank loan. In addition, we currently have approximately $1.6 billion in commercial paper outstanding, which is backstopped by a three-year revolver and a 364-day bridge facility.  We have fixed the rate on our public debt, as well as on our term loan, and we currently expect to pay a blended rate of approximately 4% across all of our debt, including the amortization of all upfront fees. On the bridge, we are scheduled to pay a $6.4 million cash continuation fee in mid-November, based on our current structure, and we are currently working on various alternatives to replace the bridge on more favorable terms. If we replace the bridge we will avoid the $6.4 million duration fee and accelerate certain one-time upfront costs that have already been paid related to the bridge. This acceleration will result in additional interest expense of approximately $9.0 million in the fourth quarter.  Capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $40.0 million in the third quarter, driven by $37.0 million of technology investments, including $17.0 million of construction related to data centers. In Q4 we expect capex to range from $85.0 million to $95.0 million, primarily related to data center and staff space construction. Now turning to other matters, at the end of June we announced that our Board had authorized a share buyback program of up to $1.1 billion over the next 18 months. Through yesterday we have purchased approximately 284,000 shares of stock for a total of $100.0 million. So far in October we are averaging 12.7 million contracts per day, up approximately 15% compared to the full month of October last year. In summary, this was a busy quarter in which we met many challenges and continued to execute on our plans while turning in a solid financial performance. With that, we would now like to open up the call for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Analyst for Roger Freeman  Barclays.
Analyst for Roger Freeman  Barclays: The first question, I hate to harp on the volume issue, which obviously has been around for more than a year now, but you gave a lot of color on the interest rate side so Im hoping that you could just give a little more in terms of what you think are the biggest factors and what you would be looking for in terms of the normalization of that market. And then, related to that, there has been a lot of focus on the hedge fund community and you also gave a little bit of color there but with all the redemptions that they are probably facing, de-leveraging and so forth, maybe you can give us a little more clarity around how your hedge fund customers break down, how much of the volume they are and how much is really concentrated in the biggest guys, arguably the ones that maybe are better positioned, and maybe not so well positioned hedge funds out there.
Rick Redding: As far as the hedge funds are concerned, what we have seen in the market place is a lot of the smaller funds having difficult times and actually a number of them shutting down their operations. But I think it is important to note that those typically are not our customer base. Most of the hedge funds that are our customer base are in these larger hedge funds that are well established and are mostly in the global macro and multi-strategy areas. What we said was their volume was around 10% and that was, on a percentage basis, down very slightly from previous quarters. So as much talk as there is out there in the market about the health of the hedge funds, we have seen a very little change in their volumes over this year.  I think the bigger issue with the hedge funds is actually the lack of conviction a lot of them have in investment themes. So a lot of them are sitting on tremendous amounts of cash, both anticipating redemptions at the end of the year, but also when that gets out of the way, there seems to be an awful of cash that something is going to have been with it.  So that likely will be moved in one of the asset classes and this is a time where its very fortunate that we are in every asset class so we will be able to take advantage of whatever asset class they find or the asset classes they find attractive. A little more color on just kind of the overall volumes. As we said, with as much said with the banks and with a couple of banks going out of business or being merged out in the third quarter, they were still in that 15% to 20% of volume from the proprietary side. We essentially didnt see an aggregate change in their volumes. Obviously one or two of them went out of business but again, on the aggregate, there is still that same percentage. So theyre still utilizing our markets because quite honestly, these are some of the most liquid places that they can transact in because of all the dislocations in the markets. A little more color on the first part of your question is whats going on in the interest rate space. Craig laid that out pretty clearly that the short term part of the market, the rates have de-coupled, Fed Funds and LIBOR have de-coupled. Over the last few days youve seen that spread come in but its still at extremely high levels.  What you have also seen in the Treasury market is people trading on the shorter end of the curve. I think you see this in the cash market, you also see it in Europe as well. We are tracking with the overall market on the Treasury side. The other thing that I think you have to understand whats going on in this crisis is, the volatility in the short end of the market, volatility in Euro dollars, has just exploded. And I think that has caused a number of strategies that used to work in earlier parts of the year not to work during this crisis.  And the other thing that Craig mentioned was the Treasury issuance. Obviously with the government taking on all this debt, we see some opportunities that people will have to manage that debt going forward.
Analyst for Roger Freeman  Barclays: And just shifting gears a little bit to the CDS side, which obviously is a big focus right now as well, can you talk a little bit about the reception you have gotten from both the sell side and the buy side. I mean, you would argue that the market right now is dominated by 10 or 12 players so their support is very important. In particular can you talk about not only the reception but the concerns youve heard in particular from the sell side and how you have been addressing those?
Rick Redding: First of all there has been an awful lot of work done, not just by us by others as well, in a fairly short period of time, to try to bring solutions to the CDS market that include central counter-party clearing services. We have been working very extensively with the regulators on that as well as bringing our offering to market in terms of marketing to both the sell side and the buy side. And I would say that there is an awful lot of interest in discovery that people are doing right now to try to understand how these competing offerings will work, what the risk methodologies will be, whats the structure of the entity, whats the creditworthiness of it, how can they participate, etc. and I think that process is still reasonably early. We literally have people who are working very hard to get out and talk to the sell-side community as well as the buy side to help them understand those different issues. So its still early stages yet. I would say that there is a divergence of views among the sell side and the buy side on issues like product construction, breadths of solution. For example, should the products be limited to indexed products or should they extend to single-name, should they be Europe- and U.S.-based or more limited. Should there be an execution facility or only a clearing facility. So one of the things we are doing is talking to people and trying to gain input on that. I think also one of the key issues were finding as were out talking to many people on the buy side is whether a solution that doesnt include the buy side in the central counter-party clearing service is really effective in that obviously many of the buy-side participants are concerned not just about limiting systemic risks between and among the dealer community but also between the buy side, or the client segment of the market, and the dealer community. And that is certainly a key advantage that we provide. So I think the best answer is that we are working hard to try to make sure people understand our offering, understand the comparative differences between what we provide and what the other competitors in the market place will be providing. And were working hard to try to generate support for what were doing.
Analyst for Roger Freeman  Barclays: On the acquisition of the synergies, you have a lot of moving pieces obviously, so do you have a set number for the $150.0 million on the CBOT and the $60.0 million of NYMEX, how much of the expenses you have actually realized to date in the run rate?
James E. Parisi: Right now on the run rate we are at about $137.0 million in the third quarter and by year end we should be at the $150.0 million run rate for the Board of Trade synergies.  Its still very early in the game on the NYMEX synergies. We will realize those over the next 12 to 18 months and as you have seen we did announced the staff reductions of about 150.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Just a follow-up on the CDS. Just trying to understand whats the process here? Its very much in the press about the New York Fed. But what would you expect to come, what would be the best-case scenario, the process that could get you into business here, as you work with the regulators?
Craig S. Donohue: Its a good question but its difficult to answer in part because we cant speak for the regulators. What I think is fair to say is weve working for quite some time with the various regulators, which include the New York Fed, and the SEC and the CFTC, and we are trying to work through that process with them. Ultimately they will determine the time frame within which they will act on the various requests that we have in front of them. A lot of work and time has been put into this, not just by us, but by those regulators as well. And I know that they have a sense of wanting to see these solutions come to market as quickly as possible, subject to making sure that they have satisfied themselves on how these things will work. So I dont have a great answer for that. I mean, operationally we have already indicated that we are prepared very imminently to implement this. But it will require regulatory approval.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners: A month from the time that you talked about it would be about next week, am I correct?
Craig S. Donohue: Correct. And so its just a question now of getting the regulatory approvals that are necessary.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Our investors are definitely trying to sort out what is cyclical and what is secular and I appreciate the information on the customer mix. Do you see any secular changes here? Im hearing about the percentage mixes not changing between bank proprietary and hedge funds, but could we just have the coincidence where the secular changes are driving everybody down in the same percentages?
Craig S. Donohue: There is no algorithm we can give you on that, but I do think that many of the longer-term secular drivers of growth in the industry remain. We have increased volatility, increased uncertainty, and I think its fair to say increased need for risk management products, hedging, risk-transfer products. I think were still finding, in our own marketing and sales efforts, that theres increased sophistication among investors about how to use these products for a broad range of trading strategies that even go beyond hedging and infringement. And it is clear to us, anyway, that the globalization trend is continuing and that we will see tremendous growth in these markets on a global basis, certainly including emerging markets, over the course of the next decade. So I dont really see those things changing for the long run.
Rick Redding: And I think one thing that we did see in the third quarter and we continue to see is the high-velocity algorithmic guys actually increasing their activity. But that makes sense, in these high-volatility markets and also as peoples ability to hold positions for long periods of time has been affected by the credit crisis. So kind of all the things that you would expect to see, given the market conditions, we are seeing.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners: On the buyback, I do the math and it looks like the average purchase price per share was $352. Were you blacked out in October from purchasing your own shares?
Craig S. Donohue: Basically what weve done is weve put a plan in place shortly after we closed the NYMEX transaction and so that plan is in place and operating and theres aspects of that plan that are opportunistic in nature.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James: Curious if you can tell us about how do you think the decision making process is going to work as far as the CDS clearing offering, who do you think is going to be making the decision here? Is it the dealer community? Is it the regulators? Are they going to make it in conjunction? How do you think thats all going to work out?
Craig S. Donohue: I think its very difficult to speculate on that and I dont think we want to be presumptuous about what the regulatory community will ultimately decide. I think its fair to say that their interest is in helping address some of the risk issues that exist in the way the market is currently organized and functioning and it seems to us, anyway, that they are working well with everybody to try to facilitate their ability to bring these solutions to market. And we are expecting that that will be the case. There will be more than one competitor in this market, that we will be one of them. And that ultimately our success or failure will depend on whether the market participants find value in what were offering.
Patrick O'Shaughnessy - Raymond James: And a follow-up CDS question. How would you say that your CDS clearing offering would differentiate itself from some of the other offerings that some of our competitors are throwing out there? You have mentioned that you are probably farther along in the development process, but how else would you say that what you have is differentiated from what other people are suggesting?
Craig S. Donohue: Well, to speak to our virtues and without criticizing others, we certainly feel like we have tremendous financial capacity. I think if you looked at the amount of collateral that we hold on a daily basis, which exceeds $100.0 billion, the fact that we have a financial safeguards package worth $7.0 billion, the fact that we do daily pays and collects of approximately $5.0 billion, and the fact that we have been in this business for more than 110 years with a tremendous base of experience in dealing with volatile products and tumultuous market conditions, and I think an extraordinary reputation for risk management capabilities, I think thats a significant distinguishing factor. The other thing that I would say is that we have been aggressively working on this for quite a number of months and we are doing that prior to the time that we started to see the melt down in the financial sector and the defaults in the financial services sector and so that does provide us with some time to market advantages that are significant. We also have a very inclusive approach that we think is valuable not just to the sell side but to the buy side as well. And where the large buy-side participants in the credit defaults swaps market could participate and help reduce counter-party credit risks as between themselves and the dealer community in a way that I think our have not yet facilitated, we have a very strong reputation for neutrality and independence and establishing risk management policies and in making sure that the marks, if you will, as part of the valuation of exposures, are independent and objective.  And we also offer I think the most flexible solution in that we are providing for firstly a migration facility for existing gross exposures in the CDS market, we are contemplating allowing access to clearing-only services, where market participants can continue to transact bilaterally in the over-the-counter market but submit those exposure and trades to the clearing house for a central counter-party guarantee. And then lastly and I think very uniquely, we are also offering an execution platform, both the central limit order book for highly standardized indexed products as well as an RFP transaction platform for single-name products that many not normally be deeply liquid and subject to a high turnover or transaction frequency that could also be centrally cleared and that might enhance the liquidity in the market and improve price transparency but also improve the quality of the marks that the clearing house can use in properly determining the value of the exposure.  So I think we have a very, very strong advantage in all of those respects.
Operator: Your next question comes from Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: The open interest declining, Rick you guided us earlier in the year to say that historically that may have been a good precursor to volume but it looks back now and it looks like open interest peaking last year was a bit of a precursor to volumes slowing. Is there anything you can point to or anything you see in detail of open interest, a kind of place maybe its flattening out, or its a specific type of customer thats just pulled back with all the volatility or anything like that?
Rick Redding: I think one of the big areas of the decline had been in couple of the options products. Obviously the Euro dollar options being the biggest one. But you have seen some decline in open interest and other interest rate products but yet in other products you have seen actually increases in open interest.  So its a very mixed bag of whats going on out there right now. And a lot of it has to do with how the underlying markets are trading and whether theyre functioning properly more so than what the futures open interest is. So I do think you have to look at it on a product-by-product basis, I think you have to put it in context of whats going on in the market. So it is difficult to use those numbers because if you look at that as the sole factor just because theres so much else going on. If you look at them over a short period of time, they actually become negatively correlated. So were refining our forecasting on this as well but theres lots going on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Carrier  UBS.
Mike Carrier - UBS: Obviously the volume outlook is pretty challenging. It just feels like theres more head winds, not just for you, just for the overall industry. So when you look at budgeting for next year, versus like the past seven years, how do you look at the expense base, particularly given all the ongoing investments, with the possibility of having significant volume decline? I guess what Im just getting at is when you look at the expense base, ex the synergies, where could you pull back if we are in an environment where volumes are just going to be flat to down 10% or 20%?
James E. Parisi: Its a good question. Its certainly an area that we will be very focused on as we go through the budget process. We have been disciplined throughout our history on the expense side and we will continue to engender that. One of the things we will have to do is we will have to look to see what the cost benefit is of reducing certain expenses. You dont want to cut expenses that lead to growth down the line. So its somewhat of a balancing act there.  So its something we will look at through the budget process. Some of the areas which naturally move with volumes because volumes are tied to cash earnings, the bonus line would move, along with volumes and license fees are a variable expense so those move with volumes as well. We also have discretionary expenses that we would take a harder look at, probably in the marketing area or some of the expenses we use in prospecting. And then we would also look on the major capital spends.  But I think right now all is very well and we will just be very careful in our budgeting.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Rutschow - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Robert Rutschow - Deutsche Bank Securities: Following up on that question, can you tell us what your expectations are for next year in terms of volumes and what you are budgeting there?
James E. Parisi: No, we dont give out volume guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Allen - Banc of America Securities.
Christopher Allen - Banc of America Securities: Some of your customers have raised concerns that putting CDS positions on the clearing house would pose a risk to their capital. How do you answer that? And would it be necessary to raise additional capital to clear CDS contracts?
Craig S. Donohue: A couple of comments on that. First of all, there have only been a couple of people that have commented on that and they have done so in a kind of preliminary fashion, reacting just to people talking about what we are proposing to do. But I want to be careful to say that we have a risk committee which we will have a discussion with them about the risk modalities that we will use here for the credit defaults swaps market. We will also certainly have more substantive and detailed with our clearing member firms about the risk management protocols that will be used here. But suffice it to say that we have done a tremendous amount of work here. We have very specific protocols that we are going to be putting place that are unique to CDS. And so I think we will be able to satisfy and address those legitimate questions that people have once we have the opportunity to get into the specifics and the particulars of that. I think we have both Phupinder Gill and Kim Taylor on the phone in New York, both of whom run the clearing house and they may want to amplify on that.
Kim Taylor: I wanted to just add to what was said about the risk management protocols that are being applied to the credit product. One of the things that we looked at in considering whether it was appropriate to include these products in the existing financial safeguards package or whether it was more appropriate to establish a separate financial safeguards package was whether or not ultimately the risk profile that the financial safeguards package is exposed to would change significantly from the addition of the product. And what we found is that we were able to control for differences in the risk profiles that these products present with the specialized margining protocols that Craig mentioned and also some specialized suitability requirements for who would be allowed to participate in clearing these products.  So we think that we have adapted for the differences in the risk profile accordingly and that the pool of the financial safeguards does not face a significantly different risk profile than it faced before. Thats the important thing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Craig, you talked about you are pretty enthusiastic about whats going on with ClearPort right now. I noticed in the last couple of days you have introduced a number of new products on that platform. Can you talk about the outlook there? It seems like you think it is going to be one of the growth engines over the next couple of years.
Craig S. Donohue: We are really excited about ClearPort, certainly the more recent performance has been outstanding. We have also been, and I will ask Rick to comment because hes been particularly active in getting out and talking to the customer base that is using ClearPort, as well as the dealer/broker community.  I think there is a lot of enthusiasm for ClearPort and how it works. There is a lot of interest in expanding ClearPort beyond the current product set of primarily oil and gas swaps, a much broader range of product that people are interested in. We are seeing a significant increase in customer connectivity and registrations as well. One of the things that we are trying to do on an operational level as the consequence of integrating the two companies is try to reduce bottlenecks and constraints on bringing new product to market in a very timely fashion.  So all of that is very positive for us from a growth perspective.
Rick Redding: One of the things that we wanted to demonstrate to the market is we could get a number of those natural gas basis swaps out there, which we launched on Monday. And we looked to other products as well. I think NYMEX and COMEX had a number of products in the pipeline that we are moving forward to getting those into the market and all of these are what customers are asking us for.  And then the other area that Craig mentioned was expanding the product category and the asset classes that we could put on to ClearPort because I think ClearPort has been a hugely successful product but in this environment we are getting lots of clients talking about putting more assets on there because of the credit crisis. People are really attuned to credit risks right now and I think there are products such as agricultural products and metals that we can continue to roll out and those are very important for what people are looking for. I think you saw just the other day that weve now done as much volume on ClearPort in the energies on one day as we did in Globex, which is something weve never seen before. So this is heightened in customers minds. I think one of the things that Craig mentioned was the number of new people registering. But its also the type of entities that are coming onto ClearPort, too, ones that a year ago you never thought would have need for a central counter-party clearing mechanism and now theyre there and very thankful that this is being offered.
Operator: Your next question comes from Howard Chen - Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: A follow-up on the customer break down. Of those 25 major hedge funds that comprise 10% of the volume, could you provide a general sense of order breadth, i.e. opening versus closing of positions and if that breadth is disproportionately skewed in one direction in the other. And I guess more broadly, with all the increased worries of counter-party risk, is there any particular reason we havent seen a major end user become an active clearing member of the CME and execute and clear their own volumes? Is this of any interest to you?
Craig S. Donohue: Just to clarify your question, are you asking whether theres a difference in the open interest trend versus the volume trend for hedge funds?
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Right. Of that 25 major hedge funds that you broke out 10% of volume. I was just trying to get a sense, is there any evidence that thats a net closing out of position?
Rick Redding: Im interpreting your question as can we tell if people are liquidating to get out of the market. I think thats very difficult for us to see because a lot of these positions are offsetting other exposures that they have so you dont know if they are mitigating the risk that they have on or if they are exiting positions. Thats very difficult for us to see.
Craig S. Donohue: I would say that you have to remember, too, that a number of these larger hedge funds are more algorithmic proprietary trading operations and it doesnt appear to us that theres any trend like that, at least in terms of the significant volume contributors.
Rick Redding: In this environment what you tend to see is people doing these shorter-term strategies where a lot of them are literally getting closed out before the end of the day, so again, its very difficult for us to aggregate that up and give you a general trend.
Craig S. Donohue: On the second point, I do think there are a number of entities that are inactive clearing member firms currently that are examining the opportunities for them to become full self-clearing, active-clearing members of the exchange.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Lane - William Blair & Company.
Mark Lane - William Blair & Company: I understand that you have limited visibility into the types of customers that are trading, but beyond the bank proprietary trading group and the 25 large hedge funds, can you give any further insight or detail on the contribution from other users?
Rick Redding: I think one thing to pay attention to in this quarter, to give you some general feeling is, non-member volume as a percentage went up. So whether thats an asset manager or a pension plan, youre seeing a bigger percentage of that customer base coming on to exchange. That helped drive the RPC.
Craig S. Donohue: I think I understand your question to be can we give sort of a quantitative range or break down, percentage contribution from other customer segments. Thats extremely for us to do. We have special membership categories and fee programs that pertain to hedge funds, electronic proprietary trading groups and banks and when you start to get into the areas of asset management firms or insurance companies or mutual funds or pension and retirement systems, we just dont have membership categories or fee programs that allow us to really see that. And unfortunately we dont have a lot of visibility because were generally trading through the clearing member firm.
Mark Lane - William Blair & Company: Those were just those two categories where you have insight into.
Craig S. Donohue: I would say the bank proprietary trading, the hedge fund clearing, or corporate member and the inactive electronic proprietary trading group areas are the ones that we have the most visibility in. We, I think, shared with you today as much insight as we can on that.
Mark Lane - William Blair & Company: On the CDS are you dedicated, is your solution dedicated to a buy-side model with a central order book and electronic front end or if the market doesnt want that or you cant get enough dealer support, would you potentially go in a different direction?
Craig S. Donohue: I think that that is a key area that we want people to understand is the flexibility of our offering which is that it does not require that you trade on the platform in order to clear through a CME clearing house. You can continue to transact bilaterally in the over-the-counter market and submit that transaction to the central counter-party clearing system. So I think thats the most flexible of all worlds.  If the demand is simply for clearing, then we I think are the best positioned clearing provider. If there is interest, or if overtime the market evolves to one that involves more centralized execution with some degree of price transparency, either in indexes or single-names, then I think we are in a strong position to provide that equally. But its not necessary, its not required.
Operator: Your next question comes from Donald Fandetti  Citigroup.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup: A question about the algos. Its my understanding that they could contribute up to maybe 40% of volumes. How should we think about the risk of those entities? All of your customers have some type of risk. Can you talk a little about that and the concentration there?
Rick Redding: The algo guys can be the proprietary groups, they can be part of a bank proprietary desk, they can be some of the hedge funds. We kind of lump all those together. A lot of that, they do have very tight risk exposures, and unlike some of the longer term strategies that losses can accumulate, a lot of these things are very short-term oriented and a lot of them turn these things over many, many times a day.  So most of the exposure they have is literally in milliseconds, sometimes in seconds. So its usually a function of where the next tick is. I mean, if markets completely come unwound and theres no bid or offer out there, thats a problem. But you also have to understand, the markets they trade in tend to be the more liquid markets, because their type of trading, high-velocity strategies, do not work in markets where you have disjointed bid/ask spreads. So thats why they tend to gravitate in some of the larger asset classes. In the most liquid products.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup: And just to confirm, your hedge fund percentage 10% for Q3, is it fair to say thats carried through into October?
Rick Redding: We dont have that information yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets: There has been an acceleration in the fodder around the potential CFTC and SEC merger. Just wondering, is there risk to the existing set up of the exchange or would it just be on future products and ventures, in your estimation?
Craig S. Donohue: It is very difficult to speculate on those kinds of things. Were in an environment right now where many, many things could be talked about in terms of financial services markets and regulatory proposals and regulatory reforms. I just think its incredibly difficult to speculate on that. At an appropriate time, when people are not dealing with the exigencies of the current situation, I am sure there will be a very thoughtful discussion in Washington and in Congress about how all this should work. And I think we have a strong and principled position on those issues that we have articulated for many years. And I think its very clear that the CFTC has done a very good job. This has been, objectively speaking, the best functioning part of the overall financial markets. Weve had tremendous continued functioning of the market, deep liquidity, price transparency, no disruption, and safety and soundness. And the guarantee of the clearing house on every trade. So were standing in a good spot from that perspective.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets: Just so I understand, when you mention balance sheet reliefs in your CDS product, does that mean there is no new capitalization required in your clearing house, if you were to bolt on CDS? Is that basically the interpretation?
Kim Taylor: It doesnt mean that there is no need for additional funds, because our pool always scales automatically with increased exposure to the clearing house. So as the margin on deposit grows with our regular product or with the credit product the pool size of the guaranteed fund would automatically grow. In addition, with respect to the credit products, Craig talked quite a bit about the different margining protocols associated with those products and to a large extent what that results in is kind of a higher per unit margin deposit or margin requirement for a unit of credit, notional, as opposed to a unit of other product.  That will actually weight the pool over time more heavily toward contributions from those people holding credit-related exposures. What it does mean, though, is that you dont need to start from scratch and you dont need to reseed the pool, so if, lets say, the pool needed to be $2.0 billion, for example, to cover the risk exposure of a book of business that included the credit products, our pool is already at $1.7 billion so there is a significant efficiency in adding, diversifying the default risk, basically, that is covered under that pool. We would only need to increase the contribution by $300.0 million, whereas a provider starting from scratch in a startup clearing house would need to start from zero and raise the $2.0 billion.  So there is a significant advantage in a couple of ways. One is that the default profile of the clearing house is diversified and that is a better position for systemic risk protection than a default profile that is facing the clearing house that one-product, single-product oriented. It also, though, is a capital efficiency to the market participants who are participating in the clearing process because they get an efficiency from the capital that they have already put up to support the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: I was hoping you could spend a minute going through somewhat of a post mortem on FXMarketSpace. Im thinking back to when you launched it, and what youve learned from the experience of trying to enter this OTC market, having it not work, what you could have done different and how that sort of shapes what youre thinking about with regards to your CDS opportunity and thats more I guess specifically focused on the trading side rather than the clearing side.
Craig S. Donohue: I think one of the things that became apparent early with FXMarketSpace is that many of the market participants were actually looking for a solution that would provide efficiencies in terms of net settlement through the CLS system and ultimately the FXMarketSpace management took a conservative view on that and we continued to facilitate transactions on the platform that were centrally cleared, but that were settled through CLS on a gross versus a net basis. And that would have been, I think, an innovation that had we been able to get to some kind of a net settlement, that might have made a difference. Apart from that, I think the other lesson is one that was obvious from the beginning but always difficult to overcome and thats creating an entirely new kind of business and market model and processing model where you have business thats being done in a particular way and when you begin to centrally clear a spot for an exchange transaction, that has significant implications for the bank community in terms of their own systems capabilities. And that proved to be difficult in an environment where the banks are challenged in terms of their legacy systems and their development resources. And while we would like to try to hang in forever and ever and ever, we just werent able to get to where we wanted to go in the time that we wanted to get there. In terms of operational preparedness.
Operator: Your final question comes from Edward Ditmire - Fox-Pitt Kelton.
Edward Ditmire - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Given what youve studied and the existing over-the-counter market and credit term swaps, do you think users would have to post more margin or collateral under the CMA solution or less than what the status quo is?
Kim Taylor: Can you repeat the question?
Edward Ditmire - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Im assuming you have done extensive studies on the status quo over-the-counter market and credit default swaps. Can you tell us whether your system would require users to post more margin than they were posting in collateral under the status quo system? Or would it be lower amounts that they would have to post?
Kim Taylor: I think that on a participant-by-participant basis one of the problems that is facing the over-the-counter credit default swap market now is that collateral arrangements are kind of bespoke so there are different arrangements that apply to different counter parties, different arrangements that apply to different customers and so theres not a kind of disciplined, standardized approach to collateral requirements. And I think there is also a lack of transparency on the part of the customers, the dealers have the ability to basically change the margin requirements or the collateral requirements kind of at will.  So our approach to risk margining for these products is the same kind of conceptual approach that we have in all of our products, which is we are looking to do a risk-based portfolio-based approach to margining where we are looking to ensure that our margin covers what we consider to be the worst case loss the portfolio would suffer over the relevant time period that we would need to liquidate the position. So some of those elements are very different for credit products than they are for futures. I can answer your question kind of generally in that we have looked at our margin requirements with different market participants versus what they pay now and we have found in some cases they are slightly higher, and in some cases they are slightly lower. Theyre in the range of reasonability and I think that each participants experience might be slightly different depending on the bespoke nature the deal that they had.
Operator: I will turn the call over to Craig Donohue for closing remarks.
Craig S. Donohue: Thank you very much for joining us today. We look forward to being with you next quarter.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Peschier - Director of IR Craig S. Donohue - CEO James E. Parisi - Managing Director and CFO Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services
Analysts: Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P. Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Michael Carrier - UBS Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets Howard Chen - Credit Suisse Robert Rutschow - Deutsche Bank Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets, Llc
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CME Group Second Quarter Earnings Call. As a remainder, this call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you all for joining us. Craig Donohue, our CEO, and Jamie Parisi, our CFO will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the second quarter. And then we will open up the call for your questions. Terry Duffy, our Executive Chairman; Rick Redding, our Head of Products and Services and Kim Taylor, our Head of Clearing have also joined us this morning and will participate in the Q&A session. Before they begin, I will read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the accompanying slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-Q, which is available on the Investor Relations section of the CME Group website. During this call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP pro forma results. A reconciliation is available in our press release, and there is an accompanying file on the Investor Relations portion of the website that provides detailed quarterly information on a GAAP and pro forma basis. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Craig.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John, and thank you for joining us this morning. I am going to be covering several topics today. First, I'd like to provide some commentary on our second quarter results and then I would like to discuss some of current efforts within our core business, as well as our longer term growth initiatives. And finally, I would like to make a few comments regarding the NYMEX transaction. During the first half of 2008, volume growth was 20% compared to the prior year. While we have seen reduced activity in some product areas, which I will touch on, we're bolstered by strong volume activity in all other product areas. Over the long run, we believe derivatives exchanges with size and scale and product diversity will be best positioned for continued growth. We are pleased with trading activity in July thus far in what is a normally slower treading period and in a non-roll month, July volumes were averaging more than 12 million contracts per day, up about 1 million contracts per day from Q2. Total CME Group average daily volume for the second quarter was 11.1 million contracts, up 7% on a pro forma basis compared with the prior year. CME Group's diverse product base saw multiple records in the second quarter. We realized record FX volume in Q2 and June with record average notional value of $107 billion during June, up 35% from the prior year. CME FX is now firmly established as the second largest liquidity source in global FX market. In June, we achieved record commodities average daily volumes of 1.1 million contracts and strong equities volume growth of 19% versus the prior year. While we experienced double-digit growth rates in equities, FX and commodities, current market conditions stemming from the ongoing credit crisis have impacted certain interest rate trading strategies. We view this as a cyclical slowdown rather than a long-term issue. As we have discussed over the last few months, multiple factors have affected short-term interest rates and treasury products. For example, interest rate markets continue to reflect dislocations between Eurodollars and overnight rates, and as a consequence, Eurodollar options where down 26% in the second quarter, while Eurodollars futures were up 11%. The shorter end of the treasury yield curve has also been more active with two-year note futures up 13%, five-year note futures up 21%, but like Eurodollars options activity, both the 10 and 30-year treasury futures are down 23% and 21% respectively. This trend of greater activity in shorter term instruments versus longer term is also highly evident in both the cash treasury market, as well as other sovereign debt futures markets such as the Bund, Bobble [ph] and Shots [ph] at Deutsche Brse. Although these cyclical factors are affecting some interest rate product trading strategies, participation from core customers continues to be very much in line with historical average percentages, with bank at roughly 15% to 20% and buy side customers at approximately 80% to 85%. While macroeconomic factors remain out of our control, our main focus is on understanding the effects of those factors on our customers and toward that end, we are constantly looking at ways to innovate within all of our product lines and to expand our distribution and enhance the speed and functionality of our platform. CME has a number of new interest rate products in different stages of development that are specifically designed to meet customer needs in the current environment. Just yesterday we announced that CME cleared swaps, the first centrally cleared OTC interest rate swap to offer all market participants the balance sheet and operational efficiencies of futures will launch on September 2nd. We have also announced that applied intercommodity spreads for treasury futures and swap futures will launch on Globex in Q4. These new products and trading functionality will facilitate the execution of waited treasury curve spreads, as well as treasury versus swap spreads, involving intercommodity spreads between two, five and 10-year treasury note futures and 30-year treasury bond futures, as well as between five, ten and 30-year treasuries versus swap futures spreads. Options on Eurodollar futures calendar spreads designed to help market participants better manage risk exposures specifically tied to the slope of the Eurodollar rate curve will also be available in mid-August. Seven-year swap futures are planned for late September and in the first half of 2009, we expect to launch the treasury Eurodollar spreads referred to as TED spreads. Finally, we are currently planning to expand our Fed Funds product offering to potentially offer new trading opportunities for our clients and we will be providing more information about that in the very near future. In addition to planned product launches to capitalize on our core business and secular growth opportunities, we continue to focus on the fundamental growth drivers that, we believe, will provide ongoing value to our shareholders. We will pursue near-term value creation through mergers and acquisitions where appropriate and obviously we will continue to leverage our robust and scalable Globex platform to provide value-added transaction processing capabilities for strategic partners. Finally, we have multiple exciting long-term non-core growth opportunities that we're actively pursuing to meet customers' needs and strengthen our position in global exchange markets. Moving on to transaction processing, NYMEX transaction processing continues to rise with Q2 volumes up 46% from the period last year. Additionally, we have seen the NYMEX WTI contract capturing market share from the ICE WTI contract with ICE's market share of volume in July dropping from an average of 27% to 25% during the first half of the year. Additionally, we remain on track with our strategic partnership with BM&F with CME to BM&F order routing coming online in September. That will allow Globex participants to trade BM&F products with their existing Globex software and connectivity. And we will also be launching our new Sao Paulo Telecommunications Hub at that time. Following the initial phase implementation, then the BM&F to CME order routing will become available in October. CME's products and services team is working closely with BM&F team to educate customers prior to the upcoming launch. During the second quarter, we also had a number of joint customer events and meetings with CME customers related to be BM&F products and with customers in Brazil where we highlighted the availability of CME's broad suite of products through the BM&F to CME order routing connection. Next, I would like to take a moment to talk about how pleased and proud we are to have reached a number of very important milestones towards the successful completion of the NYMEX acquisition. On June 16th, The Department of Justice granted us clearance to proceed with the acquisition without conditions. In the mean time, during the second quarter, our integration team has made tremendous progress on our integration plans. On July 18th, CME Group and NYMEX Holdings, Inc. agreed to vest and final revised terms, which reflect our disciplined and yet pragmatic approach to successfully completing this transaction. On Monday, we filed the revised registration statement on Form S4, which was declared effective by the SEC and announced that we mailed a definitive joint proxy statement to shareholders of record as of the close of business on July 18, 2008. To reiterate the revised terms, we will maintain our original exchange ratio and cash consideration per share. We have increased the consideration payable to members to $750,000 proceed from the $612,000 proceed we had previously agreed to while permitting the 816 NYMEX members to retain their core trading and membership leasing rights, similar to CME and CBOT members. Importantly, the revenue sharing rights contained in Section 311(G) of the NYMEX bylaws will be eliminated as provided for in our earlier agreement. Additionally and based upon feedback from both NYMEX's leadership and the NYMEX community, we have revised our agreement so that CME has committed to maintain the trading floor in New York through 2012 regardless of profitability, and thereafter so long as the profitability and revenue thresholds in our original agreement are met. We have also committed that NYMEX members will receive differentiated lower pricing versus non-members on existing products for so long as CME and CBOT members receive such differentiated pricing in CME and CBOT products. This also reflects the pricing strategy that we have employed successfully at CME and CBOT for many-many decades. In addition, the NYMEX senior management team has agreed to reduce their severance benefits and obtain savings with respect to other merger costs by approximately $30 million. Therefore, the net increase from CME amounts to $82 million in cash, which includes the increased consideration. We have consistently stated that we will be disciplined in this transaction and this adjustment is certainly consistent with our message to our own shareholders. Finally, as part of our revised offer for NYMEX, we amended our existent ASP agreement to defer the mutual early termination right by one year until the sixth versus the fifth anniversary of the original agreement and we extended the term of our original ten-year transaction processing agreement by an additional two years from 2016 until 2018. As we have highlighted before, the strategic benefits of this deal includes the diversification of our product offering, enhanced OTC opportunities for the combined company, and the opportunity to leverage CME Group's size and scale to achieve higher growth rates in both NYMEX and COMEX products. The deal is also financially compelling with approximately $60 million of expected cost synergies and additional potential growth opportunities. In particular, we believe the combined company will be well positioned to continue to capitalize on the global derivatives growth trend. CME Group and NYMEX have each been developing significant new joint ventures and commercial relationships on a global basis, enhancing our ability, as a combined company, to jointly market and cross-sell our diverse products across an even broader customer base around the globe. While CME Group has been active in the U.S., Europe, Latin America and Asia, NYMEX has been actively pursuing growth in the U.S., European and Middle Eastern markets. This combination of CME Group and NYMEX will also provide direct benefits to our highly valued customers and clearing member firms. Customers will benefit from simplified and streamlined access to a more diverse set of highly liquid products. Our clearing member firms will also realize direct benefits through reduced costs associated with the combination of clearing operations and other operational and development savings. Additionally, our clearing member firms will benefit significantly from combined shareholder requirements that will reduce the number of equity shares needed to maintain clearing privileges. We have scheduled the shareholder and NYMEX member votes for August 18th. Assuming a favorable outcome, the transaction would close shortly thereafter. And based on the feedback that we are getting, we believe that we will be able to successfully complete this transaction, thereby realizing significant new cost synergies and facilitating substantial new revenue and growth opportunities for our combined shareholders. With that, let me turn the call over to Jamie.
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Craig. I am happy to report that CME Group posted another solid quarter financially. The GAAP results for the second quarter were outlined in detail in the press release. In summary, we delivered net income of $201 million or $3.67 per share. Included within these results were $6.7 million of CBOT merger-related operating expenses, $13.2 million of costs related primarily to changes in the fair value of the company's FX hedge associated with our investment in BM&FBOVESPA and a $3.6 million increased in non-operating expense related to the CBOE ERP guarantee. We provided a reconciliation between GAAP and pro forma results in the back of the press release. And we have also posted both GAAP and pro forma historical quarterly income statements on our website. As I move on to the details of the income statement, please note that the comparisons I reference are based on the pro forma results. Our total pro forma revenue rose 10% to $563 million in the second quarter. Average daily volume was up 7%, led by strong equity volume and record FX volume, each of which were up over 25% versus last year. At the same time, the average rate per contract was up 1.4% to $0.648 in Q2 and up from $0.63 in the first quarter of 2008. The sequential increase was due primarily to a higher non-member mix. Additionally, FX and commodities volume grew faster than other products, positively impacting the product mix. Quotation data fees were $60 million for the quarter, up 23% from Q2 of '07 due in part to the addition of CME revenue to this line, and to the $5 per terminal price increase instituted this year. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately 293,000 users subscribed for the base devices, down approximately 6,000 compared to last quarter. Our second quarter processing services revenue was $19 million, up 32% versus last year and up 2% from the first quarter. In Q2 '08 NYMEX volume on CME Globex averaged over 1 million contracts per day, up 46% from last year, and the related revenue totaled $18 million, which averaged $0.27 per contract. I will now take a few minutes to review expenses. Total pro forma operating expenses for Q2 were $213 million, up 1% versus Q2 last year and slightly lower sequentially despite the addition of expense related to our acquisition of CMA. Expenses came in below the guidance we had previously provided for the second quarter. The primary drivers of the positive variance relative to guidance were approximately $2 million of one-time benefits during the quarter, primarily in the legal and technology expense lines, lower than expected deferred compensation in Q2 due to declining equity markets in June, and a reduction of discretionary expenses during the quarter. We mentioned in our second quarter volume release that in the third and fourth quarters of 2008 we expect to realize merger-related synergies associated with expiration of the e-cbot trading platform contract, which will reduce expenses by approximately $8 million per quarter. Additionally, we currently expect full year 2008 pro forma operating expenses to be closer to the bottom end of the previously stated guidance range of $855 million to $870 million, excluding our pending acquisition of NYMEX. Partially offsetting the savings from the expiration of the e-cbot platform contract are the following: Increased depreciation related to higher CapEx in the second half of the year, which I will discuss in greater detail; the full impact of our June stock options grant in the second half; and the higher marketing expenses. As we mentioned last quarter, we also intend to continue adding staff in order to execute on our global and OTC strategies. Total compensation-related expense was down $3 million compared to Q2 of 2007 and remained relatively constant compared with the first quarter of this year, totaling $74 million. There are three components of this expense: salaries and benefits, bonus and stock-based compensation. Salaries and benefits totaled $58 million, up $1.7 million sequentially. As of June 30th, the CME Group headcount stood at 1,950, down 40 since the end of the first quarter. Next, our employee bonus accrual totaled $8.6 million, which was $1.6 million lower than Q1. And finally, the stock-based portion of our compensation was $6.6 million, which was up $250,000 relative to the prior quarter due to our annul grant in mid-June. Operating margin was 62% on a pro forma basis, up from 59% in Q2 2007. Non-operating income was down in Q2 versus Q1. This resulted primarily from the suspension of the securities lending program during the entire second quarter, as well as lower rates of return on invested funds. We made a discussion to reinstate the securities lending program on July 7th, and are currently participating on a limited basis. As a reminder, we also stated in our second quarter volume release that are pro forma results for the first and second quarters, as well going forward exclude the impact of our FX hedge related to our BM&FBOVESPA investment. We are excluding this because the offsetting impact of changes in the value of the underlying investment due to FX fluctuations do not flow through income statement. Year-to-date, these change more than offset the impact of the hedge. Looking back, excluding the $2.2 million impact of our hedge in the first quarter would have increase Q1 pro forma diluted EPS by about $0.03. Our pro forma pretax income was $357 million in Q2, up 10% from the second quarter last year. Net income for the quarter was up 11% at $215 million and diluted pro forma EPS was up 12% to $3.93. Moving on to the balance sheet, as of June 30th, we had $1.2 billion of cash and marketable securities and short-term debt of $165 million, resulting in a net cash position of approximately $1.0 billion. Cash earnings from the quarter totaled $207 million. Capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $44 million in the second quarter, driven by $36 million of technology investments including $30 million of construction related to data centers. The remainder of this spend was for construction related to staff space and merger integration efforts. Year-to-date, our capital expenditures totaled $77 million and we still expect capital expenditures in 2008 to total $225 million to $235 million. Our spending in the second half will include efforts to enhance the speed, functionality and capacity of our Globex platform, the ongoing build-out of our new data center, and construction at our various locations. So far in July, we are averaging 12 million contracts per day, up approximately 7% compared to the full month of July last year. Now turning to other matters, at the end of June, we announced that our Board had authorized a share buyback program of up to $1.1 billion over the next 18 months. We have been restricted from purchasing our shares due to our normal earnings blackout, and we are currently restricted based on mailing our revised proxy. However, we expect to begin the buyback following the close of the NYMEX transaction. In addition, we intend to declare a special dividend of $5 per share following the resolution of the NYMEX transaction, which would be paid to CME Group shareholders regardless of the outcome. Our new capital structure initiatives reflect the high operating efficiency and relatively low capital requirements inherent in our business model. Finally, as an update on financing the NYMEX transaction, I am pleased to announce we've received committed financing from Bank of America and UBS totaling $3.2 billion, providing us the financing necessary to complete the merger. Additionally, we have been working closely with the rating agencies and have received a counterparty credit rating of AA from S&P and a reaffirmation of our short-term ratings from both S&P and Moody of A1-plus and B1 respectively. These ratings take into account the effects of the NYMEX transaction. With that, we would now like to open up the call for your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. We will go ahead and take our first question from Roger Freeman with Lehman Brothers.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. It's actually Alex Grant [ph] for Roger. So, first off, thanks for the updated thoughts on the market environment and delevering, I was hoping that you could perhaps give a little more detail on all the different areas that are having impact in percent... perhaps how much are they having impact in terms of deleveraging maybe either higher volatility in interest rate, maybe some money flowing out of hedge funds and of the options markets in terms of the volatility, and also in terms of the volatility, could you perhaps contrast the equities sector which is obviously seeing a lot of the benefit from the higher volatility versus interest rates where you are not really seeing any benefits?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: I think there is... this is Rick. There is a number of questions in here and let me just start by talking to the overall environment. I mean, obviously you saw from our results that in June in particular, the equities and FX volumes are extremely strong along with our commodities area. The... those volumes continue to perform very well and those markets are functioning quite well. The places in the interest rate area that have been weaker for us have been the Eurodollar options, the 10 and the 30-year treasury futures. In contrast to that, the Eurodollar futures actually have been fairly strong, and the 10 and 30-year options have held up pretty well in that environment too. So, let me talk a little bit about the environment and what we see in talking to our customer base. On the Eurodollar options side, the volatility has spiked kind of at historical... in an historical perspective, it is at record level or has been at record levels. Eurodollar volatility was about 14% in March. It spiked to over 50%, it came down in kind of the May period and spiked again in late June, early July. Implied volatilities in Eurodollars are over 36% now, these are extremely high levels. A lot of the trading strategies that the hedge funds and some of the banks put on in the environment where Eurodollar volatility was lower just have not worked in this higher volatility environment. That coupled with the spread between fed funds and LIBOR, which is blown out to about 75 basis points made some of these trades very unfavorable to some our players. On the longer end of the curve, when we are talking about the 10-year and 30-year treasuries, as Craig mentioned in his remarks, a lot of the futures volume is exactly what we're seeing in the cash market. For the cash market for 10-year and 30-year treasuries, those volumes are down as well. You also see the same thing in Europe, as Craig mentioned, with the Bund [ph] volume at Deutsche Brse. In this credit crisis what you have seen is people run to the shorter end of the curve and you do see that reflected in the 30% increase in two-year futures volume and the 20 plus percent increase of volume in the five-year treasury futures. So this is very consistent with what's going in the macro environment. That continues to be of interest to all of us. These tend to be cyclical factors. We don't have a crystal ball on when those change, but I think the whole market is looking for the financial services companies to show some signs of recovering. I think you will see the fed funds and LIBOR spread come in once people have more faith in some of the banking institutions and that will provide for a more normal environment.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Now, do you see any sort of ripple effect that maybe because some of your clients, maybe more the fundamental clients are less engaging than the black box guys cannot really interact with the lower order flow or is it really just a couple of areas that are not really helping out right now, but it doesn't really affect the other issues? For example like if there is lower options activity that drives lower futures activity as well because the futures trade just related to those option strategy?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: In general, that's correct, but as we mentioned, the Eurodollar futures volume is up about 11%. So it's doing pretty well on its own, but obviously options volume would help drive further growth there. But to your point, we don't see this across all our asset classes. But in fact, you see extremely good volumes on the equities and FX and commodity side. So this is not some general shrinking of the balance sheet across the board in all the asset classes. And I think you've seen in the energy market strong volumes there as well. So this is very much related to a couple of areas in the interest rate products and we are seeing very strong growth in our other areas.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, good. Just moving on to the CBOT integration, I don't know if I missed that in prepared remarks, but did you actually give a number of annualized realization so far? I think it was $87 million last quarter.
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: We're still on track as... we are still on track to hit the run rate by the end of the year through the second half for the year, our, I should say, the total amount that we will realize in synergies for 2008 is around $100 million, similar to where we were in the last earnings call.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then lastly and I'll jump back in. You I think mentioned that the quote users came down by about 6,000 sequentially. Is that more on the bank side or do you see that on the buy side as well, any additional color on that end?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: We don't have view all the way down to the end... down to the end user customers; they come through the quote vent. We do know that some of that decrease is tied to implementing enterprise-wide license agreements as on the CBOT.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks very much.
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: Good morning, guys.
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Rich.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Rich.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: Just one quick follow-up on the interest rates for Rick. You talked about the mix being the same across the entire complex. I guess two quick... on the interest rate, is the mix the same for the interest rate complex? And I see you adding new products like the speared... the TED spread. Like which do you think... which if you were a betting [ph] guy, would you see a recovery in the long-end futures or would you see your new products contributing more before you think that recovery will happen?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: Yes, Rich, there is a lot of questions in there as well. So let me take them kind of one at a time. Let's take the last one first, if I may. We don't have a crystal ball as to what the economic environment will look like. I mean, I think a lot of that depends on the factors affecting the banks and the investment banks and just the overall credit environment. There is a number of things going on that we are working on very hard while this crisis is happening and that is coming up with new products, also using our technology to make trading more efficient. And that is trying to put some of these spread products up, trying to think about next year putting up some TED spread type things and make trading more efficient, because we have seen over time, as we improve the efficiency of the execution, it makes more opportunities available for people in the market. I mean, this is a fairly complex issue on what's going on in volume, because if you actually look at the Eurodollar future volume, you are seeing a lot of the activity is actually in kind of what we call packs and bundles, and some of these trades further... a little further out than in the front months, where I think people are kind of refocusing their efforts on what the interest rate environment will be a year or two years out. So this will continue to evolve over time and as the macro climate changes, I mean, even within the last three or four months, we've seen the macro climate change pretty dramatically. Just think about when people were thinking about rates were going to go up at the end of the year and it was 100% built into the fed funds contract. To your first question, Rich, talking about the percentage mixture, when you go across all the kind of categories of our users, you really haven't seen much change Q1 to Q2. The numbers percentage-wise are almost identical. So we're not seeing some fundamental wholesale bailing out of the market by any one group of activity. It's the macro climate that we are in that are affecting all trades.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: Okay. And I guess my one follow-up would be for Craig, get the... you started to enter the OTC business with the cleared swaps. Just a little bit more color on what your view for the rollout there, and then an update on CDS because I know the banks have kind of come up with the solution that keeps it centrally cleared, but not exchange listed. What your feelings are for CDS as well?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Alright. Well, on the first topic, Rich, I think the response from the market has been very positive. As we have been talking to the people about the value of the cleared swap, we have been impressed by the interest level that we have. So we are hopeful that that will be successful. As you know, I think everything that we try to do in the over-the-counter market is something that takes time. But... so we will see, but we are happy to be launching and we do think that the reception from the customer base so far has been very positive. On the CDS effort, we've mentioned publicly that we are looking very aggressively at ways in which we can structure solutions to enhance the marketplace which could include both execution as well as clearing services. We think the CME Clearing House in particular is very well position for that. Given the critical math of activity that we currently enjoy in listed derivatives and all of the different asset classes, we obviously have a very robust clearing solution, very high reputation for integrity and independence and neutrality, and certainly we think time to market advantages as well given that the Clearing House is already operating well capitalized and just in a strong position. So we are working aggressively with market participants on both the buy side and the sell side, and certainly working with the regulatory community as well to try to structure an offering that will allow us to be a solutions provider in the credit default swaps market.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: Okay. I am assuming you didn't mention CMA, but I am sure that that's integral to your efforts there.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think CMA is very useful. Obviously, part of what we had in mind in terms of that acquisition apart from the fact that we think that it's just a strong company with good growth prospects is that they play a critical role in the credit default swaps market. They have a lot of very good strong customer relationships, then the quality of the data and the pricing information is extremely valuable to whatever we might choose to do in the space.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: Okay, thanks guys. I will get back in the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Niamh Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Good morning, thanks for taking my questions. If I could just follow up on NYMEX, Craig, one of your final comments that related to feedback you are getting about the revised terms of the deal that you felt positive. Can you expand a little bit on that?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean, there is not a lot more to say other than just obviously we have a lot of connections points with the NYMEX community. I know that both Terry and I have received a number of calls since the time that we announced the revised agreement indicating strong support for the revised agreement, and I think we have done a good job working with the NYMEX leadership to respond to the comments and the feedback that we were getting from the NYMEX community. And I think that's resulting in a good base of support for what we're tying to do.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, that's helpful, thank you. And then with regard to NYMEX, I mean, there has just been a slew of Washington-related headlines regarding derivatives trading that's really caused a lot of consternation for exchange investors. What part of the NYMEX stream... revenue stream might be impacted by some changes here or how did it impact your decision making process and your thoughts on kind of revising the valuation terms?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean, certainly we have factored into what we have now done the overall environment, but I have to say that at the end of the day, if you look at most of the bill language and the legislative activity, the thrust of almost all of it is toward enhancing the transparency and regulation in the energy market in a fashion that I think is already very consistent with not only CME Group's core business model, but NYMEX's as well. For example, NYMEX is obviously a fully transparent, fully regulated, designated contract market, already subject to the complete regulation and oversight of the commodity futures trading commission. They have position limits or position accountability requirements, large trader reporting requirements and hedge exemption processes. And so, if you look at the legislation on balance, it's mostly targeted toward the exempt commercial markets, or the foreign boards of trade, on which they might be trading either exact substitutes or near identical substitutes of, say, for example, the WTI crude oil contract. And essentially, the legislation is attempting to sort of cure some of the deficiencies in those markets, or perceived efficiency where they may not have large trader reporting or position limits or other regulatory conventions that allow regulators, including self regulators, to have insight into the level of activity that market participants have in a given contract. So we're comfortable with where that stands. I think importantly, it seems for the moment anyway that nobody is very strongly focused on margin requirements. I think people have understood that margins are really essentially a risk management tool and a financial safe guards tool for the functioning of the clearing house and not a tool for manipulating people's trading activity in the market.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay. That's helpful color. Thanks. So basically, I mean, you didn't entirely change our outlook on the valuation. I guess that the terms didn't change. If I could just go back to Rick, sorry to keep bugging you on the interest rate stuff, but I noticed that the pit volume has really declined and I know that's more so the options. Is that again just a spike in the volatility? I am just trying to get a sense of maybe whether we are kind of looking at that may be bottoming soon and the drag on the growth might be alleviated going forward?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: Most of that pit volume is... what you are talking about is in the reduction of Eurodollar options. It's almost mostly related to that. And that is the volatility question on... and what we just talked about.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, thanks. And then just last real quick, on the credit derivatives subject, I guess you competitor ICE announced an acquisition of an inter-dealer broker in the credit derivatives space this past quarter. Is that an avenue we might expect CME to pursue also for growth into that product area?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Niamh, it's Craig. I think that that's not really where we're focused. I mentioned that we're working with customers involved in the market, both on the buy side and the sell side. And without being critical of ICE in any way, our preference is to try to work directly with market participants rather than at least in this area through another intermediary.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Carrier with UBS.
Michael Carrier - UBS: Thanks. Just a question on some of the new product initiatives and maybe this is for Rick, if you look at whether it's the cleared swaps that you announced and just some of the other ones you announced earlier in the call, just trying to get a sense. Seems like there has been a lot of product innovation and how much is it being driven on the clients side where you... before you actually even have the product, you can kind of get a sense of what you expect in terms of volumes or demand versus I think you were mentioning that a lot of these products increased efficiencies in the market and then that should have a follow-on effect of volumes?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: Yes, there is kind of two levels there: one is using the technology and using some business changes to drive incremental volume and the other is more traditional product development. I mean, obviously, as the economic forces change, it allows exchanges and people to look at the market and begin to innovate to meet the needs of what's going on. I mean, as the credit crisis has happened, it's actually... we've looked at a bunch of new products and, as Craig mentioned, we're launching several of those in the second half of the year. And a lot of that's driven by the changing conditions and what we hear from our end clients as to what's needed in the marketplace. I mean, obviously, the credit crisis has made people really sensitive to the credit guarantee of our clearing house and the importance of that. And also from a capital savings standpoint is ability to net positions down from that CCP [ph].
Michael Carrier - UBS: Okay. Is it in a particular client segment where you're seeing the demand, let's just say, for the cleared swaps? And then do you have any type of, like, fee on these products?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: We are seeing it across a number of segments on the buy side, whether it be from kind of the traditional loan-only players or hedge funds or on the prop groups. I mean, a lot of things like cleared swap, because you are putting it into an exchange model, you don't have to have the ISDA agreements on all the things that makes it difficult for a number of those kind of prop groups to trade the product. So there is really different needs from the buy side that are being met with these different products.
Michael Carrier - UBS: Okay. And just a follow up on the regulatory or the political front, particularly you guys mentioned in regards the oil markets in your view there, is there anything else? There's some talk on the OTC market in the soft [ph] agriculture getting some clearing in there, and then also just on the clearing on the OTC market, but just wanted to get your view, is there anything that's coming up or more front and center besides just the oil markets that you are seeing?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: I am not sure exactly what your question is. I would may be offer two insights. One is that we have filed a exemption petition with the CFTC to permit clearing of agricultural commodity swaps, switch we think is very innovative and very supported by the industry as a way to better manage basis risks in our kind of standardized futures contracts. So that's out for comment right now. But I think that's a good business opportunity, but also again a type of innovation that responds to emerging market needs right now given the volatility in commodity products. And again we think that there is a lot of support within the industry for that. And then may be the other part of your question, which seems very broad, is it sounded like your question was is there a regulatory impetus to drive more OTC business towards central counterparty clearing services and assuming that is your question, I don't know that that would be a forced result, but certainly you can see that there is a strong encouragement happening from certainly the New York fed and I think even more broadly among other regulators for the dealer community to move towards central counterparty clearing in the credit default swaps markets. So there's certainly, I would call it, encouragement versus intervention.
Michael Carrier - UBS: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Vinciquerra with BMO Capital Markets.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks very much, good morning. Could you guys mind giving us an update on what's going on with FX market space? It's kind of falling off the radar screen to some degree. I know you've put some incentive in place at the beginning of the year. Are those starting to have any impact in terms of participation?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: Mike, this is Rick. As we said, FXMS has been a disappointment to us. We thought we will be further along than where we are right now. However, we still think there is opportunity in the counter space on the FX side and we are working with the management of FXMS to kind of come up with a revised offering.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. So at this point we should kind of consider the current offering as kind on hold and you're looking to kind of revise the way you're participating in that market. Is that what I am hearing?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: Yes, we are looking at all of our alternatives at this point.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then it looks like you guys had finally kind of hammered out the deal with the trading right to CBOT, trading rights over the CBOE, and now of course there's questions being shown up as to who is going to qualify for the settlement that you guys were able to agree to. Obviously you guys have an economic interest in what goes on. And I am just curious if you have any sense for how that's going to shake out and whether or not your ERPs are actually going to hold their value based on what some people are talking about?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Mike, I think that's an area where at least for the moment there is not a lot of opportunity for us to comment. I am sure that you know and other recognize that our economic interest in this is relatively small relative to the larger economic interest of all of the ERP holders or people who are essentially holding all of the various component parts. That is still in a process of being resolved pursuant to the settlement by the class council and certainly council or the Chicago Board Options Exchange. And so, we are working toward a resolution that will be consistent with our shareholders' interest, but there is a lot of other moving parts to that.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, fair enough. And then just two number questions for Jamie, I guess. The Russell contracts; can you estimate for us what the total contribution to revenues was this quarter? We showed somewhere may be around $10 million to $11 million; is that in the ballpark?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: If you just... if you take the Russell, ADV was about 230,000 a day. And just I would say just generally apply the average RPC for the e-manies [ph] of the good estimate of about $0.60 to $0.67 per round turn if you can get there.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, okay. I think we are in the ballpark there. And then also I noticed that the foreign exchange RPC has actually dropped pretty noticeably. Is there anything in particular there that we should be aware of in terms of... actually trends in terms of client participation or who's actually been coming to that market, is it simply volume thresholds that you are hitting?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: It's volume thresholds and it is also just the fact that as overall volumes grow there, and the ex-pit volumes stays constant or decreases a little bit, that is going to pull down the average rate because there is a high rate on those contracts. So it's a mix issue and a it's hearing issue within that contract.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, very good, thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Good morning, everyone. Hello.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, how are you?
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Well, how are you? Just another, Rick... on the interest rate complex, Rick, is there a specific reason why there isn't more of a one-to-one contract volume trade off as volume shifts from longer to shorter duration product? Is that an issue of convexity, different sizes of equity pools [ph] or there is just something else going on?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: Yes, there is a number of uses of the longer dated products that because of things like people trying to extend duration or with convexity that the shorter in trades don't necessarily help them with. Some, Howard, is in the underlying fundamental reason why people are using the shorter term products, and we think that's a factor of the credit crisis and just kind of the safety of people putting money at the shoulder end of the curve. For example, there are customers that do asset allocation trades, for example, that pretty much have to use the ten-year product. That's not transferable into using, say, twos and fives. Obviously, the mortgage business is generally... I mean, if you look at the duration of your average home loan, it's probably about seven and seven and a half years. So the longer end of the curve, kind of between the five and tens, is where you need to be that, for example, the two wouldn't help you much in.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks, Rick. And then switching gears, Jamie, to the expense guidance. Just to be clear, if your full year $855 million to $870 million expense guidance on a GAAP or on pro forma operating basis? I mean, I think in your release at the end of the quarter, you spoke to operating expenses in the range of $218 million to $221 million and I mean, from what we looked at, it came in nicely below that.
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Right. It's all... as we give out that guidance, it's on a pro forma basis.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Okay. So, I guess, with regard to just the quarter that ended, I mean, what changed between the release that you put out at the end of June to kind of the earnings release?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, thanks. Howard, there is a couple of a... a few items actually. There were some benefits that we saw in terms of one-time benefits for the quarter on technology spend, there were some credits that we got back through some good negotiations that weren't included and anticipated when we put in that guidance. Additionally, we also had the deferred comp was come in lower for us than we had anticipated. As you saw, the equity markets get really hit in June. We didn't have that worked into the guidance at that point. And then just generally speaking, we've seen a good expense discipline and people pulling back on some of the discretionary expense items.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks, that's all really helpful. And then last one for Jamie or Kim. I mean, this morning, S&P assigned a AA long-term counterparty credit risk to the... rating to the company. Can you discuss the impact, if any, on the business and specifically the clearing operations in collateral management now that you are a AA-rated entity?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Keep in mind, that AA rating that we were assigned today is at the holding company level.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Yes.
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: That's not a clearing house or even a subsidiary rating.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Okay, because... alright, thanks for the clarification, because they speak to the clearing house in the release.
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Right.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Okay. So no impact, you would say, on the clearing operations in any way?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: No not at all.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: We'll move on to a question from Rob Rutschow with Deutsche Bank.
Robert Rutschow - Deutsche Bank: Hey, good morning.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Rob.
Robert Rutschow - Deutsche Bank: Hi. I was wondering if I could follow up on Howard's question related to expenses. I guess you guided us or given us some indication of how much CMA would add in revenue and expenses, and obviously you did come in a little bit better in terms of the expenses. And so I guess I am wondering why you haven't reduced the range of guidance for expenses by the run rate that you achieved this quarter. And also if you can kind of give us some more details on how CMA actually did play out this quarter.
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: CMA played out according to according to plan. So there is no major change there from expectation on the expense side. And then on the... as far as your other part of the question, there is a thing, there is expenses going forward like... you know that we've got increased CapEx coming at us in the second half. So that's going impact depreciation. We've got a higher marketing and... a higher marketing spend and a higher staff spend going forward as we continue to grow our global efforts. And on the stock option side, you know that there is the full year impact of the grants that were just done in June. So there are something that are pushing up on the expenses in the second half. So that's why we have left the guidance where we have. We did change it slightly to say that we're going to be closer to the bottom end of that guidance. That's a change from our prior status.
Robert Rutschow - Deutsche Bank: Okay, that's helpful. I guess second question would just be talking about the rates a little bit more the way contract volumes, is there any impact from the spread between ECB rates and fed funds being so wide in terms of carrying costs and any impact there?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: I think that that pre supposes a customer base that can move between those pretty easily. I mean, a lot of the users are tied to hedging their underlying kind of dollar rate exposure here. So, I mean, there are customers that can move in between those two products. Hedge funds obviously can drop or expand. But a lot of your banks are pretty much tied to dollar-based assets trading here.
Robert Rutschow - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And my last question relates to pricing. Obviously we haven't heard anything lately out of the ELX, but I am wondering what your capacity is to cut prices if you need to and sort of your outlook for pricing going forward.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: I'll start with that and maybe Rick will want to add. But as may or may not know, we generally provide the lowest cost pricing for the largest liquidity providers and high volume or high velocity traders. When we look at pricing in our products across the various asset classes relative to other existing exchanges and platforms, we are considerably cheaper and that's been a pricing strategy that we have employed very successfully for decades. So I don't think we'll be in a position where we need to do that and I guess more importantly, I think if you think about pricing, it's generally such a small component of the total costs of trading and the liquidity that we afford, and therefore the trading opportunity for the non-hedger is pretty significant in terms of the tick size relative to the fee that we charge. So I think we will be in a strong position there.
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: And, Rob, I think the one thing that is really key that Craig just touched on is that's kind of the all in cost, and that's driven by the liquidity. And when you see market environments that are difficult like this, people tend to go to markets that are extremely liquid. And that's where our products have been playing into that very strongly here.
Robert Rutschow - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Harris with Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Hey, Jamie, this one is for you. How should we think about your decision to reenter the SEC lending business here? If I am thinking about right, it had grown into a $4 million or $5 million business in 1Q and it has been a little bit lower on a net basis. And so, what should we think about going forward in 3Q in terms of your participation rate?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Right. I mean, I think the first quarter was a little bit abnormal in terms of the level of income that we generated from securities lending, as you pointed out, somewhere in the neighborhood of $5 million, I think. If you look historically, we were closer to the $1 million and $1.5 million range more recently. Going forward here, we are going to be engaged on a slightly limited basis, and then expand from there as we get... as we gain comfort. So I think in that $0.5 million to $1 million and $1.5 million range is probably the range... is probably the area that we will be in going forward per quarter.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks, that's really helpful. And then on the CapEx front, you talked about you guys were about $77 million year-to-date and the full year target is $225 million or so. So roughly I think around the same amount per quarter as you guys had in the first half. What is it that you guys are actually spending that money on? And then if you can give me sort of a better sense of how I should think about D&A going forward as you do that?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. The significant portion of the spend going forward is going to be on technology, as we continue to improve the functionality, speed, and reliability of our systems. Also, we are in the process of building out a third datacenter in the suburbs. So that's a significant draw on the capital spend. So we'll continue to build that out. And then, as we have done through the merger with the Board of Trade and as we've reallocated our staff among sites, we are having to incur some CapEx there to build out office space. And even before we did the Board Of Trade transaction, we had put... we had leased some space outside of our current complex to move some of our back-office to, that it was less expenses space. But there is some upfront investment associated with that. So, that's what you are seeing come through in the second half, primarily technology with some real estates. Depreciation is going to have to go higher in the second half as a result of this significant spend.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: Okay, that's helpful. And then, I guess, this is just more of a general question. If I look at the open interest trend, I know you guys have addressed this before, a lot of it has to do with the options in volatility, but you have got e-manies [ph] in commodities growing pretty nicely and rates and FX are down. How should I think about this in terms of the current volatility? And do you anticipate that if that Eurodollar volatility goes down that this is a number that would go up, which should just... and it's not a perfect indicator by any mean, but sort of help us think about when volume trends can move higher?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: I think you're looking at it correctly, Daniel. A lot of those strategies that people were employing in kind of a lower vol environment would probably work again. So this is cyclical and driven by the macro effects in the market. But with these kind of high volatility levels in Eurodollars, it's difficult to see some of those trades coming back in the near term.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So, then if the number stay around here, if volatility stays around, say, there's a lot of it there, nothing fundamental really changing just cyclical and we should look for as volatility may be declining for that to bump back up?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: Yes. I mean, it's a little complex there because I mean your premise I agree with, but you will also probably see volatilities changing into long end into the curve if short end is coming in as well. I mean, there's probably something else is going on in the overall macroeconomic environment and that could be positive for us.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: Okay guys, thanks a lot.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take a question from Don Fandetti with Citigroup.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup: Hey, Rick. Just wanted to get an update on your outlook for the algos, I think they are around 40% of your volumes. I mean, do you think that that's capped out or is there any opportunity to push that higher or cut it a bit [ph] lower?
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: It's a general trend, Don, that more and more people are using algorithms for trade execution, whether that be on the cash, kind of equity market, as they use them for order management systems. But in the future side, we're seeing more and more algorithmic traders buy just to share number of them as that trend continues to get efficiencies in trading. What you also see in futures world that's different than in the cash world is you see these algorithmic guys trading across asset classes, and as more asset classes have come on to the platform that provides more opportunity for them. So we continue to see the algorithmic guys increase. We're seeing more algorithmic guys growing outside of the U.S. as well, which is a positive trend for us. And you also see the holding periods of some of these traders are really short term. You are starting to see some firms develop now they have a longer term holding periods. So everyone's not trying to do the same trade anymore and that gives us courage that... the encouragement that that trend continues.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup: Okay, that's all I have. Thank you.
Operator: And our last question will come from Jonathan Casteleyn with Wachovia Securities.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets, Llc: Hi, good morning. You have talked about order routing with BM&F for.... since the beginning of the year. Just wondering if there has been any release of economics on that potential routing agreement.
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: There has not been at this point, Jonathan.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets, Llc: Okay. And then just a way to think about it, is it the percentage of new incremental orders and if you can just refresh my memory BM&F does around 2 million contracts a day; is that roughly a ballpark?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Sounds about right, yes. And in terms of the way it works is that orders that will come through Globex from outside of Brazil will count towards the agreement.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets, Llc: So it is incremental. There is no way to capture existing its incremental volume; is that correct?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct. And we hadn't disclosed very specific methodology for measuring that, but obviously that's reflected in our agreement with BM&F.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets, Llc: Right. And then just quickly on NYMEX, the $60 million in synergies being that you have increased the commitment to the building, can you just largely flush out where they come from? I mean, my calculation is just 21% of operating expenses for NYMEX, it's a larger percentage than usual to be stripped out. Can you just kind of give us a little more detail there?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, on the synergies with NYMEX, first of all, if you look... if you strip out of their expense base their direct expense to us and then strip out depreciation, I think you get closer to 40% of the expense base that we are taking out. And that's broken down roughly 60% or so in salaries, and then the rest is spread cross professional fees, tech support, and other.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets, Llc: Okay, great. And then just lastly for Rick. I just want to understand, you talk about may be a slack in volatility, meaning volatility coming down would assist the interest rate complex. What exactly is your proxy there, your volatility proxy?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: Well, I mean, Jonathan, just to be clear, I think it's the Eurodollars where we are experiencing the really high volatility, it's not the treasury complex. So
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets, Llc: Right
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: So the treasury is... I mean, volatility to go up and probably give us some tailwind. Just looking at implied volatilities, basically looking to see what the implieds are from the options market.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets, Llc: Okay. So I would ask you for one catalyst, I mean you have articulated really well why you think we're here. One catalyst going forward to get that... to get the Eurodollar franchise going, what would it be?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: I think the continued issues in the credit markets are giving people some pause and that's why I think that spread between fed funds and LIBOR gives you some sort of indication of the markets view of health of the banking and investment banking sector.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets, Llc: Understood. I appreciate that, thank you.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Jonathan, it's Craig. I think this is probably clear in the answer, but I just want to make sure that you are not thinking about it incorrectly. In terms of the question you asked about BM&F, the revenue sharing provisions that we have, it's not incremental above aggregate baseline volumes that's incremental above baseline, offshore order flow into the BM&F environment. So it's more specific than that. So you shouldn't be thinking of it as order flow above the baseline. If it's 2 million contracts a day, for example, that would not be the right way to think about it. And then just secondly, just to accentuate the fact that part of the reason we're also doing this in addition to the potential transaction processing revenues is also to gain additional inflows into CME Group products, but it's a two-way connection. So, in October, as I mention, there will also be the BM&F to CME order routing component that will kick in.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets, Llc: Okay. And would you expect similar pre-tax margins to the existing relationship with NYMEX as being an extension of the processing? I mean, would you expect similar results whenever gets going?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: That's probably not a bad place to start.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets, Llc: Okay, alright, thank you.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Thank you very much for being with us for the quarterly earnings report. We look forward to talking with you next time.
Operator: Thank you, sir. This does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation, have a great day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Peschier - Director, IR Craig S. Donohue - CEO James E. Parisi - Managing Director and CFO Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services
Analysts: Howard Chen - Credit Suisse Chris Allen - Banc of America Securities Rich Repetto - Sandler O'Neill Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets Niamh Alexander - KBW Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Dan Harris - Goldman Sachs Rob Rutschow - Deutsche Bank Roger Freeman - Lehman Brothers
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CME Group Q1 '08 Earnings Call. As a remainder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn things to Mr. John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier - Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, and thank you all for joining us. Craig Donohue, our CEO, and Jamie Parisi, our CFO will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the first quarter. Then we will open up the call for your questions. Terry Duffy, our Executive Chairman; and Rick Redding, our Head of Products and Services, have also joined us this morning and will participate in the Q&A session. Before they begin, I will read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made in this call and in the accompanying slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. For detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC including our most recent Form 10-K, which is available on the Investor Relations section of the CME Group website. During this call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP pro forma results. Reconciliation is available in our press release, and there is an accompanying file on the Investor Relations portion of our website that provides detailed quarterly information on a GAAP and pro forma basis. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Craig.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John, and thank you for joining us this morning. With the backdrop of significant unrest in global financial markets and a challenging environment for many financial services companies, CME Group continued to execute on our business plan and deliver significant topline growth. Total average daily volume of 13.7 million contracts grew by more than 32% on a pro forma basis compared with the prior year, with every product line up more than 15%. It is important to note, we have generated strong volume growth every year since we demutualized with changing economic backdrop. We went into a recession in 2001 and came out of it. We have seen flat yield curves, steep yield curves, rising and falling interest rates, and active and inactive Federal Reserve Bank monetary policy and strong volatility as well as decreasing volatility. The steady growth throughout all of our product areas, we believe, has been driven by secular shifts and importantly by many of the critical initiatives we embark upon to expand our business. Those include our continuing efforts to expand our global customer base, improve the speed and functionality of our systems, and develop innovative new markets and products. This past quarter was a very active and productive quarter for CME Group. We successfully integrated the CBOT products onto Globex in January. We did so in two phases. First, on January 14th we added CBOT commodity and equity volume, followed by January 28th when we added as CBOT treasury and other interest rate products. In February, we broke multiple electronic records in treasury and agricultural commodity products. Also in February, we completed our transaction with BM&F, significantly enhancing our opportunities in Latin America. At the end of February and beginning of March, we implemented several speed enhancements which reduced our average response time from 29 milliseconds in Q4 when we handled 109 million orders per day to 23 milliseconds in Q1 when we handled 194 million orders per day. During the month of March, we averaged under 15 milliseconds. We have successfully consolidated the equity floor-based products to the CBOT location and we will move interest rate products next week. Finally, we will complete the floor transition when we move the CME Agricultural products in early May. At that point, the integration will be virtually complete, within ten months of the close of our merger with the Chicago Board of Trade. On March 17th, we announced our agreement to acquire the New York Mercantile Exchange. We are currently in the process of preparing the joint proxy statement and registration statement, which will be filed with the SEC shortly. At the same time, we are proceeding with the review process under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act to obtain the necessary antitrust clearance to proceed with this transaction. We expect to complete the transaction by the end of 2008. At the end of March, we also completed an acquisition of Credit Market Analysis, a leading provider of credit derivatives market data. This acquisition will provide CME Group with greater exposure to the rapidly growing 62 trillion in notional outstanding credit derivatives market. It offers the potential to leverage CME Groups clearing and trade execution capabilities, enhancing CME's products to create greater value and efficiencies for its customers. Before I turn the call over to Jamie, I would like to update you on one aspect of our growth strategy, which is to increase global penetration. And I will also provide my perspective on the current trading environment. First, on the global front, in our view we are at the very early stages of penetrating what we believe will be a significant source of future business growth. While it is difficult for us to measure exactly where our trading volumes originate as many global firms connect through private global networks, there is some data available that gives a sense of our progress. We are seeing strong volumes coming through our international telecommunications hubs, which in the first quarter amounted to 930,000 contracts per day, up 76% compared to Q1 '07, and representing about 7% of overall volume. Our hub in Singapore facilitated volume growth above 100%. Another measure we can look at is the time of day the trades are executed. In Q1, approximately 15.3% of our volume came during non-US trading hours, up from approximately 12.8% one year ago. While we are pleased with the results to date, we also see the opportunity to more significantly enhance our capabilities in Europe, Asia and Latin America. I mentioned the BM&F transaction, and one of our main objectives there is to significantly increase the distribution of CME's global benchmark products. We have recently hired a seasoned execute to run our Latin American operations, helping to drive growth from that expanding region. One of our major objectives in 2008 is to expand our global reach and build on the non-US volume I referenced earlier through more effective cross-selling and leveraging of our existing customer relationship. Our strategy is to enhance our sales and marketing capabilities in Europe, Asia and Latin America with our product sales group tightly linked within our regional structure. We will also be adding resources in product research and business development in order to further enhance our growth opportunities on a global basis. As we expand our customer base, we are also spending more time considering where large sources of capital will come from as we look out five to ten years from now and how to effectively market our products and our capabilities. One significant source of activity is expected to come from Sovereign Wealth Funds. Over the last six months, we have increased our marketing and sales efforts to these groups. The International Monetary Fund recently estimated that the current funds controlled by Sovereign Wealth Funds would quadruple from $2.5 trillion now to $10 trillion by 2012. Now, I would like to briefly address the question of the impact of deleveraging on current and future CME Group trading volumes. This topic first came into play in August of last year and continues to be an area of discussion. There are three major points that lead us to conclude that while deleveraging has impacted some markets, there is little to no evidence that it will inhibit our ability to sustain our growth rates since we demutualized. We have spoken to numerous end customers, FCMs and settlement banks about their views on current long-term volumes in our listed derivatives markets. The three important considerations include the make-up of our customer base, the capital efficiency of the central counter party clearing model including lower financing costs compared to securities and OTC markets, and thirdly the benefits of risk mitigation and transparency. It is important to understand that our customer base and their business effects on both our volume and open interest. Over 80% of our current volume comes from the buy side, primarily made up of agricultural... I'm sorry, algorithmic trading firms, hedge funds and asset managers as well as other buy side participants. The algorithmic trading segment had significant volume growth during the quarter, and based on our discussions with many of them they have been beneficiaries of market volatility from a trading perspective. These players utilize strategies that are not capital intensive and generally they move in and out of the market without holding meaningful, open interest. Another major volume segment is comprised of large established hedge funds including global macro hedge funds. As we look at their growth, we also see healthy activity. Bank proprietary trading volumes overall also had growth rates that were just under our overall average. Banks are looking at ways to adjust their balance sheets and decrease risks and our products allow traders to do just that. Turning to capital efficiency, we clearly have an advantage relative to securities and OTC markets, which is important as credit becomes tighter. Unlike the OTC and securities markets, we are able to provide efficiency due to our twice-daily mark-to-market and portfolio-based margining structure. We also provide cross-margining and multilateral netting advantages unlike the OTC market. Since August, banks have had to become more selective in terms of capital or margin in the prime brokerage part of their OTC businesses. Many firms without the same access to capital from their prime broker are turning increasingly to the futures market. Several FCMs we have spoken to recently are seeing new users like these accessing the futures markets, which benefits the futures division of many investment banks as well as exchanges like CME Group. The third point is that our markets stand out from the OTC markets based on a real-time and transparent pricing mechanism and the credit risk mitigation that is available through our central counter-party clearing model. Many problems beginning in August in structured OTC markets revolved around the lack of reliable pricing data and lack of real liquidity. Many of these structured products don't have a viable exchange market in which to lay off risk. In our markets, users can trade with all counter parties and our pricing is available in real-time on primarily electronic markets to prevent hidden risks. It is important to note that we have never had a default due to counter-party exposure in our entire history. This issue is currently resonating with end-user customers we have spoken to who have commented on the safety, transparency and significant liquidity of our markets. In summary, these points are critical to understand why we believe that deleveraging certain market segments will not have the same impact on our markets. The high velocity algorithmic traders tell us their business is healthier than ever, and they encourage us to continue innovating the way we have to improve our technology capabilities even further so they can have more inputs, which drive their trading behavior. Many of the larger hedge funds have a proven track record and could be likely beneficiaries as their customers decide where to allocate capital. We expect the largest hedge funds to continue to get bigger. And finally, the investments banks have a need to trade in the most efficient way from a balance sheet and capital perspective, and we believe they will increasingly see the benefits of our markets. We also believe we can work with them to provide solutions that end customers' demand in terms of additional products, either traded or cleared, that can benefit each of us. While some may be interested in taking less proprietary risk, they are also looking for ways to increase their agency business. In terms of our continued overall growth, we believe the secular trends have greater need for risk management products. Growing investor sophistication, a compelling value proposition compared to OTC markets, and continued growth in sources of capital all remain firmly in place. In addition to these secular trends, we also will continue to enhance our ability to grow through more significant global customer acquisition, continued product and technology innovation, additional transaction processing opportunities like BM&F, and growth in our options businesses. In our view, we are better positioned to take advantage of the opportunities that present themselves in the next five years than we were five years ago. With that, let me turn the call over to Jamie.
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Craig. I am happy to report that CME Group posted another record quarter financially. Our operating income, both on a GAAP and pro forma basis, exceeded the previous records set in the third quarter of 2007. The operating leverage inherent in our business model is alive and well. The margin on incremental revenues compared to Q1 '07 was 97% on a pro forma basis, while our customers enjoyed lower average fees and the efficiencies we have delivered to them as a result of the CBOT merger. The GAAP results for the first quarter are outlined in detail in the press release. In summary, we delivered net income of $284 million or $5.25 per share. Included within these results were $8.7 million of CBOT merger-related operating expenses, $8.4 million of transaction costs related to the BM&F agreement, $3.8 million related to the acquisition of CMA, and an $8.4 million reduction of non-operating expense related to CBOE ERP guarantee. Weve provided a reconciliation between GAAP and pro forma results in the back of the press release, and we have also posted both GAAP and pro forma historical quarterly income statements on our website. We exclude costs associated with mergers and acquisitions weve completed when generating our pro forma financial statement. As I move on to the details of the income statement, please note that the comparisons I referenced are based on the pro forma results. Our total pro forma revenue rose 25% to $625 million in the first quarter, driven primarily by strong CME Group volumes. Average daily volume was up 32%, led by equity volume, up 66% versus last year, while the average rate per contract was down only 1.6%. Our average rate per contract was $0.63 in Q1, down from $0.64 in Q1 last year and down from $0.648 in the fourth quarter of 2007. These decreases are due primarily to faster growth and lower fee member volume versus higher fee non-member volume. Quotation data fees were $57 million for the quarter, up 13% from Q1 of 2007. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately 300,000 users who subscribed for the base devices, up approximately 7,000 compared to the end of the year. In January of 2008, we increased our fee per market data screen from $50 per month to $55 per month. While we have not yet seen any signs of weakness, with the recent announcements of layoff on Wall Street our user count may be impacted. Our first quarter processing services revenue was $17.5 million, up 35%. In Q1 of '08, we handled more than 1 million NYMEX contracts per day, up from $850,000 in the fourth [ph] quarter. In Q1, revenue from NYMEX totaled $17 million, which averaged $0.27 per contract. This is at the high end of the RPC guidance we had given some time ago for this arrangement. I will now take a few minutes to review expenses. Total pro forma operating expenses for Q1 were $214 million, up 2% versus Q1 last year. The increase in our license fee expense, which is tied directly to equity volume increases, accounted for 75% of the overall expense increase. In addition, we are hitting our cost synergy target. In Q1, we realized $22 million of synergies as a result of our merger with CBOT. On an annualized basis, this equate to $87 million, so we are more than halfway to the run rate of at least $150 million by year-end. Total compensation related expense was down $5 million compared to Q1 of 2007 and increased $1.5 million sequentially to $73 million, which is lower than our normal Q1 compensation increase. There are three components of this expense; salaries and benefits, bonus, and stock-based compensation. Salaries and benefits totaled $57 million, up $3 million sequentially. As of March 31st, the CME Group headcount stood at 1990, up 20 since the beginning of the year. This increase includes approximately 50 employees from our acquisition of CMA and a reduction of 30 positions due to the CBOT merger. Taking a look at our remaining transitional employees related to the CBOT merger, we expect an additional reduction of 110 employees this quarter and a final 20 in the second half of the year. In terms of ongoing headcount growth, we plan to add positions in marketing, sales, technology and business development, much of which is tied to building a more significant employee presence globally, as Craig mentioned. Next, our employee bonus accrual totaled $10 million, down $1 million versus Q4. Remember, the annual bonus is tied to a cash earnings target that we set well above the 2007 actual results. And finally, the stock-based portion of compensation was $6.3 million, which was down $400,000 relative to the prior year. We often get asked if operating margins can continue to expand. I believe the first quarter was solid evidence that the answer to that question is yes. Operating margin was 66% on a pro forma basis, which was our best quarter ever, and well above 58% in the first quarter last year. Non-operating income was down in Q1 versus Q4. This resulted primarily from decreased investment income, which was down $6 million sequentially, driven by lower rates of return. Between cash and marketable securities and clearing house balances, the average daily balance of $1.4 billion in Q4 increased to $1.6 billion in Q1. But the average annual rate of turn return dropped from 4.1% to 3.3%. In addition, due to the performance of the equity market, there was a negative impact sequentially on deferred compensation earnings of $1.8 million. Lastly, during the first quarter, we instituted a foreign currency hedge to mitigate the FX risk in our BM&F acquisition, which resulted in a decreased investment income of $2.2 million. Generally, due to the time decay of the option, the hedge will reduce investment income by approximately $3 million per quarter on average. Additionally, the value of the hedge will fluctuate due to changes in volatility, relative interest rates, and the spot value of the riyal versus the dollar. As of 03/31, the book value of our investment in BM&F is approximately $630 million and the current market value is approximately $792 million. For the first quarter, the net securities lending results totaled approximately $5.4 million. The spread between the average rate earned and the average rate paid remained abnormally high during the first quarter of 2008, due to the combined effect of changes in the federal discount rate and an increase in market demand for the securities we had available to lend through this program. Beginning in late March 2008, we temporarily suspended our securities lending program due to dislocations in the market. We continue to review the program and we'll resume it when we feel it is prudent to do so. Our pro forma pretax income was $420 million in Q1, up 36% from the first quarter last year. Net income for the quarter was $291 million, and diluted pro forma EPS was $5.39. In the quarter, we had a tax benefit of $38.6 million due to a change in the Illinois tax rate treatment, proportionate of revenues sourced within the state. Excluding the tax benefit, our net income would have been $252 million and diluted EPS would have been $4.67. Moving on to the balance sheet, as of March 31st, we had $1.2 billion of cash and marketable securities, and short-term debt of $165 million, resulting in a net cash position of approximately $1.1 billion. Cash earnings for the quarter was $299 million, another record for CME Group. Capital expenditures, net of leasehold improvement allowances, totaled $33 million in the first quarter, driven by $22 million of technology investments, $9 million of merger integration efforts, including trading floor and Globex conversion, and $2 million of construction related to staff space [ph]. In the first quarter, we completed the acquisition of CMA for approximately $100 million. In terms of an impact to our income statement for the remainder of the year, we expect approximately $18 million of expense of which $8 million is amortization of intangibles. The increase in expense is in addition to our previously stated pro forma expense guidance of $835 million to $850 million for 2008, and puts us into a range of $855 million to $870 million. With respect to revenue from CMA, we expect it to exceed $10 million for remainder of the year, and it will be reflected in the quotation data fees line. So far in April, we are averaging 10.7 million contracts per day, up approximately 33% compared to last year. Growth rates in each product line for April compared to last year are consistent with the growth rates we experienced in the first quarter of 2008. With that, we would now like to open up the call for your questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today will come from Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Howard.
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Howard.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Craig, thanks for the commentary on deleveraging. You touched on some of these figures in your prepared remarks, but I apologize, I didn't catch it all. Do you mind reviewing again on the change in activity levels that youve seen so far amongst those three customer segments you mentioned on slide 11, algo firms, large hedge funds, and investments banks, if not specific then compared to the overall growth rate that you guys experienced during the quarter?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Right. Well, in very general terms what we said was that we saw very stable levels of activity including some growth in the proprietary electronic trading group segment as well as in the macro hedge fund area. And in terms of investment bank proprietary trading activity, which tends to be quite a bit smaller than proprietary trading group and hedge fund activity, we saw growth rates that were just under our overall average.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Okay, and any meaningful changes second quarter to date?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: No.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then on the CBOT merger integration last quarter, Rick, you mentioned you were seeing some deeper liquidity pools in the CBOT product that had migrated over to Globex. Do you mind providing an update here and maybe give us a sense of what you've seen close to the treasury tick size reductions thus far in those product?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: Yes. Howard, there is a lot going on in the treasury market right now for all the dislocations that are happening. In general, we are seeing both in the cash and the futures market is people trading at the shorter end of the curve. We're seeing dramatic increases in volumes in the two-year product and five-year product, growing much faster than the 10-year and the 30-year. The level of depth and the kind of shorter end of the market, the two-year and five-year has... it has got deeper and the 10-year and the 30-year, both in the cash and the futures, the market is not as deep as it was, say, a year ago or even nine months ago.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then longer term, Craig, you spoke a bit about... you've always spoken a bit about the OTC opportunities. You guys announced the acquisition of CMA during the course of quarter. There has been a lot of industry chatter with regards to what the future landscape of CDS the CDS market looks like. Can you update us on how CME Group is positioned to kind of tap into that growing marketplace? And maybe how that's different than perhaps swap stream, FX MarketSpace, some of the other OTC opportunities youve attacked in the past?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Right. Well, I mean obviously FX MarketSpace and swap stream are really designed to help us get increasingly into the over-the-counter foreign exchange and interest rate markets. CMA is, as Ive described, a firm that is a vital source of pricing information and market data in the credit markets, where previously we've not been very active in terms of product development or over-the-counter clearing services. Essentially, we think that that's a well-positioned company on a standalone basis for growth in the credit derivatives market. But we also think that over the longer run, it will better afford us opportunities from a credit product development or central counter-party clearing services perspective and so we think it's helps position us in that area. And I guess the other thing that I would just mention is that today we've filed an application with the CFTC to begin to provide for clear basis swaps in not only corn, but other of our grain and oil seed commodity products. And we see a lot of potential for growth in commodity products by creating more structured products that help address volatile basis risks that people are experiencing in the market. So that effectively puts us into the position of having an OTC capability in all of the asset classes where we have deep liquidity in the futures.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Great, thanks, and then, Jamie, quick one on the numbers. Excluding the impact of future acquisitions and the cash flow you generate on an ongoing basis, should we expect any future changes to that $1.1 billion cash balance going forward due to some of the recent moving parts to the cash balance? And can you also talk about the impact of lower rates and how you and the treasury team are thinking about managing the cash balance going forward?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Well, as you know, with the NYMEX transaction, a significant portion of the cash balance will be eaten into as we use that to help to finance that transaction. Going forward from there, as we continue to generate cash we will then use it either to pay down a portion of the debt that we take on from NYMEX and also look at what we can do on the capital structure side, as thats something that we review very regularly with our Board and our Finance Committee of the Board and our management team here. So were not we haven't... as weve said all long, we want to maintain that flexibility currently in the capital structure due to get these transactions done, but in the long run we are open to having [inaudible] on the balance sheet.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: And the impact of lower rates and how you guys think about that?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. As certainly, as the rates go down it can impact that non-operating income and it will perhaps impact the decision as to whether or not it makes sense for us to buy back shares. So it all comes into play.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Okay, and then final one from me, and thanks for taking the questions. Any meaningful changes in member, non-member mix during the quarter? It seems like [inaudible] contract is holding and a bit more resilient than we would have otherwise thought.
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, on the member, non-member mix, the member volumes grew faster in the first quarter than the non-member volume, they both grew very healthily. Member volumes, I want to say, grew somewhere in the neighborhood of 30% plus and the non-member volumes were close to 20% growth. So we saw a good growth on both, but as one grows fast and the other does move the mix a little bit towards the towards that member.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: And a follow-up on that, more broadly do you take away anything on that with regards to this whole deleveraging commentary that your members continue to trade more than the non-members or is it that just too much noise in those figures?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: I think it is positive for us all way around. You are seeing significant growth in participation across all of our customer base in our trading.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks again.
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Allen with Banc of America Securities.
Chris Allen - Banc of America Securities: Hi guys, how are you doing?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Hi, Chris.
Chris Allen - Banc of America Securities: Just going through the numbers, Jamie, just a couple of questions. Just in terms of how should we think about the investment income run rate, obviously the lower rate is somewhat easy to think about, but I guess the negative impact to the deferred comp and the FX hedges moving forward, like what would be the kind of the key metrics, I mean obviously the deferred stock rise but --?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, and deferred comp is going to be is just it depends on how the participants in that program have their fund invested. It tends to be much more equity markets related. So I guess if you look at how the various equity indexes are moving might give you a sense for the general direction of that in any given quarter. And then on the hedge side, as Ive said, there is that over time on average, just the time decay can be roughly $3 million a quarter, but you will see fluctuation on that just as volatility changes and the other inputs of the equation change.
Chris Allen - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And then just on the sec lending, I might have missed it. You mentioned that was suspended, the sec lending program?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we suspended it towards the end of the first quarter, just given the dislocations that have been going on in the markets and we're going to... we'll continue to review the program and reinstate it when we feel its prudent to do so. This is not without precedent. We have done this before in the past where weve suspended it for sometime as we weren't real comfortable with how the how markets were behaving.
Chris Allen - Banc of America Securities: Got you. And just in terms of... so for the second quarter as of right now will it just be zero [inaudible]?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: For the second quarter as it stands right now, yes.
Chris Allen - Banc of America Securities: And what would be the indicated process, youve restarted the program, will you announce that as [ph] market get healthier?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: I think its hard to say. We're not going to come out and announce that we're restarting. Its likely that it would get started again in the second quarter, I just can't say when.
Chris Allen - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And then... just [inaudible] if you could give us an update on swap stream, where do you guys stand with that? I thought you guys first off launched the cleared initiative right about now?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: Chris, its Rick. Swap stream will the cleared swap will launch this summer. There will be an announcement coming out in the next couple of weeks giving a little more information on who some of the participants are and the start date. So it will... give us another couple of weeks, we will make that more public.
Chris Allen - Banc of America Securities: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: We will go next to Rich Repetto with Sandler O'Neill.
Rich Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: Yes. Good morning, guys.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Rich.
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Rich.
Rich Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: First question is you took my thunder weight [ph] 97% incremental margins, 90% from 4Q as well. But on the CBOT integration, you didn't say you think about revenue synergies and I guess that the question is can you talk about... I now it's hard to quantify, but could you give us some color there?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Yes, clearly, Rich, you've seen some uptake in moving the products from ECBOT on the Globex. So you've seen good enhancements of the revenue from that side. Obviously, now getting them on the same platform you're seeing people to do inter-related trades, people trading in treasuries against euro dollars more seamlessly. Also, don't forget that we have increased the speed of the system and reduced the latency. So we're getting some positive benefits on both CME and CBOT products there. Obviously, at the end state of this, we will look to come up with spread products, so along the treasuries and across inter-commodity spreads as well before we get through all the upgrades.
Rich Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: Okay. Next, Jamie, you've mentioned on the non-operating income a couple of items like the securities lending and the deferred comp. But if you... I was just looking at the balance sheet and the cash performance bonds and security deposits that you almost doubled quarter-to-quarter and would that be... am I reading this right, would that be a significant positive in regards to interest, a positive, because there is such a high balance now?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Typically, those deposits are... sorry, most of the deposits that are put up with the CME are based on treasury related or other sort of securities that folks put up, and those deposits fluctuate from time-to-time. They also use money market a lot of money market mutual funds that weve pre-approved, and they earn the interest on those. So there is not too much in the way of additional interest that well earn from increases in performance bond deposits. Where we do earn the money in the clearinghouse is on a on the intra-day movements. There is an intra-day settlement whether it's positive float at CME and then by the next morning its returned, its redistributed out. So that's where we earn some of that we earn the interest income and that's already embedded in the comments I had made on the investment income.
Rich Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: Okay, and my last question is sort of on Craig's volume and deleveraging comments. To me it appears whether Rick would agree, but the open interest is not... I am not saying it is not a good indicator, but it's currently not as accurate as before, given that 45% comes from option interest rate options. And I guess the question is, are we seeing this movement where... are we seeing other movement to offset the... like you said investment banks, could they be moving more towards exchange listed products? Are you seeing that offset, and I know you said, Craig, that the bank prop funds were just slightly under the overall growth rate, but are we seeing anything like that not just in the prop funds, but from the investment banks overall?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: I think we are seeing some of that. All of this is very difficult to quantify because it is not as though you can know everybody's trading strategy and trading choices among existing alternatives. But we've been saying for quite some time and I think it's been borne out in the volumes that we've seen that there is an offsetting effect, which is there is kind of flight to quality where people are more secure in a transparent deeply liquid, centrally cleared market. So the confluence of volatility as well as the safer trading and sort of counter-party credit risk environment that we afford market users I think helps offset, but might be some impacts from deleveraging.
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: And Rich, this is Jamie, we've talked to several of the FCMs and the futures desks at some of the large investment banks and they almost [inaudible] all have indicated that their customers that there is favorable accretive position to using that CME and then exchange listed products, particularly in times like this and it does drive they believe it will drive some volume over and we're seeing some of the firms actually growing their futures the size of the futures that's hiring employees there.
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: And Rich, this is Rick, I mean one thing is be careful on how you use all these regressions because if you look from 1986 through roughly 2007, you saw a very strong positive correlation in that point, 97, on open interest in volumes, but if you actually go back and look over the last 18 months, well before of the credit crisis started, you actually have seen an inverse correlation between volume and open interest. So, I know a lot of people are out there trying to do these regressions believing but do them too. Be careful on how you interpret them. And as Craig said, there is a lot of moving parts here and a lot of things going on underneath the market. So, we don't think it's as simple as just trying to do a regression and figure it out.
Rich Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: And would you say that that, what you call, negative correlation is driven because the open interest that's held no longer drives a significant portion of the volume like the interest rate options?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: Rich, I think a lot of it has to do with volatility in the market and how peoples tracing strategies are designed. If you look at it, it's even more complex than looking and saying it's an interest rate phenomena because then you have to look between the futures and the options and then you have to look even along the yield curve on where the differences are. The primary drop in open interest has being in the euro dollar options as volatility has spiked. And if you look kind of in the March period, employee volatility went above 45% euro dollars, which is pretty unbelievable. But if [inaudible] deleveraging, you will think in the five-year and the ten-year notes that you would see the options volumes declining, theres open interest declining there as well and in fact you see the open interest going up there. So it's not it doesn't appear to be at least empirically from their mortgage service, those are the people you would think that will be affected during this kind of credit crisis.
Rich Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: Okay, understood. Thanks, guys.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: And our next question will come from Mike Vinciquerra with BMO Capital Markets.
Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, guys.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Mike.
Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Two product questions, and then a couple for Jaime, if I could. First on the Grain Swaps product you announced that this morning, is the main need for this product based on the different pricing, is that the various delivery points? I saw something mentioned about that in the release and it seems somewhat similar to kind of the natural gas market in North America. Is that what you're looking at here?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Yes. The grain markets, all the commodity markets have gone through an unprecedented storm here of kind of lots of changing demand factors. The credit crunch is affecting some of the elevators. There is a lot in the commodity markets. And one of the things that we're trying to get ahead of is to make sure that all these customer segments have a product that meets their needs and that basis risk that they have from where they actually grow or start to delivered their product and to reduce that basis risk, because what we have seen in a lot of the a lot of people have seen is that basis risk widen out here and that we are trying to meet the needs of what those customers want.
Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Is there any chance of with the capital deficiency moving in on to a clear platform that you may get drawn in some of the trading firms with speculators along with the commercial entities or is this mostly a commercial product?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean I think in any market in order for the commercial entities to participate, you have got to have the speculative money there as well. So, that's what makes for good healthy markets and that's what we're trying to create.
Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Very good, thank you. And then you guys were mentioning that in Latin America you hired an executive down there. What are the most attractive products for the market as you see it today? I assume its mostly commodity driven? And additionally, do you have the same types of high velocity traders in some of the largest Latin American markets that will help to grow your business down there?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Mike, I'll start and Rick can add. I think as you correctly pointed out the largest area of opportunity is really in the commodity markets. BM&F has already developed a very successful financial derivatives market in interest rates and foreign exchange and equity derivative. But only four-tenths of 1% of their volume are in the commodity area, even though Brazil is obviously a very large agricultural economy and increasingly significant in terms of production and exportation of major grains, soy beans, etcetera. So, that's an area where I think is very complementary. They have obviously a strong position in Brazil, strong distribution, but they haven't been as successful as we have been in developing a global customer base and deep liquidity and commodity. So, is that is one area that well be working with them on. And then we have mentioned as well ethanol in emission areas where we will be working with them in terms of joint product development.
Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Right, okay, thank you. And then, two things for Jamie, just looking at the RPC by category, you are open outcry RPC has been rising sharply in the last couple of quarters. Is there any particular reason for that?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: As we see some increase perhaps in some of the mix in between the options on the floor and other open outcry thats potentially an impact there on that rate.
Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: So, options are just a higher percentage of the total at this point?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Well, if you look at it, the equity standard options have been holding in pretty strong on the floor and that's a high rate higher rate product.
Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: And then just one on the Jamie, the comp ratio, you gave us some details, I appreciate that. Is this a reasonable run rate? We are now down below 12% of revs, it dropped further than we expected this quarter. But I want to make sure that we are not getting too optimistic in our future estimates?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: You have got some offsetting factors there, right. Weve got continued reduction in the workforce as it relates to the merger with the Board of Trade and then offsetting that somewhat will be the increase that we talked about on the on our global penetration that were building up in those global offices. But I'd say in general it's probably not a bad area that we are at.
Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from Niamh Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I'd like to go back to the grain and the filing this morning with the CFTC, can you help me understand the timing? Do you need to wait for approval or is this something you can go out and market to your clients straight away?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Niamh, this is Craig. We have to wait for approval. This is an area where traditionally commodity swaps in our products has really been restricted by statute from being potentially cleared, although the CFTC has what we call exemptive authority to permit that. And so we filed an application with them for an exemption, so that we can offer the service, and we think that we will have very broad industry support from the traditional users of our markets and products for this exception request. It will be an improved risk management tool for them, and it certainly affords greater transparency for people who are interested in using swaps to tailor their basis risks as well as obviously reduce counter-party credit risk and increased capital efficiencies by having them centrally cleared. So it's a process that will begin with the CFTC, but we're expecting and hoping that they will be very responsive to it.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: Okay. That's helpful, thanks. I mean the CFTC is holding a hearing today on some issues in the grain markets and the lack of convergence with the futures prices and cash prices. Is this potentially also maybe offsetting a risk some of the a slowdown in trading volume from that particular customer group of the commercials?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: No, I think it's the office that really in the sense that it certainly is possible for market users today to enter into bilateral trading and credit arrangements to hedge basis risks. What this is really doing is providing for a more regulated transparent alternative where you can do that in a market where the transactions actually are reported, so there is more price dissemination. There are position or what we call position limits or position accountability and position reporting requirements and then also there are the standard features of central counter-party clearing including margining and daily mark-to-market protocols that are very similar to what we do in futures. So, it's really we think an incremental improvement over what can already be done today in the market.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: Okay. That's helpful, thanks. And just last one on [inaudible], I'm just trying to get a sense of maybe timing, and I assume that you have that capabilities, you have the systems already, so there wouldn't be much of the lead-time, if or when you do get approval?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: That's correct. We are already doing very successfully ethanol basis swaps and this is generally what we're talking about, fairly low-tech anyway. You can think of this as maybe similar to what ClearPort does in the energy area.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: Okay. That's helpful, thank you.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: We will be able to implement very quickly once we have approval.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: Okay, that's great. And then if I could just stick with the central clearing theme, credit derivatives are certainly getting a lot of attention these days and I understand the brokers themselves are working on a consortium to work with the Chicago [inaudible]. Is there some an opportunity for CME here, or how should I think about it... how CME can best lever its facilities?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: I think that thats something that we're very open to and we'll be working with people who are active in the credit markets, which certainly do include the investment banks, to consider how we can structure a service that would be supportive of their interest in the market. But we'll have more to say on that as we complete the acquisition.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks. And then just lastly, on the Russell, can you help me think about once you get through the rebalance in June, are your customers even focused on right now that you'll lose your exclusivity in September? Do you think it's just once that we get past June we'll get a sense of weather they're going to start shifting some volume to the S&P indices?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: There is a lot going on in the Russell contracts and we continue to have the vast majority, 99 point something percent of the volume on any given day. Yes, I think customers are focused on September will be the last expiration for the Russell products here. I think though a lot of it has to do with the product is so successful here that there is no they dont see a reason for them to change the behavior at this point. And to your point, Niamh, that it has to get through the Russell rebalancing of the index post the June launch. So I think the market is trying to understand all the complications of this and what the impacts on them will be. Some of this business has alternatives. Some people trade the products not because its the Russell, but because of the volatility characteristics or the lack of correlation of the S&P. We do see some people beginning to use some of the other S&P products or the Dow products or the NASDAQ products. So we will have see as it goes through the summer.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks. And just lastly, on the Russell, can you give me a sense of the average rate for contract for those Russell futures contract? I expect there is a lot of members treading that at a discount?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: I would just Niamh, I will just look at it in terms of the average rate per contract for the whole mini sector.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: The mini, okay, that's helpful. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: We will go next to Don Fandetti with Citi.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup: Hi, good morning everyone. Craig, just wanted to see if you had an update on the CFETS China initiative in terms of potential timing. Could we hear something in 12 months? I want to get your thoughts there.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: We hear something in, did you say 12 months?
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup: Yes, I mean is that something that we could hear in terms of '08 or is it more like an '09 or is it just sort work in progress?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Im just laughing because it's already been 12 months, but I think that there is the distinct likelihood that we are going to have to try to explore other alternatives with CFETS in terms of the structural arrangements for and by that I mean the regulatory issues, for how we actually move forward with our linkage with CFETS. There is a variety of ways in which we can do that. We had hoped initially that we would be successful sooner than we have been in gaining the exemption for registration for CFETS, but I think with the time that has passed and the indications that we're getting we may need to explore other alternatives. I will tell you that both we and CFETS continue to be very committed to the accomplishment of the link, but other ways in which that could be done would be for example for CFETS to begin clearing positions through other registered FCMs on an interim basis while they pursue a registration or while we think of other alternatives in ways in which we could pursue it, different exemption requests. So, we're working on that right now, we'll [inaudible].
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you, that's all I have.
Operator: Thank you. In the interest of time, if you could please limit yourself to one question to allow everyone a chance to ask. Our next question will come from Jonathan Casteleyn with Wachovia Securities.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital: Thank you. Just Id like an update on FX MarketSpace please. I think the daily notionals have been pulled off the websites, so just curious as to what the daily trading values are as of today, and then if there is even been an intangible benefit to the jump-all [ph] economics?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: Yes, this is Rick. There is couple of things going on with FX MarketSpace. I think you saw probably in the last couple of weeks an announcement of an improved way to clear the products and that's in process too. FXMS is not releasing daily volumes. I think in December you saw some weaker volumes our of FXMS. Since then the volumes are better, but they're are still not where we want them to be. Were still in the long-term, as Craig mentioned in his remarks, very committed that this is a model that we can provide clearing and some execution in the cash FX space, but obviously we would like to see more attraction.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital: Okay, and then any benefit from jump-all [ph], is there any way to articulate that or any stats you can point to?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: They actually have not made that data public so, there is no data at this time.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital: Okay. I have one follow up for Craig. I mean there is so much going on at the exchange, closing CBOT and you're obliviously bidding for NYMEX and doing bolt-on acquisitions. Can you just rank and file the top three initiatives for this year, just center us on what you think the top three opportunities are because as you say there is a lot going on?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: I think it's hard to answer that neatly because there are very large-scale things that we're doing like the acquisition and integration of the Board of Trade, like the acquisition of NYMEX. So and then separately move in the kind of organic category across each our existing businesses we have a multitude of key priorities in fixed income and interest rates and equities and commodities and so on and so forth. So, it just depends on what level we're talking about. But I mean the international side of growth is very important to us, we're very focused on that. We're very focused on our longer-term portfolio of initiatives, which really do relate to the over-the-counter markets as we've talked about during the call. So, we've got kind of transformative M&A stuff, we have long term sort of growth initiatives that are really focused on five or more years out and then we have got the current initiatives in the core business much of which relates to globalization, further improvements in technology, further product extensions and new product innovation.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital: Okay, thanks. I appreciate that.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: We have a lot going on.
Operator: We will go next to Daniel Harris of Goldman Sachs.
Dan Harris - Goldman Sachs: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Id like to just go back to page ten of the handout for the quarter and this is the one on the globalization of the business and internationalization. I mean how should I think about just and Im sure it is hard for you given how the orders come in. How do you think about what the total volume from international participants is? I mean if the 7% from the international hub seems way too low and the overnight rate of 16% is probably a floor, so when you guys think about where the volumes are coming from non-US versus US, I mean how do you think about that number?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Well, I will give an opinion on that. I mean I think several years ago we used to say that we thought that getting to 15% of our total average daily volumes coming from outside the US would be a reference point only because the exchanges in Europe that had been little sooner than we were to the kind of distribution of products outside of the US or in their case outside of Europe had achieved those levels of volume and some of them were actively traded [inaudible] futures contracts or short-term interest rate contracts. I think today with the broadened portfolio of products that we have as a result of the combination of CME and CBOT, but then also because we have been providing trade matching services to NYMEX in the energy and metals area, I think we can do better than that given the breadth of products and liquidity and customer base that we now have. And so we're working our way toward that. I think the opportunity is actually quite significant and that's why as you're seeing us building more volumes coming through the hubs or more volumes happening outside of the North American hours of trading. You see us making further investments in marketing, sales and business development capabilities elsewhere. And then, just generally at a more macro level, it's obvious to us that growth and growth rates will be more significant in emerging markets than they have been in the more established North American and European markets over the next 10 to 15 years.
Dan Harris - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just to make sure I understand, so if Deutsche Bank or SocGen, which are based in Europe are treading on CME, but they are trading out of Europe, would that be impacting the non-US volumes?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: It's very difficult to answer that because I mean most large global trading operations are trading 24 hours a day and passing their book of exposures essentially around the globe. I would expect that they are active with us not just during the North American day when the vast amount of liquidity is available, but they are likely also active with us in some fashion during the European only or Asian only time zone.
Dan Harris - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thats all, Craig. I appreciate it.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: We will go next to Robert Rutschow with Deutsche Bank.
Rob Rutschow - Deutsche Bank: Hi good morning. Just a couple of quick questions. On the volumes and the speed enhancements that youve put in place, are you seeing any shift kind of in the early days here in March and April towards a different member, non-member mix and in terms of algorithmic trading?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Rob, this is Jamie. I would say there is... generally speaking there is not a big lightning shift here and its not something that we report on a monthly basis as you know. So over time, we have seen significant change in the market as the algorithmic traders come in. We have seen hedge funds be larger players and all along our overall member, non-member mix has historically across the exchange averaged around that 80%, 20% breakdown. So I wouldn't expect to see huge shifts away from that.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: And that is particularly impressive given that a lot of the... of those proprietary groups have become members a lot of those high velocity groups have become members of the exchange over time and yet you're seeing a fairly stable member, non-member mix. So it's telling you that the customer acquisition that we are getting has actually been very, very meaningful.
Rob Rutschow - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then in terms of your logical hedger base, I mean in context of the deleveraging comments, is it logical to assume that we maybe see less activity from the banks going forward or are you looking at it differently?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: Yes, I mean I think what Craig said earlier is apropos that the proprietary trading at the banks is growing at basically or very near the rate of the overall growth. So they think that is the only empirical thing that we can look at, at this point.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think it's logical to think that the investment banks are going to be cutting back in areas where they are either using on a relative basis more capital or they are taking on more trading risk or counter-party credit risk. And clearly, our model is an attractive alternative for people who are still looking for leveraged opportunities in deep liquidity, but don't want to be trading opposite potentially weak counter-parties or worrying about what the value of their OTC exposures is. So again, I mean I think it's a net positive even from the investment bank proprietary trading perspective to increasingly rely on standardized transparent centrally cleared futures versus those kind of markets are instruments that suffer the defects where theyve had very substantial losses.
Rob Rutschow - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And a second math [ph], one quick housekeeping item. Could you give us the average sec lending balance for the quarter?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. The average sec lending balance was roughly $2.4 billion.
Rob Rutschow - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our last question will come from Roger Freeman with Lehman Brothers.
Roger Freeman - Lehman Brothers: Hi, good morning, and just a couple of macro questions. With regard to the changing margin requirements over the last several months, there has been trend towards increasing and I guess yesterday there were a whole host of changes, but somewhere actually decreases again like [inaudible]. I guess my question is just from a risk management standpoint how do you evaluate that those changes are purely based on volatility or other perceived underlying market risks? And what have you what kind of observable changes have you seen over time in trading volumes in response to increases or decreases?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: Well, I mean obviously well, maybe let's start with margins are set to ensure the financial safeguards and financial wherewithal of the CME clearinghouse and they are set very much based on volatilities and expected as well as unexpected price movements, but we also take into account a number of other factors so that its a kind of holistic determination including concentration risk. We might set margin requirements, for example, higher if we felt that firms had a very concentration of exposure in a particular market and one that we thought could be increasingly volatile or even if they were sort of sovereign risks involved, we would typically take into account those kinds of issues, any margin requirements. I think in general terms, as you seen most margins increasing in correlation to increased volatility you have seen record volumes and activity on our exchange and so I think it's fair to say that margin requirements arent really impacting trading behaviors or utilization of the product.
Roger Freeman - Lehman Brothers: Okay, that's helpful. And secondly, Rick, you were talking about I think you have made some comments about how increased volatility can actually reduce open interest. Can you just sort of walk through in terms of some of the trading strategies why that's the case? And I guess if you sort of look into April, where volatility has come down, open interest has only slightly come up again. So, it doesn't look like there has been a reversal of that. And I guess also just tied to that, is there any sort of delayed impact from declining open interest into volumes where April today, you were now seeing a 20% plus decline in the average daily volume from March?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Yes, be careful comparing March to April because you have a lot of roll effects and those when you're looking at absolute volume levels. But in general, if it's kind of the old axiom, if you know the direction of the market, pretty futures, if you don't and you just know and you're trying to trade volatility, you trade options, it looks so, I think you need to take a step back and look at something like euro dollar options where volatility is down in April from March it is down from 45% to 40%. So, all these are extremely at high levels. But what happens is in kind of high volatility environments, you have people that become somewhat less willing to hold position for a long period of time. So what you see in more volatile conditions is people trade more futures typically than auction because your holding period becomes much, much shorter. So, you almost have to isolate what the strategies are in those the markets because if you look back in March where there was actually a lot of auctions positions, it looks to us like it were put on to help finance positions within some of these trading entities. But that's also a function what spreads are in the market, for example, and what those opportunities are. That's in market condition that comes and goes. That's something that no one can forecast or foresee.
Roger Freeman - Lehman Brothers: All right, that's helpful. Just real quickly, lastly, just as you talk to your FCMs have you anecdotally heard of any increasing default rates among their customers due to higher volatility prices and commodities?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: No, we haven't really heard that. I mean the only sort of maybe exception to the question that you asked earlier about the impact of margin requirements and trading activity has been I think there has been for some of the grain elevators some pressure in terms of financing the cost of their hedges. But I would call that a more discrete and narrow impact. In the vast majority of our business, we've seen little or no correlation between increased margin requirements and volumes or open interest. So that would be the kind of one exception.
Roger Freeman - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I think that's it for questions. And I would just want to thank everybody for joining us today and we look forward to talking with you again soon.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our call today. We would like to thank everyone for their participation. Have a great day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: John Peschier - IR Craig S. Donohue - CEO James E. Parisi - Managing Director and CFO Phupinder Gill - President Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services
Analysts: Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets Howard Chen - Credit Suisse Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Christopher Allen - Banc of America Securities Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Roger Freeman - Lehman Brothers
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the CME Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2007 Earnings Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Peschier. Please go ahead, sir.
John Peschier - Investor Relations: Thank you, and thank you everyone for joining us this morning. Craig Donohue, our CEO; and Jamie Parisi, our CFO will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of 2007 and the fourth quarter, and then we will open up the call for your questions. Terry Duffy, our Executive Chairman; Phupinder Gill, our President; and Rick Redding, our Head of Products and Services are also here this morning and will participate in the Q&A session. Before they begin, I'll read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the accompanying slides on our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance maybe found in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which is available in the Investor Relations section of the CME Group website. During this call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP pro forma results. A reconciliation is available in our press release and there is an accompanying file on the Investor Relations portion of our website that provides detailed quarterly information on both a GAAP and pro forma basis. Now I would like to turn the call over to Craig.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you for joining us this morning. In many ways, 2007 was a transformative year for CME Group. Not only did we complete our historic merger with the Chicago Board of Trade, but we also delivered tremendous growth and financial results in our core business and positioned our company for future. Total combined trading volume of 2.8 billion contracts grew by more than 29% compared with the prior year with strong performance in every product line. We delivered our seventh consecutive year of volume growth above 20%. Our solid performance reflects our continuing efforts to expand our customer base, improve the speed and functionality of our systems, and develop innovative new products in markets. We certainly proved we could multi-task in 2007. In addition to our volume growth, we continue to execute on our growth initiatives. Hosted by our CME Globex trading platform, NYMEX energy and metals product volume more than tripled from 2006 to 2007, averaging 760,000 contracts per day. Fourth quarter average daily volume rose 130%, representing the sixth consecutive quarter of record volume. We continue to deliver innovative products during 2007 including contracts based on the MSCI Emerging Markets Index, the E-mini S&P SmallCap 600 Index, and the Lehman Brothers Aggregate Bond Index, as well as new commercial real estate and weather contracts. Additionally, we announced plans to launch volatility quoted options in our FX product line, beginning in March 2008. Volatility based quoting is the quoting convention most commonly used in the OTC FX market. As a result of our efforts, we delivered outstanding financial results during 2007. For 2006, I was proud to report record standalone financial results with $1.1 billion of revenues and net income of $407 million. In 2007 on a combined basis, our revenue and net income virtually doubled to $2.1 billion and $817 million respectively. As we turned to 2008, we have many reasons to be enthusiastic about the opportunity in hand. First, the integration to date of the CME and CBOT has been smooth, and our customers and shareholders are now seeing the benefits created by our merger. Just last week, our technology team did a tremendous job of completing the Globex integration for all CBOT agricultural, equity index and interest rate products, and we are now fully prepared to complete the combination of our trading floors by mid-May. As promised, we are on track to deliver at least $150 million of run rate synergies by the end of the year. Second, we continue to broaden the distribution of our highly relevant product set around the world. Recent partnerships in Brazil and Korea highlight our global mindset, and we intend to continue to expand our reach. Third, we made a recent announcement regarding upcoming significant technology speed improvement. We are focused both on the speed within the walls of our datacenters and the speed of orders and market data between us and our customers. Finally, here at CME group we help our customers manage risks through the use of our products. Since we became a public company in 2002, there has been no greater need for risk management than right now. Fortunately, we provide the broadest set of products and the most robust and reliable technology platform coupled with the safety and soundness of the CME clearing house. Most importantly, we have significant pools of liquidity, which our users greatly benefited from whether they are hedging risks or attempting to speculate on short-term price movements in our various products. Before I turn the call over to Jamie, I will provide a few additional details on some of our recent announcements. First, following unanimous approval by the Brazilian Mercantile and Futures Exchange Board of Directors, we executed our definitive agreement with BM&F, which we discussed in detail during the last conference call. We expect this deal to close in Q1 following a vote of the BM&F shareholders on February 26th. Our technology and clearing groups will be working very closely with our partners in Brazil. We currently expect to provide order routing in the second half of 2008 when we also bring our telecommunications hub in Sao Paulo online. We will work closely in conjunction with BM&F's own technology development plan. We look forward to providing our customers more direct access to BM&F products and to more effectively distribute CME Group's products to traders located in Brazil. Furthermore, we continue to forge ahead with plans to increase volume growth in Asia and in addition to our proposed agreement with the Korea Exchange. We are also working to accelerate the distribution of our products into China through our strategy with CFETS and the People's Bank of China. Second, we announced that we will significantly improve the processing speed for all of our electronically traded products. Testing under a replay of peak market conditions indicated that the upgraded CME Globex platform may reduce response times by up to 50%. Our timetable is to deploy the speed enhancement first to all currency products next week and to bring on additional products each week until we are finished with all CME Group and NYMEX products by the end of March. If history has any guide, we expect the improved speed for orders and market data to increase our volumes and deepen our liquidity. In addition to speed, reliability is also critically important, especially during peek times like right after an FOMC or non-farm payroll announcement. Scale is also very important. In January, we handled more than 3.5 billion orders on our Globex platform; and we have the scalability to handle significant growth from here. As a comparison, in January 2007 we processed about 1.2 billion orders. Third, following the close of our merger, we reached out to our Treasury product customers for their input on potential enhancements that could make the Treasury products more successful when they transition to Globex. Unless mean [ph] to our customers and in conjunction with the analysis that we did, we announced several important changes to our Treasury products. We plan to reduce the tick sizes beginning on March 3rd for the 30-year U.S. Treasury Bond futures contract and both the 5-year U.S. Treasury Note futures and options contract. When customers consider the all-in cost of trading, these tick size changes make the products even more competitive with their cash Treasury counter products. We have heard very positive feedback from our customer base as these changes bring the prices for futures into parity with the cash Treasury products. We are confident that these adjustments will make our Treasury products increasingly attractive alternatives to the cash Treasury market. And finally, we recently began to offer block trades for the first time ever for certain CBOT interest rate products to better facilitate the execution of large transactions by futures and cash market participants and harmonizing the trading rules between CME and CBOT interest rate products. Historically these types of trades were done entirely in the cash Treasury market. Once again customer feedback is indicated that there are several users interested in the ability to execute block trades in these products. Turning to our OTC initiative and interest rate, yesterday we announced the 33 buy side participants have committed to an early adapter program for CME Swaps and Swapstream, the first centrally cleared interest rate swaps available to all OTC market participants. These new products will be centrally cleared through CME. The firms representing a wide spectrum of U.S. and European financial institution will lead the effort to bring this new and innovated product to the $272 trillion interest rate swaps market. They will be the first financial institutions to benefit from the balance sheet and operational efficiencies through central counterparty clearing and straight through processing offered by CME. In conclusion, we had a busy and prosperous year in 2007; and 2008 is off to an even better start from a growth perspective. We remain very confident about our future success, driven by our diverse product set leading technology and clearing capabilities, and certainly the considerable talent of our entire employee base. Lastly, I am sure you have questions about the release that came out last week about our negotiations with NYMEX. We will not have any further comments about these negotiations beyond the information in the release until we either reach a definitive agreement or the discussions are terminated. Now I would like to turn the call over to Jamie to discuss our fourth quarter financial results.
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Craig. The GAAP results for the fourth quarter were outlined in detail in the press release. In summary, we delivered net income of $201 million or $3.75 per share. Included within these results were $12.5 million of merger related operating expenses and then $11.3 million reduction of non-operating expense related to the CBOE exercise rights privilege guarantee. The merger related costs included $4.4 million of restructuring expenses, driven primarily by headcount reductions, $3.7 million for the accelerated depreciation of datacenters and $4.4 million for integration and legal expenses. We provided a reconciliation between GAAP and pro forma results in the back of the press release, and we have also posted both GAAP and pro forma historical quarterly income statements on our website starting with Q1 of 2006. As I move on to the details of the income statement, please note that the comparisons I reference are based on the pro forma results. Our total pro forma revenue rose 23% to $530 million in the fourth quarter driven primarily by strong CME Group volumes. Average daily volume was up 23% while the average rate for contract was down about 1%. Our average rate per contract was $64.08 in Q4, down from $65.04 in Q4 last year, but up from $62.02 in the third quarter of 2007. The primary driver of the sequential increase in the RPC was product mix as interest rate products accounted for 60% of total volume in the quarter compared to 64% in Q3. In addition, we had a positive change in the member and non-member mix in the fourth quarter. Lastly, we had a favorable venue mix with 81% of the volume in Q4 traded electronically up from 77% in Q3. Quotation data fees were $50 million for the quarter, up 11% from $45 million in Q4 of 2006. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately 293,000 users who subscribed for the base devices, up more than 5,000 compared to third quarter. In January of 2008, we increased our fee per market data screen from 50 to $55. This increase maybe offset somewhat by decreased demand due to the price sensitivity of some customers and the potential impact of staffing reductions on Wall Street. Our fourth quarter processing services revenues was $16.1 million. In Q4, 07, we handled more than 850,000 NYMEX contracts per day, up from 800,000 contracts in Q3, and 371,000 contracts per day in the fourth quarter of last year. During this quarter, revenues from NYMEX totaled $15.6 million, which averaged $0.29 per contract. I will now take a few minutes to review expenses. Total pro forma operating expenses for Q4 were $204 million, up 1% from versus $203 million for Q4 last year. Comparing to the third quarter this year on a combined basis, expenses were down $6 million or 3%. This sequential reduction was driven primarily by lower compensation expense. Total compensation expense decreased from $81 million to $72 million. There are three components: salaries and benefits, bonus, and stock-based compensation...bonus, and stock-based compensation. Salaries and benefits totaled $54 million, down $2 million sequentially. As of December 31st, the CME Group headcount stood at 1,970, down 20 since the end of the third quarter and down about 180 since the merger. Next, our employee bonus accrual totaled $11 million down $7 million versus Q3 as we reached the maximum bonus payout for the years. And finally, the stock-based portion of compensation was $7 million, which was flat relative to the prior quarter. All other expenses totaled $133 million in the fourth quarter, up $3 million sequentially. Approximately $2 million of the increase was related to our BM&F transaction, which primarily impacted professional fees. Operating margin was 61% on a pro forma basis, our second highest quarter ever. Investment income for the quarter totaled $15.3 million down from prior quarters as we saw the full quarterly impact of lower cash balances following our share and ERP buybacks. We also had interest expense of $2 million in the fourth quarter related to commercial pay per outstanding. Our pre-tax income was $330 million in Q4, up 37% from the fourth quarter last year. Net income for the quarter was $202 million and diluted pro forma EPS was $3.77. Moving onto the balance sheet, as of December 31st, we have $1.05 billion of cash and marketable securities, and short-term debt of $164 million resulting in a net cash position of $884 million that is an increase of $151 million in net cash for Q4. Capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances totaled $74 million in the fourth quarter driven by continued investment in our technology infrastructure including the purchase of land and the building for a new datacenter for $14 million. For the full year, pro forma capital expenditures totaled $159 million. I will now turn to guidance for 2008 for CME Group. We expect pro forma expenses for the year to range from $835 million to $850 million. That would represent a 0 to 2% increase versus 2007 pro forma expense levels driven by normal expense growth rates less merger related expense synergies. Historically, CME expenses have grown between 11 and 13% annually; and in 2008, we expect to benefit from approximately $80 million of incremental expense synergies compared to 2007. By the end of 2008, we expect to achieve run rate expense synergies of at least $150 million. We anticipate between $225 million and $235 million of capital expenditures in 2008 driven by continued technology in real estate related spend. Approximately 75% of our capital spend will be related to technology, and we expect the first phase of the build out of the new datacenter to total around $55 million. This 260,000 square foot building will be...will handle future volume growth and will be outfitted on a build as we grow basis. Looking ahead to 2008, we have raised the cash earnings target well above of where it came in for 2007. At target, employee bonuses would be $36 million. If we are 20% above of the 2008 cash earnings target, employee bonuses would be capped at a maximum of $57 million. In addition, we anticipate the average effective tax rate for 2008 to be approximately 40%. In terms of our share count, we will issue 1.19 million shares of CME stock at the close of the BM&F transaction. We also announced today that we declared a first quarter dividend of $1.15 per share payable March 25th, 2008 to shareholders of record as of March 10th. This dividend represents a 34% increase from the 2007 quarterly dividend of $0.86 per share. And finally, trading volume so far in 2008 has been exceptional. In January, we averaged 14.3 million contracts per day, up 65% compared to last year. With that, we would now like to open up the call for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. We will go first to Rich Repetto of Sandler O'Neill.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: Good morning guys.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Rich.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: I guess first question is just a little bit more clarification, Craig and Jamie on the expense guidance. So you say 835 to 850 in 08 and then...so you will have $80 million I guess of the synergies. Should we look at 09 as having some growth normal and then at $70 million deduction from the run rate to 09 to get to the 150 total?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Just a couple of things; one, the $80 million that I referenced in synergies for 08 is an incremental number versus 07. So we are actually in total absolute synergies for 08, a bit over $100 million. And then we will hit the run rate of 150 at the end of 08, so you can expect for 09 that the synergies would be approximately at least $150 million.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: And incrementally that's 50 or is that...that's what I am not clear about; in 09, incrementally 150?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Incrementally in 09 over the absolute 100 or so for 08 would be $50 million.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: Okay, thanks. And then I guess just on a...we have learnt that the speed of the platform certainly impacts volumes. And from what I understand as you replace and improve speed and you sort of touched on this in the prepared remarks, but it is matching engine for a certain product set or product group. Could you talk a little bit about the schedule of how you replace these...the matching engine, so we might look and try to see the impact on volumes if we have the good versus normal volatility?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Rich, I will take that. I don't think we'll provide huge amount of transparency on that, but we have a significant multitude now of different match engines that we use as you know for different products. And we have recently actually added a significant number associated with the migration of the e-cbot products on to the CME Globex platform. At that time, we announced already a 50% improvement in response time associated with the work that we have already done. And then what we are referring to in the script was further upgrades that we are implementing that will further reduce response times we think very significantly. And we will be doing that across our different product sets.
Phupinder Gill - President: Rich, this is Gill. Just to add to what Craig said, we are not actually replacing any matching engines very simply over the last few weekends brought on what used to trade as the e-cbot onto our Globex platform. From a capacity and speed point of view, we have seen for example an only as an example the average daily volumes of the prone [ph] product that we brought on board in the couple of weeks that they have been here have actually exceeded the average daily volume in the fourth quarter of that [ph] products and the Chicago Board of Trade. And in terms of the capacity issue that you brought up just to put things in perspective, the entire Chicago Board of Trade complex has less trade transactions than the foreign exchange products that CME does here. So, capacity is not an all-in issue for us; and speed, as Craig pointed out, has improved a lot.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: Understood. I guess my last thing, Craig, would...the signing of the BM&F and I understood the routing agreement, distribution and routing; now do you have any idea on when they will approve or likely approve the D&A, and I guess you said second half for any impact. Any help in quantify in what you think the...your impact here on your side from this agreement?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Well, that's a decision that obviously belongs to BM&F. We are expecting that they will implement CME on a phase-in basis within the next couple of years. We don't have anything more specific than that. They are trying to work through not just the process with their own clearing member firms, but also from a regulatory perspective. So we are very confident that they will be successful in doing that, and so we are going to be building the linkage of our network to their environment and vice versa in anticipation of that decision being made.
Richard Repetto - Sandler O'Neill: Okay, congrats guys on a good quarter.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: We will take our next question from Mike Vinciquerra with BMO Capital Markets.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning. I want to ask two questions on the product side. First of all, in the S&P side; just kind of looking at your new contracts, whether your contracts, their open interest has been relatively we show for roughly 5, 6 month and volume having peeked in October has come down a fair amount. Is this one of the situations, where until we really see the transition of open interest over to...we are probably not going to see this contract take offers or are you guys satisfied I guess as the question with open interest in volume in theses contracts?
Unidentified Company Representative: Mike, I think you have to look at it across the whole product set, because not all the users of the Russell 2000 products are specifically benchmarked to the 2000 or using it because of this small cap products. What we have seen if you've looked at the open interest of the mid cap product, it's up of 20% probably from August. If we see people starting to use that...utilize that product as they transition out. People that use the Russell 2 because of the volatility and the lower correlation to the S&P, a lot of them have been moving to the NASDAQ product. So, I wouldn't look at it as just a one-to-one comparison. I think you have to look at it from what the customers needs are. But I think just to your point on small cap 600, what we are starting to see is more and more volume. We haven't necessarily seen it in the open interest yet, but that will come as more liquidity develops in the product.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, that's helpful, thank you. And then actually another question for you; the percent of options trading electronically, we calculated it around 10% I guess in January, which has been bumping up and down between 10% back in August dipping and in fact 10 in January. Are you seeing the progress there that you would have anticipated? Or is there another version of your user-defined spreads that maybe coming out in the next few months it would provide some more functionality?
Unidentified Company Representative: I don't think it's the functionality from CME. And Mike I think what you see is customers getting it through their systems to put it into their order management system. So each time a new bank or firm puts that into their system, we tend to see a little bump in volume. Again it's difficult to see a kind on a month-to-moth you need to look at it over a longer period of time. What we are more pleased with is actually the growth in those products both on the floor and electronically. As we look at the absolute number of Eurodollar options traded electronically so far looking at January, they are up by quite a bit. You are looking at about 150,000 a day. So it's not where we would like it, but on an absolute level, it's doing quite well. And we will continue to push that in 08.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Understand. Okay, great, thank you. And then just one question on the tick size for the Treasury contracts; how did the market makers react to that and should we from the outside kind of looking at this is something similar to what's going on with the...not as dramatic, but the penny pilot in equity options were simply trying to bring the spreads down and make the products a little bit more tradable for different types of investors.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I will take that, Mike. I think in all these kinds of situations, we have to sort of balance the different interest of all of our customers. And generally speaking the market makers would I think, it's fair to say, prefer a larger tick size. But on balance having talked to our customers starting in June and July and from the completion of the merger, we just felt that this was an appropriate change, and we factored in as we mentioned I think during the prepared remark that we were looking at transaction costs in the cash Treasury market, which is the most direct substitute for customers, who are using alternatives to our Treasury futures products. And we thought that on balance this was the best step to take in order to make our products more attractive relative to the cash market. I think these changes will do that.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: And might also happen to be someone is trying to put together competitive point. But thanks, Craig, I appreciate your answer.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Well it, serves that purpose as well, no doubt about that.
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you guys.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Good morning everyone.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Howard.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Congrats on a strong quarter and healthy start with New Year. I had a few questions...I guess first one is a follow-up for Craig. We mentioned during the quarter there was an announcement about a new consortium of financial institution creating a new exchange and targeting Treasury future. Curious in any thoughts you have on this competitive spread out of the CME franchise is maybe different today than phasing it in the past and what lessons management learned since the major...last major competition from the European Exchange?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Right. Well, I mean I think in keeping with our past practice, two things at the outset I mean one is it's a serious effort, and one that we take very seriously. And we try to look at all of these competitive situations as opportunities for us to focus on our customers to make sure that we are doing the absolute best job whether that's the product itself or whether that's the speed and efficiency of the platform or clearing capital relative efficiencies. And I think generally speaking over the last ten years, whether it is in reference to CME or CBOT, we have generally embraced competition very much to our advantage, having I think increased our market share relative to our competitors. So, it's serious. We are looking at it very carefully. Mike mentioned obviously the tick size reduction and implementation of the block trading facilities also do help make us more competitive relative to the consortium. We would have done those things anyway based on the customer feedback that we were getting, but if it helps to make us more competitive in the marketplace, there is nothing wrong with that either. So, we are taking that very seriously. I do think certain things have changed obviously some of the earlier challenges involved electronic offerings versus the hybrid model that we have employed. At this point, obviously we are very predominantly electronic and the Treasury in Eurodollar and market. So I don't think it's really about technology, but we think that with the efficiency low cost of trading that we have the deep liquidity, the technology and platform and clearing advantages, we will be a good competitor in this market.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Thanks, Craig. My next question is for Rick if he is still there. On the CBOT integration, I know it's really early after the migration of Globex, but qualitatively, can you share with us any interesting early returns you are seeing among any shift in volume, depth of liquidity and the books and broadening of the user base?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: Yes, Howard, it is early in looking at this. But we have taken some time to look at the quality of the markets and its depths of our number of the products. And what we have found is across the board there is more depth at every price level in these products. And we are particularly proud in looking at the commodity type products that we have done several test to see how deep those markets are, and we clearly see more depth and the market makers are really stepping up now that it's on the Globex platform.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks. And then final one for me is on the numbers for Jamie. Congrats for finally hitting that bonus cap this year. Nonetheless so, comp is still a lot lower that we had anticipated. Were there any CBOT cost synergies flowing through the comp line item this quarter? I guess what I am really trying to get at it how much is the quarter-to-quarter decline in comp expenses quarter? Should we think it's sticky going forward into 08?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: If you look at the comp, Howard, on just the comp and benefit it's so down about to $2 million excluding the bonus favorable variance. We had a decrease in our average debt of roughly 70 people that was a key driver there, and so that it flows through as a result of the synergies.
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks so much, guys.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Howard.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Niamh Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Thanks for taking my questions, good morning. Just on the expense synergies, can you just clarify that 835 to 850, we appreciate getting the number there. But does that include severance and restructuring expenses as well?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: No, the 835 to 850 the pro forma number so it excludes merger related costs and they are roughly $10 million or so for 08.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, that's helpful, thanks so much. And then for Craig or maybe Gill on the clearing services, I was just wondering...I know we talked about it before, but have you made any progress or will we hear something more shortly maybe about you levering the clearing business into maybe providing just clearing facilities for other products?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Niamh, we are obviously very focused on offering clearing services separate and apart from execution or trading services or products. And we are working on that right now. So I don't have a lot more to say on that, but we are obviously always looking at new opportunities to clear products if we can offer something valuable for the market.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, fair enough, that's fine, thanks. And then just on Swapstream and congrats on getting the list yesterday with quite a lot of names on there. But I guess the large dealer banks, who really do participate so much in the soft market, I noticed too many of those on their; should we expect this is to be primarily more of an institutional buy side driven venture definitely outside and help me think about what might be the catalyst defending to maybe get some of the dealers engaged on it?
Unidentified Company Representative: Clearly, we are focusing on getting some of the other banks into this program. Some of the larger banks do also though necessarily want to be on a press release announcing their involvement in the fact that they maybe making markets on the platform. But it is clearly something that our team is focused on.
Niamh Alexander - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay thanks so much for taking my question.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks Niamh.
Operator: We will take our next question from Chris Allen with Banc of America.
Christopher Allen - Banc of America Securities: Hey guys, nice quarter.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks Chris.
Christopher Allen - Banc of America Securities: Just a quick number of questions; for the 1.9 million increased in share count for BM&F, should we start averaging that at the end of February?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: It's 1.19 million and the shareholder vote and the BM&F side occurs at the end of February.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: February 26, approximately would be shortly there after.
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: February 26.
Christopher Allen - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And then just following up on Niamh's question just one about Swapstream. I mean obviously we have seen some of the challenges you guys have faced with FX market fee. You can just comment in terms of what you have learned with the evolution of the FX marketplace and how you, I mean tend to make Swapstream that would be helpful.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Chris, I think one of the things that we have recently done in market space was to change the incentive program to get more aligned providing deeper liquidity. I think what you are seeing in the Swapstream proposal is starting some of those incentive programs upfront to provide...get people to provide liquidity to that marketplace. So, I think we will start kind of incentives the right way from the beginning.
Christopher Allen - Banc of America Securities: And have the incentive programs in FX marketplace had a market impact so far or...
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, they haven't announced results, but from what we are seeing the jump ball as we call it, the incentive that just started on January 15th is actually showing very good results. So we probably should have started those a little earlier.
Christopher Allen - Banc of America Securities: Great. And then just lastly, just in terms of on the block trading; if I recall correct, you already have that on the Eurodollar side. I mean just helping with impact, should we think about nearly coming to the impact in terms of the Eurodollar trading.
Unidentified Company Representative: From most of the time, you see block trades and the interest rate markets. People are trying to move a fairly large size. So you will necessarily see a lot transactions, but they will tend to be pretty large in nature. And so far since we have started, where we have seen some activities actually on the Treasury option side, where People have done a few blocks. But this is another way as Craig mentioned earlier is to be competitive with the cash Treasury market to try to get some of those trades that we probably weren't seeing before.
Christopher Allen - Banc of America Securities: Great, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jonathan Casteleyn with Wachovia.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets: Hi good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi Jonathan.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi Jonathan.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets: I am just curious if you have actually met with some of the members from the competing consortiums since our announcement in December. And just curious if there is a way to understand the percentage of that business in Treasuries and I think since the dollars comp that you announced also Euro dollar, and any way to get an understanding of their percentage of business in those products?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Well, we don't disclose, but I think it's fair to say that the consortium numbers represent significant customers of the exchange in Treasuries and Eurodollars both in terms of...at least in term so the buy side participants their involvement in the market and also the order flow providers. Having said that though, we obviously have a very mature and well developed and diverse customer base in those products. So to answer your question more directly, I mean we have all our spin-out talking to all of our customers and clearing member firms. And I think generally speaking, we can say that we have a very good relationship with all of these customers. It's not unusual for customers to participate in consortia. You've seen that in virtually every segment of the market price, certainly equities, options, energy, European markets, North American market. So, it's not surprising. I think that our job is to continue to make our customers happy with what we do in terms of transaction cost and technology in clearing, and I am confident that we will do that. But we are very actively involved in talking to our customers on a very regular basis, and we will continue to do so.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets: Right. And it seems these things tend to crop up from time-to-time. I am just curious, with your very robust market structure trading speed from solvency to clearing house. I mean what do you think their objective is or has been in the past?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think it's not for us to really speculate on that. I mean, I think in general terms there is certainly a mindset that it's helpful to have these kinds of efforts so that we can be very cognizant of their interest in low transaction fees or exchange fess. I don't think that's really necessary given them that we've had I think such a remarkably good history of reducing costs for market users, and being the low cost provider for the largest liquidity providers or largest traders in the market, but nevertheless that's what they find to be valuable then. It's hard for us to argue with that. So I think that's a little bit of the mindset. And obviously sometimes also you see people, who are coming together in these kind of things, because they want to offer different kind of execution mechanism I think that our block trading facilities will response to that as well in the same way that we have been successful in implementing that Eurodollar futures.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets: Great, thanks a lot; that makes sense. And just an update for Rick on CFETS. You've talked broadly about some system testing in the spring; just wondering do you think this is an 08 event as far as coming on stream as a revenue initiative.
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: We continue to work through one of the issues on the operational side. You are absolutely right, Jonathan that we are moving forward through that. We still have some regulatory hurdles to overcome that we are working through pretty diligently. So, I am a little hesitant to say exactly when because of the regulatory issues that were still working through. But from an operational side, we are making great progress.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, great. And just lastly, this is a combined question for Craig and Jamie. Just looking at the ERP guarantee, Jamie, I am assuming you are booking the optionality of that put option or that guarantee, right? Just wondering so going forward, if you were to take the entire guarantee, you left with about what $260 million to $270 million, is that correct?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. The grand total is $333 million, but we have the $159 million that we own right.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets: Right, okay. So then do you know that item is tax deductible as you run it through or...
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, if we had a...in the end if we have the loss, yes.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. It is tax deductible. Okay, and just curious any update on a legal situation I know there was a rendering from the SEC of sort of put back to Delaware courts, still pretty from our end [ph] and I don't have a lot of understanding as to what the next step is in timing, can you...Craig, can you give us an update?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: There is not much to say, it is as you correctly point out, back in the Delaware court. I think it was relatively clear from the outset that the Delaware judge was going to reserve from self the determination of the ultimate questions in the case, which as you know relate to the ownership interest of the CBOT full member ERP holders. So and that chance I think SEC process of largely sort of a distraction from that. So it's back in the court, and we continue to have a very positive view of the merits of the case for the full members CBOT ERP holders in terms of those particular issues.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets: Any idea of timing as to when the next milestone is?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Only the judge can say.
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks for your time.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks Jonathan.
Operator: We will take our next question from Daniel Harris with Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: I was wondering digging down a little bit more into the increase speed and technology that you guys have talked about. You can give us a sense of how many clients is that really important to versus what percent of the volumes they may control. And then If guess sort of more on that If you can give me a sense of how you think about increasing speed and to some extent technology cost and versus maybe keeping the speed where it is given that you are significantly faster than most other exchanges out there, but increasing things like marketing or market maker services or even something with the pricing of the product?
Unidentified Company Representative: I mean Daniel if we've looked historically, every time we have been able to find some efficiency on the speed side. But we have been fortunate to have our volumes go up. Because the segment of clients that this really appeals to the algorithmic traders. Those are the folks that really have the need for reduce speed. We have said in the past we think the algorithmic traders are roughly 35, 45% on the volume. So it's a fairly significant fee of our volume. So clearly to your point at some point, it doesn't pay to increase the speed at all, but I think we are long way away from that. For example just to give you an anecdotal on speed and how important it is to these algorithmic traders when we introduced the collocation facility for a client in Chicago, it only saved them about 50 micro seconds, and we basically sold that facility out very quickly. So we still see our clients are still demanding reduce speed times to improve their trading.
Unidentified Company Representative: Just on a cost perspective, I think you can see that our cost per quarter process to even cost per trade has been coming down even as we made these improvements.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: Right, thanks, I appreciate that. Jamie, actually can you take a little about the cash position you guys have and how you are thinking about capital of management at this point and additional share repurchases versus keeping cash on hands for either acquisitions or other corporate events?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, Daniel. We have been saying all along that we wanted to maintain the flexibility in our capital structure, because we realize that the industry we are consolidating and you saw the recent announcement that we are in discussions with NYMEX. So there is potential therefore significant use of cash.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: So did you do any significant repurchases in the fourth quarter?
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: No, there is no...there the only repurchase that we have done is the tender offer related to the Board of Trade merger. And there is no repurchase or reauthorization currently.
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks. And then just lastly here on the BM&F and the CME agreement, which is as you point out selected to start later on this year. Do you anticipate that there will be more activities from the U.S. clients wanting to trade Brazilian products or more flow coming other way from new users in Brazil that didn't really have access to the GLOBEX platform before, thanks a lot.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Sure, I mean...it's Craig. We are hoping that it will be both and that's part of the overall arrangements that we have made. I mean first of all, we obviously have a very kind of well developed and diverse global customer base connected to us electronically. So the Globex distribution network should be, we think, very helpful for increasing business and BM&F products. But then similarly there is also a lot of customers in Brazil and in Latin America, who don't necessarily trade through the large global clearing number firms, and who might be trading through more regional Brazilian banks and broker dealers. So having that connectivity between Brazil and us and the telecommunications hub would be referred to should be helpful as well. And we are looking at the Brazilian investment and partnership as really the first start of what we hope will be larger strategy for Latin America in terms of marketing and sales activity, education and training. And so we definitely think that those things should be helpful for generating increased volumes out of Latin America in our products. I can safely say that...I mean Latin America has really not been in area that we've focused on yet as a company in terms of marketing and sales activity and this is certainly a start in that direction, and a low cost way for us to take advantage of that opportunity.
Operator: And we will go next to Don Fandetti with Citigroup.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup: Rick, obviously there is...the volumes have been very strong for whatever reasons there seems to be there is underlying concern in the marketplace about a potential slowdown. What are you hearing from your clients and what do you think skeptics might be missing in terms of their concerns about sort of moderation following the spike.
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: I think there is...that's a big question with a lot of different pieces to it. Because I think...first thing, I think you have to understand the differences in our customer base. I think we have heard in the past or people have written in the past about de-levering, which clearly we haven't seen in our products and I think the open interest is kind of the best empirical way to look at that. So if they are de-levering, they don't seem to be doing it in the exchange traded products here. The other thing is another customer segment and I think people were not looking at fully was the concept of a lot of the what I call them electronic market makers or algorithmic traders that are high velocity. This whole concept of de-leveraging doesn't mean anything to them, because they essentially go home flat every day. So, what they are looking at is the opportunity for that incremental trade for the risks that they are talking in it. So what we've seen is that the markets have become more volatile. These traders obviously are enjoying probably a lot more opportunities than they've had for quite sometime. So I think if you look at it for a new segment declines the way we look at them, what we see is the very different needs for our products among these segments. And if one segment of the clients is actually changing, another segments probably picking that trade up. The other thing to look at is, because of the depth of the products is, even if one part of our bank is...their business is down, it doesn't necessarily mean that whole bank's business is down. It actually may shift to another desk for example. For example, I mean we have had instances in the past, where people revise or is not going to happen. So typically what you see is trading move to other dust within those banks such as the asset liability or the funding desk for the short-term desk, so...or on the credit desk or the Treasury desk. So, I think it's very difficult for people in the outside to see how these shifts take place in market. But I think thankfully, because we have such a diverse user, we've done very, very well; and we are pleased with our customer base.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup: If I could just follow-up on that, in terms of the algorithmic traders, are there any sort of risk that we should monitor there that might lead to the moderation whether it's a saturation in that business or any other factors?
Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services: I think at any point in time in the last five years. People have always wondered that and I think what is happening in that business. If that's an ever evolving business. More people come into algorithmic trading every day, almost literally. And in this programs of all, people who have much more sophisticated programs. The nature of that business has changed to where it's not just who has the fastest machine. People are using very quantitative, very sophisticated programs to make more trades. One of the great things of putting the CBOT and NYMEX products on the platform has been it gives people more opportunities to trade. It creates trading opportunities that weren't there before. So, those are some of the things. I think we have a little better look into, because we get to see the volumes.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we will take our last question today from Roger Freeman with Lehman Brothers.
Roger Freeman - Lehman Brothers: Hi, good morning. I wanted to come back to some of the competitive issues. If we look...I think about this four season consortium. Maybe, Craig, can you talk about the types of products that are...that can be most address the competition i.e. when you look at products for open interest to spread serially across the curve versus those that aren't. I think zero dollars or that way, Treasuries maybe not so much. Because I think that's probably the biggest issue here right in terms of moving open interest for anyone, who would try to compete.
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: I think that that's probably a viewpoint that many people would share in terms of in a soft month concentrated futures contracts perhaps been somewhat easier. I think that's probably an over simplification at least in the sense that at the end of the our customers are making trading decisions based on the liquidity that's available and the low transaction cost. And I don't mean by that just the fact that we have a low cost provider in terms of exchange fees, but I really mean in effective spreads and market impact costs. And so, regardless of whether you are thinking about a very complex product like Eurodollars about the spread trading across the yield curve or across the various Eurodollar contract or whether you are thinking even about concentrated product while Treasury, futures, I think you are still dealing with the same issue, which is that people are looking for the best execution in market. And obviously we have very deep liquidity, very, very efficient markets. And that's our greatest competitive advantage ultimately is that every second of every day is people are making trading decisions that's where the most effective market is.
Roger Freeman - Lehman Brothers: Okay. That's helpful thanks. And I guess just somewhat connected to that; the...I think just as you sent a letter last Thursday to Treasury suggesting that the vertically integrated clearing; is there any competitor? And I guess I am wondering what your...I know your position on that is, but how much waiting you think that their opinion on that matter has in terms of...from looking for suggest and make market structure better?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: I think that there is obviously a diversity of opinion on clearing structures and I think there will continue to be a debate about that. But the reality, as I said, I said this many times that the vast, vast, vast majority of futures and options contracts traded globally are clear vertically. And something like more than 70 or 75% and further more you see greater trend toward vertical clearing than you do horizontal clearing. Future has been I think a great example of that of having acquired the New York Clearing Corporation through its acquisition of NYBOT. And then it's announced its clear effort in Europe essentially to take away the clearing that was previously outsourced to LCH clearing that as a horizontal provider you have you expect totally vertically integrated. So, there is...this comes down to competition essentially. We have some of the clearing member firms that if they could, we would prefer to have a horizontally controlled low cost clearing utility. And then you have exchanges that obviously have had that for a long time. I think it's very hard to change the way the market is currently organized. You have got very large organizations that have been very successful with these models. You see increased movement in that direction toward vertical clearing. So, it's kind of a theoretical academic debate more than it is anything. But there is always going to be that debate. This is not a new issue; it's been going on for 25 or 30 years.
Roger Freeman - Lehman Brothers: That it is. Okay, last question; in terms of product that's moving over to...from BOT [ph] to the Globex, I think you talk about I think how that [ph] products are already trading more volume than they were. Is there any other changes in functionality or order types as these products...as these electronic products migrate over that helps per volume other than just the overall better performance for the Globex platform?
Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I mean it's not just the platform, but there are some different functionalities between e-cbot and Globex. One of the things so is just getting them on the same platform is very important for the market makers. Their ability to make markets, because it's on the same platform is enhanced. That's what we have seen from the data we have looked at so far is the...we just have more depth in the market now, because of the market makers. The other thing is it opens that up to more people. There are people that were more CME centric or more CBOT centric. Getting them under the same platforms is actually opening up the market for new opportunities or some of these market making firms.
Roger Freeman - Lehman Brothers: All right. Thanks, that's helpful.
Operator: And at this time, I would like to turn the call back to over Mr. Donohue for any closing remarks.
James E. Parisi - Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, this is Jamie. Thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your continued interest in CME. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter. Don't forget to vote and Happy Fat Tuesday.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Fucher - Investor Relations Terrence A. Duffy - Chairman of the Board Craig S. Donohue - Chief Executive Officer, Director James E. Parisi - Chief Financial Officer, Managing Director Rick Redding - Head of Products and Services
Analysts: Rich Repetto - Sandler O'Neill Howard Chen - Credit Suisse Niamh Alexander - KBW Mike Vinciquerra - BMO Chris Allen - Banc of America Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Capital Edward Ditmire - Fox-Pitt, Kelton Rob Rutschow - Deutsche Bank Ken Worthington - JP Morgan
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CME Group Q307earnings results. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, foropening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over toMr. John [Fucher]. Please go ahead, sir.
John Fucher: Thank you and thank you all for joining us. Terry Duffy, ourExecutive Chairman; Craig Donohue, our CEO; and Jamie Parisi, our CFO, willspend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the third quarter and then wewill open up the call for your questions. Phupinder Gill, our President, andRick Redding, our head of Products and Services, have also joined us thismorning and will participate in the Q&A session. Before they begin, Ill read the Safe Harbor language:statements made on this call and in the accompanying slides on our website thatare not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements arenot guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties andassumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes andresults may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in anyforward-looking statements. More detailed information about factors that may affect ourperformance may be found in our filings with the SEC, including our most recentquarterly report on Form 10-Q, which is available in the investor relationssection of the CME Group website. During this call, we will refer to GAAP and non-GAAP proforma results. A reconciliation is available in our press release and there isan accompanying file on the investor relations portion of our website thatprovides detailed quarterly information on a GAAP and pro forma basis. Now I would like to turn the call over to Terry.
Terrence A. Duffy: Thank you, John, and thank you all for joining us thismorning. As you all know, we closed our merger with CBOT in mid-July and weproceeded to post the strongest quarter in our history, with records across theboard. Our success in the third quarter offered a glimpse of whatour combined capabilities will be going forward. We are in the process ofpositioning ourselves to reap the benefits of the growing need for innovativerisk management products available around the clock and delivered in a highlyreliable and efficient way. In August, the financial markets encountered turbulence andusers increasingly turn to the CME Group to manage their risk. Overall, CMEGroup volumes in the third quarter rose by 49%, driven primarily by thestrength in our financial products. Our E-mini equity product line led the way, up 83% comparedto the same quarter a year ago, followed by FX, up 50%, and interest rates up43%. The energy and metals products we trade on behalf of our partners at ,reached a record for the fifth quarter in a row, with volume quadrupling from ayear ago. CME Next, I want to update you on our integration planning. Sofar, the process is running very smoothly. We are on track for the cutover forCBOT products on to CME Globex, which will happen in two phases. First, on January 13th, we will add CBOT commodity andequity products and on January 27th, we will add the CBOT interest rateproducts. We have provided a Globex certification testing environment forcustomers since mid-August, and we have been working with over two dozenfront-ends and proprietary firms, as they test CBOT products on Globex. Mocktrading is slated to begin on December 1st. In terms of the trading floors, beginning in March we willmove CME floor traded equity products to our CBOT location, followed by CMEinterest rate and FX products in April, and we will finish with our commodityproducts in May. Construction is underway on the expanded floors of the CBOTlocation. In summary, the merger between these two great exchanges isprogressing well, and while we are pleased with our Q3 results, we continue tolook forward. Craig will update you on that progress. Craig.
Craig S. Donohue: Thank you, Terry. As you mentioned, our integration processis going very well. In addition, we said all along that our ability to combinethe CME and CBOT quickly, based on the tremendous efforts of our teams,positions us to immediately pursue valuable growth opportunities, which wereevidenced by our announcements yesterday. We have discussed our long-term strategy extensively in thepast. Our strategy is to innovate and launch new products, increase revenuesfrom third-party transaction processing, launch new non-core businesses in thehigh growth, over-the-counter markets, and to expand globally. Today, I am going to focus our efforts on global expansion.We announced yesterday that we have signed a non-binding letter of intent withrespect to a proposed, pre-IPO equity investment in the Brazilian Mercantileand Futures Exchange, known as BM&F, the worlds fourth largest futuresexchange. CME Group will acquire a 10% equity stake in BM&F inexchange for approximately 2% of CME Group at the close of BM&Fs initialpublic offering, which is expected to occur later this year. The investment issubject to negotiation of definitive documents and BM&F regulatory andshareholder approval. BM&F is the largest and most successful derivativesmarket in South America, with average daily volume on a year-to-date basis of$1.8 million. Through August, BM&F volume is up 69%, as you can see onslide 8 in ourattached slides. On the next slide, you can see the product breakdown forBM&F. Their largest product line is interest rates, followed by foreignexchange, and equity index futures. Like CME, BM&F is largely a pure play derivativesexchange and they are also vertically integrated with their own clearing house.Brazil has emerged as the worlds tenth largest economy and the ability todevelop and link our markets creates significant opportunities for both ourcustomers and our shareholders. In addition to the cross equity investment, the letter ofintent also contemplates the establishment of an order routing agreement inwhich CME Group would connect the CME Globex electronic distribution network toBM&F and BM&F would connect its distribution to CME Globex for therouting of order for electronic trading of the products of both exchanges. CME Group and BM&F also expect to enter into aMemorandum of Understanding to consider additional commercial arrangements,which may include the following; we would connect the CME Globex electronicdistribution network to BM&F; CME Group would provide offshore collateralmanagement services to the BM&F clearing houses for non-Brazilian Realdenominated collateral; BM&F would become a super clearing member of CMEGroup in order to facilitate access to CME Group products on behalf of BM&Fmarket participants that lack independent arrangements with CME Group clearingmembers; and CME and BM&F would work together to develop and market newproducts for the Brazilian and South American markets to take advantage of theexpertise, distribution, and resources of both organizations. We are very impressed with the leadership team in place atBM&F and we look forward to working with them in the years to come.BM&F is currently in a quiet period associated with its IPO and, out ofrespect for that process, we are limited in terms of providing further detailsor projections, but we will provide you with additional information furtherdown the road. Also yesterday, we announced that CME Group and the KoreaExchange, a premier exchange in Northeast Asia, intend to enter into aprocessing agreement for the KOSPI 200 futures contract to be lifted on the CMEGlobex platform beginning in 2008. The five-year agreement would include thecreation of a telecoms hub in Seoul and will be the first time KRX has enteredinto a processing agreement related to its popular KOSPI products. More than 32million KOSPI 200 futures, based on the KOSPI 200 stock index of the largestKorean companies, have traded so far this year through August. CME will matchthe trades with KRX continuing to clear and settle their products. The contractwould trade on the CME Globex platform from 2:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. Chicagotime, or 5:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m. Seoul time. Asia is a vital area of long-term growth for both CME Groupproducts and our transaction processing services, and we look forward toproviding our world-class platform in this new partnership. We believe thisagreement is an important step to expand our global reach. These two developments illustrate the value CME Group canprovide as a partner of choice for exchanges around the globe. From ourperspective, the true globalization of the derivatives markets is in itsinfancy, and we intend to be a leader in this area. We have created the worldsfastest, most widely distributed and reliable derivatives trading platform, andwe have the worlds leading clearing house. Our goal is to offer world-class processing services to ourpartners, enhancing their ability to grow. We have two very good case studiesof that with NYMEX and CBOT, which were large, important processing agreementswhich displayed our ability to leverage the scaleable infrastructure we havebuilt. In conclusion, we continue to execute on our business modelson multiple fronts. As Terry mentioned, the August time period was extremelybusy and we met the challenge greater uncertainty caused as institutionaltraders in this environment to turn to CME Group for their risk managementneeds. They demand deep pools of transparent, anonymous liquidity, and from acapital perspective, safety and efficiency. Our regulated futures business is the beneficiary of thesecustomer demands and while we are in the early stages of penetrating the largerOTC markets, we are nonetheless excited to deploy our existing capabilities ina meaningful way in that segment of the market. Now I would like to turn the call over to Jamie to discussour third quarter financial results.
James E. Parisi: By all measures, the third quarter was one of the greatestever for CME Group. While handling record trading volumes, our rate forcontracts was down only slightly, while we began to reap the benefits of ourmerger and continued to leverage our systems and distribution. The GAAP results for the third quarter were outlined indetail in the press release. In summary, we delivered net income of $202million, or $3.87 per share, including CBOT related results after July 12th.Included within these results were $20 million of merger related operatingexpenses and $28.5 million of merger related non-operating expenses. Additionally, we made a few revisions to the presentation ofthe income statement. On the revenue side, we combined access fees withcommunication fees and building revenue with other revenue. On expenses, we combined occupancy with building, marketingwith other, and we added an amortization line and a restructuring line. Weprovided a reconciliation between GAAP and pro forma results in the back of thepress release and we have also posted both GAAP and pro forma historical quarterlyincome statements on our website, starting with Q1 of 2006. Pro forma results exclude merger related costs of $20million in the third quarter. This can be broken into four components. First,we recorded a payment of $6 million for the settlement of the class actionlawsuit between LAMPERS and CBOT. Second, we incurred integration and legalexpenses of $6 million. Third, we had $4 million of restructuring expense,driven primarily by headcount reductions; and lastly, we booked $4 million ofaccelerated depreciation associated with decommissioning CBOTs data centers. In addition, we had $28.5 million of non-operating,merger-related expense related to the guarantee of the CBOT exercise rightprivileges. The CBOT results from July 1st to July 12th were included inthe pro forma numbers, which added $20 million of revenue, $9 million ofoperating expense, and $7.3 million of net income. From this point forward, I am going to provide comparisonsbased on the pro forma results. Our total pro forma revenue rose 41% to $585million for the third quarter, increasing $172 million compared with the samequarter last year, driven by strong CME Group and NYMEX trading volumes. CME Group average daily volume was up 49% while the averagerate per contract was down less than 2% compared to Q3 2006. Our average rate per contract was $0.622 in Q3, down from$0.632 in Q3 last year and $0.639 in the second quarter of 2007. The primarydriver of the sequential drop in the RPC was the impact of our volume discounts,particularly in foreign exchange products. In addition, growth in lower feemember volumes out-paced the growth in non-member volumes. Quotation data fees were $49 million for the quarter, up 12%from $44 million in Q3 of 2006. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately287,000 users paying for the base devices on a combined basis, up more than1,000 compared to second quarter. Beginning in January of 2008, we will be increasing our feeper market data screen from $50 to $55. This increase may be offset somewhat bydecreased demand due to the price sensitivity of some customers and the impactof staffing declines on Wall Street. Our processing services revenue, which is now drivenprimarily by our NYMEX agreement, was $15.3 million, tripling from $5.2 millionin Q3 2006. During the third quarter, we handled more than 800,000 NYMEXcontracts per day, up from 710,000 contracts in Q2 and 175,000 contracts perday in the third quarter of last year. During this quarter, we averaged $0.29per contract based on our NYMEX agreement. Ill now take a few minutes to review expenses. Total proforma operating expenses for Q3 were $211 million, up 7% versus $197 millionfor Q3 last year. Comparing to the second quarter of this year on a combinedbasis, expenses were virtually unchanged despite a revenue increase of $75million sequentially. Compensation expense was up $4.3 million, whilenon-compensation related items were down 4.3. Total compensation relatedexpense increased sequentially from $76 million to $81 million. There are threecomponents of this expense -- salaries and benefits, bonus, and stock-basedcompensation. Salaries and benefits totaled $56 million, down $4 millionsequentially. This was driven by a reduction in headcount beginning in August,which reduced our workforce during the quarter by approximately 130 people. As of September 30th, the CME Group headcount stands at1,990. Next, our employee bonus accrual totaled $18 million, up $8million sequentially due to our superior performance during Q3. Our maximumbonus for the year is $47 million and through three quarters, we have expensed$34 million. Finally, the stock-based portion of compensation was $7million, up $1 million from the prior quarter. All other expenses totaled $130 million in the thirdquarter, down $4.3 million sequentially. We saw an increase in thevolume-related expenses, specifically license fees, which was offset by areduction in discretionary expense, particularly in marketing and publicrelations, which we expect to return to normal levels in Q4. Operating margin was 64% on a pro forma basis, our highestquarter ever. Moving on to the equity and losses of unconsolidatedsubsidiaries, it totaled $3.7 million, basically at similar levels compared tothe past two quarters. We expect the loss to come in at a similar level in thefourth quarter and we will update our 2008 guidance for FX market space when wereport our 2007 year-end financial results. Our pretax income was $393 million in the quarter, up 68%from the third quarter last year. Net income for the quarter was $236 million,and diluted pro forma EPS was $4.31. Moving on to the balance sheet, at the end of the secondquarter, we had $1.95 billion in cash and marketable securities. In the thirdquarter, we spent approximately $1.5 billion on the fixed tender, CBOT dividendand ERP payment. As of September 30th, we have $898 million of cash andmarketable securities and short-term debt of $165 million, related to the fixedprice tender offer, resulting in a net cash position of $733 million. Capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowancestotaled $39 million in the third quarter, driven by continued investment in ourtechnology infrastructure and leasehold improvements. We previously gaveguidance for second half CapEx of $95 million to $105 million, which wecontinue to expect, resulting in Q4 CapEx of about $55 million to $65 million. Including yesterdays volume, our average daily volume inOctober is approximately 9.2 million contracts, up 14% versus the same period ayear ago. The financial power inherent in our business model has neverbeen more apparent than it was in this quarter. On a year-over-year basis, proforma revenue grew by $172 million, while expenses rose only $13 million. Thisrepresented incremental margins in excess of 90%. Our team is very focused on the opportunity to improve onour performance by delivering the merger-related synergies we outlined, whilecontinuing to seek out and deliver on growth opportunities. With that, we would now like to open up the call for yourquestions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today will come from RichRepetto with Sandler O'Neill.
RichRepetto - Sandler O'Neill:
Craig S. Donohue: Rich, let me start with that. Obviously this is a somewhatdifferent arrangement than the NYMEX arrangement, in that we are essentiallyfacilitating after-hours from a Korean time zone perspective, matching servicesin the KOSPI 200 futures contract, and so we look at this as primarily anopportunity to expand the Asian based products on the CME Globex platform, andas we mentioned, well be installing a telecommunications hub in Seoul, Korea,so that we can actually make more efficient the connectivity betweenKorea-based investors and the CME Globex platform. Really not just for theKOSPI 200 after hours, but obviously for expanding participation in all of ourother more liquid products on the CME Globex platform, so I would think of itin that fashion rather than as a close comparable to the NYMEX processingarrangement. With respect to your second question, we are very broadlyfocused on Asia and there are a lot of different and discrete parts to Asia. Ithink you know that weve been very active in Japan, China, India, now Koreaand we look at the opportunity set in each of those places as very different. In addition to that, we have very established marketingcapabilities in places like Singapore and Australia and Hong Kong, and we havean existing telecommunications hub in Singapore, with one coming on as part of our[CFETCH] arrangement in China in Shanghai. So we have a multitude of differentgrowth initiatives throughout Asia.
Rich Repetto -Sandler O'Neill: And I guess -- is it fair to assume that since you aregrowing these after hour volumes on Globex and probably your profitability ofthe revenue capture is going to be greater than say NYMEX?
Craig S. Donohue: Ill make one comment and ask Jamie to elaborate, butobviously growth in trading volumes during the Asian time zone is veryattractive for us because we have invested in significant processing capabilityand capacity and since the vast majority of trade flows tend to occur duringthe North American and part of the European hours, thats obviously verypositive for us.
James E. Parisi: Id agree with that. Clearly weve got excess capacity inour evening hours on our current Globex system. The one thing to keep in mindis that there is the up-front costs of establishing a hub and the ongoing costof establishing a hub, which is relatively small in the grand scheme of things.
Rich Repetto -Sandler O'Neill: Okay, I can follow-up with you more after. Just one questionon the financials, Jamie. If you back in, if you take your guidance just onoperating non-GAAP expenses that you put out in September, and you back outwhat you did this quarter, 210.6, that would say that you have expenses -- andI bet you its your conservatism, but the midpoint would say you are upsequentially in the 4Q, and I just -- you just went through the employeebonuses. It looks like you are going to, at least on the bonus side, at leastsave $5 million if you max out there. So instead of 18, it would be 13. So Imjust trying to see -- is there a view that expenses could go up quarter toquarter? When you had a big buy in third quarter, or is it really just theconservatism that you always build in?
James E. Parisi: Rich, we are not updating that guidance, so when you backinto it, it does imply a 214 to 219 for the fourth quarter, using the guidancewe had provided last time. Some things to keep in mind, as I said, marketingexpenses were lower in the third quarter. We do expect those to come back tomore normalized levels in the fourth quarter. We are spending significant -- weare expecting to spend significantly on CapEx in the fourth quarter, if youlook at our guidance there versus what we spent in the third quarter. Theres asignificant amount yet to go, so that will impact depreciation. And then we docontinue to have to spend on consultants and what not as we continue to examinevarious opportunities for the exchange, for example, like you just saw, likewith Brazil and Korea.
Rich Repetto -Sandler O'Neill: Okay. Thats helpful, Jamie. Congrats, guys, on a goodquarter.
Operator: Next well move on to Howard Chen with Credit Suisse.
Howard Chen - CreditSuisse: Good morning, everyone. Congratulations on all theannouncements. Craig, in the past, managements steered away from buyingpassive stakes in exchange just to own passive stakes. On the BM&Fannouncement, is it fair to say you gain cover with the merits and theopportunities of the commercial agreement alone, aside from the investmentpotential of the equity investment?
Craig S. Donohue: Howard, what weve said before is that we are certainlyinterested in equity stakes, as long as they are associated with a commercialarrangement that gives us growth opportunities and revenue opportunities overthe long run, so we think this is a very effective way to partner with theleading South American exchange and to create growth opportunities for us, notjust in new products or in processing services, for example, but to expand useof our current core product by South American and Latin American investors, andso we view the two things as inextricably intertwined, and I think thats veryconsistent with comments weve made on this topic before.
Howard Chen - CreditSuisse: Right, and would you characterize these two agreementannouncements last night as competitive process?
Craig S. Donohue: I dont really have any particular comments on that, otherthan to say that we at CME Group have been working on the development of bothrelationships with the Korean Exchange, as well as the Brazilian Exchange forquite some time, and Im not going to make any comments beyond that.
Howard Chen - CreditSuisse: And then, on the KOSPI 200 futures contract, any reason thatCME would not want to also partner with KRX on a similar arrangement with theKOSPI 200 options contract?
Craig S. Donohue: No, there certainly is no reason why would not want to dothat. We have really prided ourselves on establishing effective relationshipsthat can be expanded over time, as we begin to work well with each other andearn each others trust and confidence, and we view this relationship certainlyin that vein. 
Howard Chen - CreditSuisse: And maybe a follow-up question on that for Rick, if hesthere. Would the Globex trading platform have to make any adjustments to takeon the trading of an underlying cash product for KOSPI 200 like the -- ratherthan the --
Rick Redding: Howard, generally in the index option side, those productstend to trade a lot like the options on index products that we currently have,so in the grand scheme of things, no, theres not that much, especially from afunctionality standpoint, that will be different. Obviously you have somedifferent connectivity due to help people in that part of the world connect tothe system, but again thats relatively small in the grand scheme.
Howard Chen - CreditSuisse: Thanks, and then a final one for you, Jamie; how do theseagreements change managements view on capital management and capitalstructure, if at all?
James E. Parisi: Howard, we talked about that a little bit before, thatthats the topic that we continue to review with our board on a regular basis.We want to maintain the flexibility in the capital structure and weight thatagainst the desire on some investors part to have the capital returns, so weare constantly going through that equation.
Howard Chen - CreditSuisse: Maybe asked another way, I know intra-quarter, Jamie, youmentioned your desire to retain $200 million, $300 million of cash on hand forthe working capital of the business and the safety and soundness of theclearing house. With these transaction announcements, does that change yourviews on the working capital needs of the company?
James E. Parisi: I dont think that these add significantly to the workingcapital needs of the quarter, and as you point out, we do generate significantcash flow each quarter. So as I said, its something that is on the front ofour minds and something we review on a regular basis.
Howard Chen - CreditSuisse: Okay. Thanks so much, everyone.
Operator: Next well move to Niamh Alexander with KBW.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Can I go backto the BM&F transaction? In the context of maybe the carbon markets, Iguess I would love to get your perspective on the opportunity for CME. I guessthe BM&F recently held the first auction for carbon markets, but thereseems to be quite a lot of noise and excitement in the futures and thederivatives market, generally. Is this an opportunity for CME? Is it an OTCopportunity? Is it potentially a whole new product area for exchange trading?
Craig S. Donohue: Ill answer that. I think it absolutely is. Our agreementwith BM&F does call for joint product development in a number of differentareas, but very much in particular, we are going to be focused on theagricultural and commodity markets, as well as the carbon market. I should point out that BM&F is somewhat of aninteresting exchange in that they trade what we would regard as listedproducts, standardized products, but they also have a significant capabilityand business in the over-the-counter derivatives and cash markets as well, andso we will be very focused on both carbon and commodities and agriculturalproducts with BM&F.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: Thanks, thats helpful. And is that something that could betraded in the U.S. as well, I assume?
Craig S. Donohue: Certainly, yes.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: And then, if I could go back to the domestic markets, canyou give us an update on the progress at Swapstream? Its still [inaudible] inthe first quarter, although I think the last update, there were someoperational efficiencies being offered. How has the reception been so far withcustomers when you are kind of introducing this product?
Craig S. Donohue: The product I think you are referring to is cleared swaps,which we will offer in the first quarter of 2008. Its meeting with goodreceptivity from the clients, looking at a new way to put really interest rateswap products into a centralized clearing model, so we look forward toproviding some more information on that right after the beginning of the year.
Niamh Alexander - KBW: Okay, thats helpful. Thanks. Ill get back in the queue.Thank you.
Operator: Next well move on to Mike Vinciquerra with BMO CapitalMarkets.
Mike Vinciquerra -BMO: Thank you. Good morning. My congratulations on the deals inthe quarter as well. I want to follow-up on Howards question on the KOSPI. Isthere a particular reason why you started with the futures? It looks to me, ifIm reading the reports right, that 98% or so of the volume in the KOSPI isrelated to the options and not the futures. Can you just talk about why youstarted with the futures side and if Im looking at this correctly?
Craig S. Donohue: Ill address that. I mean obviously, this is the -- and Ithink we mentioned this in the release -- the first time that the KoreanExchange has actually entered into an arrangement like this whereby its coreproducts will be traded on another platform as part of an arrangement likethis. So this is the first step of what we hope ultimately will be many steps downthe line that we can take with the Korean Exchange, and this is where wevechosen to start.
Mike Vinciquerra -BMO: Okay, so kind of a bite-sized portion up front and youllwork on the operational side and once that goes smoothly, theres a possibilityfor some expansion here?
Craig S. Donohue: Thats certainly something that well be discussing with ourpartners at the Korean Exchange.
Mike Vinciquerra -BMO: Okay, and then Im just a little confused on your purchaseof BM&F. You mentioned in your prepared remarks that its at a pre-IPOprice, but then in the release, it sounds like it closes after the IPO. Whatprice -- Im sure theres an agreed-upon price, but is it at the IPO price thatyou are going to buy in, or how do we look at that?
James E. Parisi: Its based on our internal analysis as to what its worthand theres a current market that we put -- a current value that we put on it.Its not necessarily the IPO price.
Mike Vinciquerra -BMO: Very good, and then just one other thing, I guess for Jamieas well; a lot of your clients hit volume thresholds during the quarter, whichobviously gives them a better overall price, and youve talked a little bit inthe past about the potential to reevaluate your pricing and where thosethresholds will be because of how high volumes are now. Any thoughts as towhere thats going and are you going to offer some sort of combined volumepricing with the CBOT and CME products?
James E. Parisi: Pricing is something that we are keenly aware of and were lookingat all the time, so its something that well be analyzing in the future andwell get back to you when we have something concrete on that.
Mike Vinciquerra -BMO: I figured Id try. Okay, thanks, guys.
Operator: Next well move on to Chris Allen of Banc of AmericaSecurities.
Chris Allen - Banc ofAmerica: Hey, guys, nice quarter. Just on the BM&F agreement, itseems -- the way I read it is it seems to be exclusive between CME andBM&F. Am I reading that correctly in that there cannot be another crossinvestment by another exchange? And also, in terms of the distributionplatform?
Craig S. Donohue: You are reading that correctly. We have negotiated for theexclusive right as an exchange to provide global order routing and distributionservices into the BM&F exchange for electronic trading purposes. And then,similarly, BM&F has agreed that they will not issue shares to anotherexchange investor in their company.
Chris Allen - Banc ofAmerica: And then, just in terms of -- I know you guys dont havespecifics, but can you give us a general ballpark in terms of how much activitydo you think is coming from Latin America on your platform right now?
Craig S. Donohue: I would say in keeping with past commentary on questionslike that, Chris, its very difficult for us to actually capture higherreliable information in that way in that, as you know, orders flow into theexchange through a multitude of sources, many of which its very difficult forus to determine the origin of a particular order. So unfortunately, I cantprovide you with very much information in that way. I would say that I think anecdotally and generally, that thevast majority of our business is obviously concentrated in North America,Europe, and then Asia, and Latin America is really I think a developing marketin terms of current business growth, and thats part of what we find veryexciting about the BM&F arrangement, is that theres obviously a lot ofbusiness that we could capture there as those markets are developing and openingand maturing.
Chris Allen - Banc ofAmerica: Two quick questions for Jamie; Jamie, just in terms of thetax rate, should there be any changes in terms of what were looking at rightnow going forward?
James E. Parisi: Nothing of significance.
Chris Allen - Banc ofAmerica: Okay, and then just on the CapEx, obviously its going upthis quarter. I think you mentioned before as to the telecom build-out, someintegration issues. How do we think about a run-rate for 08 in terms of theCapEx spend?
James E. Parisi: Well be providing further guidance on the 2008 CapEx whenwe give the final 2007 results. You can look historically what our CapEx hasbeen. Its grown steadily over time but its come down, actually, as a percentof revenues. So you can look at that and its probably likely to fluctuate inthe 5% to 10% range annually in terms of revenues, but well give you furtherguidance on that.
Chris Allen - Banc ofAmerica: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Next well move on to Donald Fandetti with Citigroup.
Donald Fandetti -Citigroup: Craig or Rick, quick question; are you seeing any newopportunities or feeling better about opportunities in the OTC market over thelast six to nine months, whether its credit or other areas?
Craig S. Donohue: Ill start with that and then turn it over to Rick. I thinkin very general terms, as weve seen the credit market situation recently, Ithink that it has reinforced the strength of our capabilities in terms of beingable to access immediate liquidity with a transparent pricing mechanism,opposite a multitude of counter-parties versus the single counter-party. Andcertainly in an environment where people are increasingly concerned aboutcredit liquidity and credit risks, counter-party risks, I think in generalterms, market environments like that tend to be very favorable for us and ourbusiness, not just in terms of the core business but also in reinforcing themerits of some of the OTC initiatives that we have, like FX market space andSwapstream. So in very general and broad terms, I think its an overallpositive for us in terms of the requirement that weve been working in.
Donald Fandetti -Citigroup: And then just lastly, Rick, I just want to talk brieflyabout open interest. Is that still the best indicator of future volumes? Imean, youve been obviously doing a lot of algo trading. How should we thinkabout that going forward?
Rick Redding: You know, I think thats one of the indicators we look at.Its not necessarily the best but it is something that we do look at. Itdoesnt necessarily help you get any insight into a lot of the algorithmictraders, because they typically dont hold much open interest, but for thingsthat people can observe, it is one thing that we continue to look at, to see whatpeople are doing. I mean, it gives you some sort of indication about what thehedgers of the world are out there doing.
Donald Fandetti -Citigroup: Thank you.
Operator: Next well move to Jonathan Casteleyn with Wachovia.
Jonathan Casteleyn -Wachovia Capital: Good morning. I was trying to understand the potentialtrading mix at BM&F between electronic and floor-based trading. Is thereany way to understand that?
Craig S. Donohue: I can make some limited and I think fact-based comments onthat. I mentioned during the call earlier that, out of respect for their quietperiod, Id be somewhat limited in that. But I believe that right now, they arein excess of 60% electronic, without what we call side-by-side trading, meaningthat they have different floor-based and separate electronic trading sessionsin their core products throughout the course of the day and I think roughly60%-plus of total transactions are electronic, and I believe they are in theprocess of implementing, starting with their interest rate products what wecall side-by-side trading, where there would be electronic matching and thesame products happening while they are also trading on the trading floor.
Jonathan Casteleyn -Wachovia Capital: Understood. Okay, thats very helpful. Thank you. Just aquestion for Jamie -- will that investment sit on the books in marketablesecurities? If so, is it -- will it be based on cost or will you mark it tomarket?
James E. Parisi: It will be based on cost and it will be measured forimpairment on a regular basis.
Jonathan Casteleyn -Wachovia Capital: Okay, and then, I was thinking about the economicconsequence of the ERP rights that you bought from some of the BOT members.Does that effectively give you potential equity in the BOT -- Im sorry, theCBOE if they go public? If those have been retired and you hold them in-houseat the exchange, do you have a potential equity stake in CBOE?
Craig S. Donohue: Ill answer that. None of that is certain, in that the classof plaintiffs has not yet been certified and in general terms, thats notreally why we did what we did. We intended to obviously have that structure bepart of solving the various shareholder issues we were trying to solve as partof our merger agreement with the CBOT, and secondly, weve made a commitment tofund that litigation and to try to be helpful to the class plaintiffs, who arepeople who hold, generally speaking, the CBOT stock are now CME Group stock,along with their memberships and along with their ERP interests. I think wesaid consistently that our intention would be to help facilitate the assemblyof all the component parts that may be necessary at some point to participatein any litigation or settlement outcome of the case.
Jonathan Casteleyn -Wachovia Capital: Understood. Okay, thats interesting. And Im going to beblunt about this but I just -- I wanted to ask anyway and Im hoping that maybeRick can think out loud. Im just wondering, do we expect a volume bump withthe Globex consolidation? Im just hoping maybe you can just think out loud asto why or why not.
Rick Redding: I think one thing is clear about Globex, is the performanceof Globex is something that I think most of our clients view as superior,especially when you look to the algorithmic traders. Any kind of speed andperformance definitely helps their volume and their strategies, because if theycan get market data back faster out of the system, it helps drive their bottlesto send them more signals to trade.
Jonathan Casteleyn -Wachovia Capital: Okay, that makes sense. And then my last question, again forRick, is we all have our methodologies for trying to understand de-levering inthe market. There is dislocation out there, especially in our business on WallStreet. Im just wondering, outside of seg funds and open interest, what do youlook at to try to understand what CME traders, if they are walking away, ifthey are getting more active or not as far as addressing the potential impactof de-levering in the credit markets?
Rick Redding: I think whenever you have market dislocations like this, Ithink it makes people really think about liquidity and the safety of where theyare trading, so one of the things that we observe and a lot of the people do onsales calls is a lot more questions about how the CCP and how the -- really thesafeguards of the system work. That is something I think that weve seen a lotmore in the last couple of weeks, or last couple of months, sorry, than weveseen in quite some time, because people really do focus on that. The second piece of that though thats a little more subtleis because people crave liquidity at these times, as Craig mentioned earlier,that anonymity on the front-end of the trading becomes even more important tothem because they really want to move in these markets pretty nimbly.
Jonathan Casteleyn -Wachovia Capital: Understood. Excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next well move on to Edward Ditmire with Fox-Pitt, Kelton.
Edward Ditmire -Fox-Pitt, Kelton: Good morning, guys. This question is for Jamie -- have youkind of updated any thoughts on what you think in the longer term is anappropriate kind of debt equity mix at CME? And are kind of in the shorterterm, developments in the credit markets influencing the discussions around capitalmanagement?
James E. Parisi: As I said, its an ongoing discussion. I think in the verylong run, a business like CME could potentially have a very thin sliver of debton its balance sheets, and Ive said that all along. I dont know what else toadd there for you, Ed. Sorry.
Edward Ditmire -Fox-Pitt, Kelton: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Next well move on to Rob Rutschow with Deutsche Bank.
Rob Rutschow -Deutsche Bank: Good morning, guys. Im wondering if you can elaborate onyour capacity to increase the rates per contract going forward, and if you haveany changes in your thoughts there?
Craig S. Donohue: I think the most that I would say there is that obviouslyweve been very focused on keeping the cost of trading very low for customersand we think that thats been very helpful in actually stimulating more tradingactivity, increased volumes and revenue and earnings growth. So thats pointnumber one. I think point number two is that we just dont really managethe business that way, in the sense that we have very highly differentiatedpricing across all of our different asset classes and products and customersand different kinds of incentives, and so we just dont look at it and sayperiodically, we ought to raise the rate for contracts just because we can. Weare always looking at the competitive circumstances of each of our products,whether thats with regard to cash markets or options markets or OTC markets orother futures market products that might be highly correlated. And its drivenby that competitive assessment and obviously overall market conditions.
James E. Parisi: You know, the other thing to think about too is just interms of the average rate, some favorable factors for us are the continuedelectronification of the AG market and the potentially higher mix of FX in theoverall business, and then migration of the Euro dollar options gets us ahigher rate per contract.
Rob Rutschow -Deutsche Bank: Okay, and is there any reason to believe that the year-endtrends might be a little different this year versus historically? Do you haveany new, big algorithmic traders coming on the system, or any other factorsthat might drive volumes higher in November and December?
Rick Redding: Volumes are always hard to forecast and --
Craig S. Donohue: Rick is thinking out loud right now.
Rick Redding: Market conditions also play a part. I mean, the one thing istypically in the fourth quarter, you do have some holiday activity that affectsthe volumes, but typically look at our third quarter this year. TypicallyAugust volumes slowed down because of holidays and Europeans going on vacation,but thats just very difficult to look at and generalize about.
Rob Rutschow -Deutsche Bank: Okay. Can you give us a little bit more detail on whathappens to the share count with the BM&F purchase or investment, andwhether you have any sort of accretion or dilution estimates from that?
James E. Parisi: As we said in the press release, its about a 2% -- theyretaking about a 2% stake, so if its a stock-for-stock, its basically a 2%increase, roughly, in the share count.
Rob Rutschow -Deutsche Bank: And no estimates on accretion or dilution?
James E. Parisi: Just on the purchase itself, its going to -- the investmentwill be booked and we are not going to recognize any income in the -- unlesstheres a dividend from them, but other than that, there wont be any incomerecognized from the investment in the interim period, so purely on anaccounting standpoint from the investment itself, it would be dilutive buttheres also the commercial arrangements and other potential there, so wehavent put any numbers out on that yet.
Rob Rutschow -Deutsche Bank: Okay, and if I could ask one more; could you size theincrease in depreciation that you are looking for? And I missed it, if you canjust tell us what the cost saves were again this quarter, related to CBOT?
James E. Parisi: Sorry, the increase in depreciation resulting from?
Rob Rutschow -Deutsche Bank: I think you said that you were going to make some CapExinvestments going forward and that that would drive a higher depreciation.
James E. Parisi: I was just commenting that depreciation is likely to behigher in the fourth quarter, because of the increased CapEx. We haventprovided any specific guidance on that.
Rob Rutschow -Deutsche Bank: Okay, and Im sorry, what were the cost saves this quarter?
James E. Parisi: Synergies were somewhere in the neighborhood of $10 million.That means weve got another $140 million to go.
Rob Rutschow - DeutscheBank: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator:  And our final question today will come from Ken Worthingtonwith JP Morgan.
Ken Worthington - JPMorgan: Good morning. Some thoughts on BM&F. Is order routing afirst step to order processing?
Craig S. Donohue: You know, Ken, I think that remains to be seen. I mean, theBM&F exchange, as I mentioned already, is already significantly electronic.They are also developing the next generation electronic trading platform fortheir business and so, I cant really say that I think that that will be anoutcome of our agreement. We certainly are in that business but right now, weare focused on the other areas that I mentioned, which are global order routingand distribution, collateral management, joint product development, et cetera.
Ken Worthington - JPMorgan: And some of BM&F, their products are complementary andsome of them are competing. How does your agreement, or does your agreementaccount for areas where they have products that are similar to yours?
Craig S. Donohue: First of all, let me just point out that for the most part,there isnt a lot of product overlap in the directly competitive or substitutesense, so there is a tremendous amount of complementarities, in fact, betweentheir products and ours. Obviously because we are going to be collaborating inthe way that we are with our respective customer bases and distribution fromthem to us and from us to them, there are certain provisions of our agreementthat restrict our ability to lift each others current products. But for themost part, we are going to be looking to collaborate in the development of newproducts that will hopefully expand customer activity in both of our markets.
Ken Worthington - JPMorgan: Lastly, theyve got a small FX spot business. Any connectionto FX market space?
Craig S. Donohue: None yet that weve discussed. They are obviously a verysignificant cash market and settlement facility in foreign exchange with theBrazilian Real opposite other currencies, so thats an area for futurediscussion.
Ken Worthington - JPMorgan: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: That will conclude the question-and-answer session. At thistime, I would like to turn the call back over to Craig Donohue for anyadditional or closing remarks.
Craig S. Donohue: Thank you very much. On behalf of all of my colleagues here,we appreciate your joining us this morning and we look forward to talking withyou next quarter.
Operator: That will conclude todays conference. We thank you for yourparticipation.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-24 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: John Peschier - Director, IR   Craig Donohue - CEO   Jamie Parisi - CFO   Rick Redding - Managing Director, Products & Services. 
Analysts: Howard Chen - Credit Suisse   Rob Rutschow - Deutsche Bank   Niamh Alexander - CIBC World Markets   Chris Allen - Banc of America Securities   Donald Fandetti - Citigroup   Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets   Richard Repetto - Sandler, O'Neill & Partners   Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs   Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Securities 
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CME Group Q2 '07 earnings results conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.  At this time, for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the conference over to John Peschier. Please go ahead. 
John Peschier: Thank you, and thank you all for joining us this morning. Craig Donohue, our CEO; and Jamie Parisi, our CFO, will spend a few minutes outlining the highlights of the second quarter, and then we'll open up the call for your questions. Phupinder Gill, our President; and Rick Redding, our head of Products and Services have also joined us this morning and will participate in the Q&A session. Please note that all references we make during this call to trading volume and rate per contract exclude FXMarketSpace and Swapstream products and our low-priced TRAKRS products.  Before they begin, I will read the Safe Harbor language. Statements made on this call and in the accompanying slides our website that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements.  More detailed information about factors that may affect our performance may be found in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent quarterly report on form 10-Q which is available in the Investors Relations of the CME Group website. Also, we refer in this call to our cash earnings and non-GAAP member. The reconciliation to net income can be found on our website under Investors Relations earnings releases.  Additionally, in this call we exclude expenses relating to the merger and certain financial results as set forth in today's press release. In addition, we've posted slides associated with this earnings call on the IR portion of the site. Today, we will focus primarily on CME's Q2 results. We will talk briefly about CBOT's second quarter results which were included in this morning's press release. Since the merger closed on July 12, CME Group results for the third quarter ending September 30 will include CBOT results from July 13, the day following the closing of the merger. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Craig. 
Craig Donohue: Thank you for joining us this morning as our first CME group earnings release conference call. Both CME and CBOT had strong second quarters. Combined, we generated more then $500 million in revenue in the second quarter and we are well positioned to build on that going forward. We are very excited that the merger is closed and we are confident that we will integrate the merger quickly and smoothly, which is important to both our investors and our customers. We will be able to leverage each Company's distinct product lines for the benefit of users around the world.  We will also continue to extend our broad global distribution and customer reach, particularly in Europe and Asia, where we already have a significant presence and where we see excellent growth potential. We will offer our respective customers significantly increased trading efficiencies and substantial continued capital and cross margin benefits. Many of our customers are focused on reducing their own operating costs and our consolidated trading platforms and trading floors will help them with that goal without any disruption to their business.  This quarter, in addition to finalizing our integration planning and closing the merger, we continued to successfully execute our long-term growth strategy; expanding globally, innovating and launching new products, increasing revenues from our third party transaction processing business, and launching new non-core businesses in the high growth over the counter markets.  In the second quarter, CME had revenue growth of 17% to $329 million. On a GAAP basis, operating income grew 15% to $192 million. And diluted earnings per share grew 14% to $3.57. Excluding merger-related expenses during the quarter of $7 million, CME's operating income would have been $199 million, up 19% and diluted EPS would have been $3.69 per share, up 18%.  CME reached its second highest quarterly average daily volume, while CBOT achieved his highest quarterly volume level ever. In June, both CME and CBOT set monthly volume records and on a combined basis we averaged 12.9 million contracts per day. The strong volume in June was widespread, with CME achieving records in interest rate, equity and FX products, and CBOT setting monthly records in interest rate, equity and agricultural products.  During the second quarter, CME saw continued growth in our options volume with record total options volume exceeding 1.4 million contracts per day. Our total electronic options volume averaged a record 193,000 contracts per day, up 47% from the same period a year ago. Electronic volume of CME Eurodollar options averaged a record 106,000 contracts per day, up 19% from second quarter '06, representing a 9% of overall CME Eurodollar options volume. This electronic percentage grew slightly from 8% in both Q4 '06 and Q1 '07.  We continue to focus on the growth of our electronic options volume through pricing programs, enhanced functionality and continued sales and education efforts. We also look forward to integrating CME's Eurodollar options with CBOT's treasury options on CME Globex. The CBOT electronic financial options averaged 100,000 contract per day in the second quarter which represented 25% of total CBOT financial options volume.  Moving onto our transaction processing business in energy and metals, NYMEX electronic volumes continued to grow which is a testament to our industry-leading platform. In total, for Q2, a record 710,000 NYMEX contracts traded per day on CME Globex setting quarterly records in electronic trading for both the energy and metals products, while our major competitors in these markets experienced a reduction in electronic volume from Q1 to Q2. Last week, on July 17, we set a daily volume record of 960,000 energy and metals contracts on CME Globex.  I would like to note that we have yet to make any decisions about CME group's future plans for the E-CBOT metals business, but now that the merger is closed, we will be evaluating our alternatives. Additionally, we continue to evaluate future transaction processing opportunities in Asia, South America, and possibly Europe. Since late March, when FXMarketSpace was launched, average daily volumes have grown significantly from $331 million of notional value in April, to $509 million in May, and most recently $993 million in June. So far in July, we have seen a decrease in average daily volume, yet we're seeing increased levels of customer onboarding.  Initially, most of our activity had been driven from users who were generally algorithmic traders with existing access to CME Globex. More recently, the proprietary trading groups at several banks have begun to utilize the platform. We expect the core users to continue to grow and the next step is to bring on more prime brokerage clients.  Finally, when liquidity expands we will begin marketing aggressively to medium and small bank users outside the top 20 banks and other FX traders. Typically, the summer months in FX are slow as European and U.S.-based traders go on holiday, so we would expect customer onboarding to moderate somewhat through August. We are pleased with the progress to date, given that FXMarketSpace has only been fully operational for just a few months and activity levels are consistent with our business plans.  CME has always viewed continued evolution in the FX markets as inevitable and our joint venture is well positioned to capitalize on the significant long-term growth opportunity in FX markets. We continue to expect FXMarketSpace to reach the break even point sometime in 2008 and to continue to grow from there.  Turning to our other significant OTC initiative, last week we announced our ability to compete in the $1 trillion per day interest rate swap market and announced plans to offer a cleared interest rate swap product through our subsidiary, Swapstream. CME swaps on Swapstream will be the first interest rate swap product to offer the OTC marketplace the full benefits of central counterparty clearing. The new offering will provide the balance sheet and operational efficiencies of central counterparty clearing and straight through processing to the interest rate swaps market.  Moving on to product innovation. We have been intensely focused on the execution of our small and mid-cap equity product strategy. We made an announcement this morning further elaborating on our plans and we believe that we are very well positioned to succeed with our strategy. Compared to the Russell 2000, the S&P small-cap index has had better performance. For example, as of June 30, the S&P 600 has averaged an 11.3% return annually over 10 years compared to 9.1% on the Russell 2000. And every time time period is favorable for the S&P small-cap product.  The S&P small-cap index is a more stable benchmark with lower turnover. In 2006, turnover was 12.9% for the S&P 600 and 18.6% for the Russell 2000. Furthermore, the S&P 600 is composed of more liquid stocks and has a superior construction methodology as it has a rolling reconstitution versus the annual reconstitution for the Russell 2000. Key advantages of our strategy include established distribution to, and customer relationships with, equity derivatives trading firms and market makers, capital and cross margining efficiencies with a full spectrum of equity index products, and significant brand recognition through CME and S&P.  It is important to note that CME members account for approximately 75% of the Russell 2000 volume, while traditional investment managers who are specifically benchmarked to the Russell 2000 are generally a subset of non-member volume making up less than 25% of CME's small-cap volume.  As our earlier announcement outlined, we will be launching our new E-mini S&P small-cap electronic product based on the S&P 600, and we will create a pit traded contract that is five times larger. Other plans include the following: As provided for in our contract, we will continue to list the Russell products through September 2008. We will intensely promote the E-mini MidCap 400 futures and options. We will structure a market maker program with seven to 10 firms who will provide continuous markets in both the mid-cap and small-cap products, and, finally, we will be waiving all fees through the end of the year for the small-cap products and we will examine our pricing strategy for the small-cap products for 2008 later in the year.  Lastly, let me provide a brief update on upcoming milestones related to our merger integration plans. First, we intend to finalize our staffing plans in mid-August. On the technology front, to facilitate the process of connecting third party trading applications to the CME Globex platform, we will be providing electronic customers with a dedicated testing environment beginning in mid-August, just one month after the close of our merger. The environment is designed to meet the development needs of E-CBOT electronic trading customers transitioning to CME Globex supporting straight through processing from CME Globex to clearing and connected to clearing tests environments so customers can test front-end and back-end systems simultaneously.  In terms of our CME Globex cutover, we now expect to complete that in January 2008, ahead of the prior schedule. And finally, we will be combining our trading floors in three phases between March and May of 2008. I want to take a moment to recognize the tremendous efforts of all of the employees of CME group, who not only helped us, deliver continued strong results in the second quarter, but who have also worked tirelessly on our integration.  The dedication and professionalism displayed by all of our employees is something that we are all very proud of and we look to our exciting future together. There is no doubt that the depth and talent of our team will be critical to our success and our ability to continue to lead the industry.  We're extremely pleased to begin operating as the largest and most diverse exchange in the world and CME Group is in a strong position within the the global financial markets to pursue a broad range of ambitious new growth opportunities. We will continue to execute on our long-term strategy, expanding globally, innovating and launching new products, increasing revenues from our third party transaction processing business, and launching new non-core businesses in the high growth OTC markets.  Now, I would like to turn the call over to Jamie to discuss the financials. 
Jamie Parisi: Thank you, Craig. As John mentioned at the beginning of the call, my following comments refer to CME's Q2 results. I will talk briefly about CBOT's second quarter results at the end of my remarks. CME posted solid financial results in the second quarter driven by continued volume growth across all product lines. Our total revenue of $329 million for the second quarter was up 17% or $47 million compared with the same quarter last year. Our average rate per contract was $0.62.4 in Q2, down from $0.64.4 in Q1, and $0.63.2 during the same quarter last year.  The prime driver of the sequential drop in the RPC was member, non-member mix and a higher percentage of Eurodollar options as a percentage of the overall volume. Members, who received the lowest prices, accounted for 81.5% of volumes in Q2, up from 80.9% in Q1. Additionally, while the Eurodollar option volume on Globex improved in Q2 the Eurodollar option volume on the floor also improved. In Q2, lower-priced Eurodollar option floor volume represented 17.9% of the total CME volume, up from 16.6% in Q1.  Moving onto the processing services line, the Chicago Board of Trade reported volume of 4 million contracts per day, up 21% versus Q2 of 2006, which generated $23.6 million of processing revenue for the quarter. Revenue from the NYMEX agreement exceeded $13.5 million representing an average of $0.30 per contract.  Quotation data fees were $24 million for the quarter, up 18% from $21 million in Q2 of '06. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately 145,000 users paying for the base devices, down slightly from the first quarter.  I'll take a few minutes to review expenses. Total expenses for Q2 were $137 million, up 19%, versus $115 million for Q2 last year and up from $132 million last quarter. Excluding expenses related to the CBOT merger, the expenses would have been $130 million, up 12% compared to the prior year. This increase is consistent with our historical expense growth rates.  During Q2, we expensed $7 million of merger costs driven by legal, marketing, marketing and promotion, and integration consulting expenses. We also capitalized an additional $7.2 million for merger-related activity in Q2. In addition, we incurred expense of approximately $3.9 million for our FXMarketSpace and Swapstream initiatives.  Now, let's turn to further expense detail. First, compensation and benefits totaled $56.7 million for quarter, up $300,000 sequentially. There are three components of this expense; salaries and benefits, bonus, and stock-based compensation. Salaries and benefits totaled $43.8 million, up $400,000 sequentially. This increase was due to the full quarter impact of annual merit and promotion increases, as well as increased earnings on deferred compensation balances offset somewhat by lower employment taxes. The number of CME employees at end of the quarter was approximately 1,450.  Next our employee bonus accrual totaled $7.9 million down $500,000 sequentially. And finally, the stock-based portion of compensation was $5.1 million, up $600,000 from the the prior quarter due to our annual mid-June stock option grant to our employees. All other expenses totaled $80 million in the second quarter, up $4.7 million sequentially. Merger-related costs increased by $5.3 million from Q1 to Q2 with the other core expenses decreasing sequentially.  This resulted in an operating margin on a GAAP basis of 58% compared to 59% in Q2 last year. Excluding the merger-related costs, the operating margin would have been 61%. Moving on to the equity in losses of unconsolidated subsidiaries, our portion of the FXMarketSpace loss was approximately $3.2 million during the second quarter. Our pre-tax income was $209 million in the quarter, up 16% from the second quarter last year. Net income for the quarter was $126 million and diluted GAAP EPS was $3.57. Excluding merger-related expenses, the diluted EPS would have been $3.69.  Moving onto the balance sheet, at the end of the quarter, we had $1.4 billion in cash and marketable securities. Capital expenditures net of leasehold improvement allowances totaled $26 million in the second quarter driven by continued investment in our technology infrastructure. Cash earnings totaled $123 million for the second quarter, representing our second highest cash earnings quarter ever, up 15% compared to Q2 of 2006.  In our press release, we reported outstanding financial results for CBOT for the second quarter. CBOT revenue grew 33% driven by a 45% growth in exchange fees. This exchange fee increase resulted from a 23% growth in trading volume and a 17% increase in rate per contract compared to the second quarter of 2006. The CBOT average rate per contract increase was due to continued electronic migration within the agricultural product line and an increase in privately negotiated volumes primarily within the interest rate product line. CBOT operating margin, excluding merger-related costs, increased to 56% compared to 45% in Q2 of 2006 driven by increased revenue and curtailed spending in advance of the merger.  Lastly, CBOT's net income was $58 million on a GAAP basis, up 34%. Excluding merger-related costs, net income would have been $72 million, up 65% versus Q2 '06. CME Group, including volume from both exchanges starting July 2, is averaging 9.7 million contracts per day. That's up 21% compared to the same point in July last year.  I wanted to make a brief point about our plans for the fixed price tender offer which was part of our merger agreement with the CBOT. In accordance with the agreement, we will launch the program in the next week and we expect it to expire prior to the end of August. As we have previously stated, if the stock trades through the $560 level and there's no significant repurchase of shares, we're committed to returning excess capital to shareholders, and we'll discuss alternatives with our board at that time.  We will be providing historical pro forma volume, rate per contract, and income statement information in the next few weeks which should be helpful for modeling the CME Group going forward. In addition, at some point in the third quarter, likely in September, we'll update our ongoing guidance for CME Group.  We look forward to executing on our growth initiatives and delivering on our equipment of expense synergies of at least $150 million and revenue synergies of at least $75 million. As part of our pay-for-performance philosophy, we have modified our annual bonus program for our management team and managing directors to include the timely achievement of our expense synergies as a trigger for receiving a bonus in 2007 and 2008.  With that, we would now like to open up the call for your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll go first to Howard Chen of Credit Suisse. 
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Good morning, everyone. 
Craig Donohue: Hi, Howard. 
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Congrats on a strong quarter for both franchises. 
Craig Donohue: Thank you. 
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Craig, in your prepared remarks you mentioned management's continued interest in pursuing third party transaction processing agreements. I was curious. Does the recognized overseas clearing house that you received in June provide you with any competitive lift that you didn't have before in pursuing things in Europe? 
Craig Donohue: It certainly does, Howard. The point of our registered overseas clearing house designation in Europe is primarily to help facilitate our two OTC initiatives, both the FXMarketSpace, centrally cleared, FX products, as well as what we've just announced last week in terms of cleared interest rate swap activity. 
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Okay, and then switching gears, on the merger integration front. One thing I didn't hear you mention, does a harmonization of the fee schedules have to take place, and if so, at what point would one think about doing that? 
Craig Donohue: Well, let me just point out that we maintain a very diverse fee structure historically even in the context of CME Group. We have very different products, they're constructed differently.   Different users. Different competitive dynamics in terms of asset classes in terms of who we compete with and how we price our products.  We tend to have a high degree of differentiation across different kinds of customer segments within each product class, and so we've not chosen to harmonize the pricing strategy within CME and I don't think we'll likely do that either across the combined Company for the reasons I just gave, which is that we have highly different dynamics in each of these different product sets. 
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Okay. That's helpful, and then, quick question on the CBOT pricing, this might be something better to follow up off line, so just stop me, Jamie, if it is, but they continue to see a positive lift in their rate per contract trends and the agricultural side makes sense to me, but I was curious if you have any thoughts of what is driving the higher RPC within their treasury complex, is it the electronic migration of treasury options or is there something else I'm missing? 
Jamie Parisi: Yes. There's a higher percentage this quarter of EFPs, ex-pit transactions, in the financial sector and it has to do with yield curve plays. So you just see that little bit of a mix shift this quarter. 
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Okay, great, and then final one, Jamie, I hear you with regards to kind of launching the tender and capital considerations, but was just curious if management had updated thoughts about just, now that you're a combined Company and you have a pro forma franchise that generates a lot of free cash, do you have thoughts about capital management and capital structure philosophy broadly, just over the longer period? 
Jamie Parisi: In the very long run, I think it's going to make sense for us to have some portion of debt on our balance sheet and, obviously, return excess capital to our shareholders. Obviously, we've benefited from having the flexibility we've had in the recent past as we merged with the Board of Trade and went through that transaction. So we'll be taking all of that into consideration as we move forward. 
Howard Chen - Credit Suisse: Very helpful. Thanks. Great quarter, again, guys. 
Craig Donohue: Thanks, Howard. 
Operator: We'll go next to Rob Rutschow with Deutsche Bank. 
Rob Rutschow - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. 
Craig Donohue: Hi, Rob. 
Jamie Parisi: Hi, Rob. 
Rob Rutschow - Deutsche Bank: I guess my first question would be related to the credit markets and some of the issues that are going on in the CDS markets and lack of liquidity there. I'm wondering if you're seeing any spillover and if there's any historical context that you could point to between the relationship between credit markets and rate markets, and also if you have any idea of what the overlap between your customer base would be and those traders who are using those CDS products. 
Craig Donohue: Rob, I'm going to ask Rick Redding to address your question. 
Rick Redding: The credit market opportunity is one we've always thought of as a large opportunity over the longer term period, Rob. One of the analogies that is probably appropo here is looking back to how Eurodollars started in the early 80s. You actually saw it start by a product that we traded certificate of deposits before that.  So, one of the things going on here is the marketplace is trying to figure out how to trade exchange-traded products in the CDS space and you've seen the Board of Trade's product and CME's product approach it from two different angels. I think where we are is the market's digesting what we have.  We're constantly out in the marketplace hearing what people want in this type of product, and we're hearing a lot of positive feedback from the buy side, especially in the hedge fund community as to where they think CDS products could go. 
Rob Rutschow - Deutsche Bank: Okay. I guess my question was a little more near term. If there's been any spillover that you could see from reduced liquidity or reduced activity in the CDS market? 
Rick Redding: I think that is more of a question of what's going on in the subprime market. Some of the fears and interest rate market. I think you'll seen that in strong performance in the treasury complex at the Board of Trade and in the Eurodollar complex here at the CME. I think that's where people have expressed their views. 
Rob Rutschow - Deutsche Bank: Okay. I was just wondering if we could get a little more detail on the Eurodollar options and the uptake of the user-defined spread capability that you've added and sort of where you're seeing success and where you need to do some more work? 
Craig Donohue: We continue to roll that out to the marketplace. We're still working with our ISV's and the proprietary systems at the firms. I think from the June results we're beginning to see some of the results of that education process.  We also see some of the fee concessions we made in May start to pay off and some of the technology enhancements we made at end of the first quarter. So we continue to push on that front.  As we've always said in the Eurodollar complex, it's a very complex option strategy-type market and we will continue to move forward with our channel partners to make that a success. 
Rob Rutschow - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and one just nitpicky question here. The securities lending. Obviously, I don't have an average balance for that, but it looked like the net yield on those assets were up pretty substantially during the quarter. Is that just seasonal or is something else going on there? 
Jamie Parisi: It was both the average balances were up and the net yield was up pretty significantly, as you noted. That's due with the peculiarities of the securities lending market and beyond that I can't comment. 
Rob Rutschow - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So would it depend on sort of the short end of the yield curve and how that's shaped going forward? 
Jamie Parisi: I would imagine so, yes. 
Rob Rutschow - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: We'll go next to Niamh Alexander, CIBC World Markets. 
Niamh Alexander - CIBC World Markets: Thanks. Good morning. Just a question on the metals complex. Craig had mentioned you're evaluating your alternatives. Can you help me understand what these alternatives are, or share some of the thoughts on that process with us? 
Craig Donohue: Well, I don't want to speculate on that. Obviously, we have a broad range of alternatives in terms of whether we choose to maintain that business or dispose of that business, or where we ultimately will look to trade those products if we were to retain them. I don't want to get too far into that, but we're evaluating all of our alternatives. 
Niamh Alexander - CIBC World Markets: Okay, thanks for answering that one. And on the Eurodollar options, just to loop things, I know you've already had a question on it, but has there been any change in intentions to run the incentives for a little bit longer than the current plan? 
Craig Donohue: We've said we would run those incentives till the end of the year, and we'll evaluate that plan at that time. 
Niamh Alexander - CIBC World Markets: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks. And just, we've had some volatility in the market which should be good for business but the stock doesn't seem to reflecting this. Are you at all seeing a pullback in risk appetite just in the last couple of weeks and maybe less liquidity being put to work in trading given the weakness in the credit-related markets at all? 
Craig Donohue: I think some of those issues in the credit market have been seen in the over-the-counter market. As I mentioned earlier, we're seeing a lot of that being reflected in our Eurodollar and in the treasury market.  If you -- also it's spilling over in the other markets, as well, in the equity markets you saw particularly strong June and now you're seeing a lot of concerns about the currency. The U.S. dollar is continuing to fall. We've actually benefited from this quite nicely. 
Niamh Alexander - CIBC World Markets: That's helpful, thanks, and just finally, moving on to with the central counterparty clearing, which I think is quite exciting for the business. Can I just understand from a cost prospective is there anything we need to be factoring into our models for that for next year onward? 
Jamie Parisi: There's nothing of a significant nature. 
Niamh Alexander - CIBC World Markets: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Craig Donohue: Thank you. 
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Allen, Banc of America Securities. 
Chris Allen - Banc of America Securities: Hey, guys. How are you doing? Nice quarter. 
Craig Donohue: Thank you, Chris, hi. 
Chris Allen - Banc of America Securities: Just on the, you put the integration timeline a little bit, is there any change in terms of your expectations around accretion, dilution in the deal now? 
Jamie Parisi: No. We're leaving those estimates as they had been previously stated. 
Chris Allen - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And then just turning to the tender offer. Jamie, you mentioned returning excess capital to the shareholders. Are you guys committing to returning the full $3.5 billion even if the tender's not realized? Or how should we think about that if, let's just say your stock trades at $570 and no one tenders back to you guys? 
Jamie Parisi: We're going to address that at the point where back, likely in September once the tender period closes. 
Chris Allen - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And then just one final question. I mean, obviously, with the deal closing now you guys probably could talk a little bit more freely about revenue synergies and you guys have given us some examples in the past about treasury Eurodollar spreads.  Can you give us anything else to think about in terms of potential revenue synergies between the two platforms? 
Rick Redding: Chris, this is Rick. No, in the interest rate side clearly there's synergies for plays along the yield curve. Clearly, in the commodity area we continue to see lots of interesting things we can do on a combined basis, and also just the interaction on some of those markets, especially on the agricultural side, we think are very, very beneficial.  And also we'll continue to do product innovations along this because some of the questions we've had have been along the lines of what do you see as innovative products in the interest rate area and I think shortly you'll see some more indications from us what we need there.  I think what's also important here is to think about when all of the products get onto the Globex platform and what we can do with technology. I think if you talk to a lot of lot of the algorithmic-type traders, I think they're looking forward to getting that entitled yield curve on one platform and to get those agricultural products onto one platform. 
Chris Allen - Banc of America Securities: Great. Just one follow up on that. One question we've asked BOT management about in the past is the opportunity to sell treasury futures to Asian central governments and other big holders of cash treasury positions. Can you guys comment at all about that opportunity from your perspective? 
Craig Donohue: One of the great synergies in this deal is the fact that they have some strengths in their product line on the treasury side that will play well whether it's Asia or South America, we will be able to cross sell products into those areas, but, Chris, your point's well taken and not one lost on management here. 
Chris Allen - Banc of America Securities: Great, thanks a lot, guys. 
Operator: We'll go next to Don Fandetti, Citigroup. 
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup: Hi, quick question for Rick or Craig. Obviously, there's been a lot of talk about the investment banks being a little bit more nervous about the OTC market, post CBOT. Can you sort of give us an update on what you're hearing from the dealers and how you approach that balance in the over-the-counter market? 
Craig Donohue: Sure, Don. I'll address that. You might have heard me mention in discussing FXMarketSpace, but more recently we have a number of the leading FX banks that are becoming more active on the platform.  And so, I think there are areas within the OTC market where we clearly have a value proposition in terms of either technology or our clearing capabilities and I think the investment banks in many cases are embracing that.  There are other areas of the OTC market where we will not be as competent or where they maybe more careful in terms of shifting business flows.  So there's that balance to be struck, but I think we've tried to target those areas of the OTC market, primarily, FX, and, obviously, more commoditized, standardized plain vanilla interest rate swaps as areas where we can add value and where we think we can gain the support of the OTC dealer community. 
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Vinciquerra, BMO Capital Markets. 
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you. Good morning. One or two more questions on the RPC. Any explanation for the spike in volumes in the options in June? Is that simply related to the roll month or is that starting to show us some momentum that might carry into the second half of the year? 
Rick Redding: Mike, this is Rick. Which are you -- are you talking just generically on all options, or is there a product line in specific? 
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: No, just generically. The graph you show with the 146,000 contracts per day in June. I think it was a huge spike over May. 
Rick Redding: There's a lot going on there and some of this was driven by the interest rate markets. I think if you look in kind of that May/June, into the early July period, and a lot of people thinking by the end of the year there would be a rate cut, and I think in that May/June period I think a lot of people began to change their mind and say that's not going to happen. I think you saw a lot of people either unwind trades or express those trades in the options market.  You also saw a nice pickup in the Board of Trade agricultural options products. There's a lot going on in the Ag markets in the June time period and something I think it's important to note here, Mike, is if you look at the open interest right now in July and compare it to where it was in April at this same time, you'll see that on a combined basis we're about 9 million contracts higher then we were back then. A lot of that is being expressed in the options market. We've had a couple of bouts of volatility, little spikes of few days duration in those markets and that's really added to our open interest. 
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and on the CME products, just to clarify, you do not currently charge for the electronic options trading, is that right? 
Rick Redding: Yes. 
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Where's the pricing incentive exactly, is it on all contracts or specific on Eurodollars? 
Rick Redding: Most of the incentives are in the Eurodollar. However, we did implement in May a price holiday on some give-up-type transactions. 
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: And just taking that and looking at the S&P contracts that you are going to be introducing, and I think pushing pretty aggressively along with pricing incentives. It seems to us that you've actually got a loaded spring heading into the early part of 2008 as your options incentives roll off, and almost simultaneously, the S&P will roll off, so depending on your success there, we could actually see a nice pop in the March, April time frame as you ge to more reasonable pricing. Is that reasonable to expect? 
Craig Donohue: You know, Mike, I think we'll have to judge that at the time. Obviously, the incentives are designed to promote greater utilization of the Globex platform in our options products, so I don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves on that. We'll have to evaluate that more closely at that time. 
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, fair enough. 
Jamie Parisi: Mike, this is Jamie. You know on the options, on the Eurodollar, for example, there still is an electronic surcharge. It was decreased back starting May 1, I believe, for customers that surcharge is now $0.15 a side, or, I'm sorry, for members it's $0.15 a side and for customers it's $0.25 a side. So there still is that incremental charge on the Eurodollar side, so I think that the real focus now is getting that volume over to the electronic platform and the big pop will be getting that electronic surcharge. 
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: I see, okay. Thank you for that and just a follow-up on something someone else had asked. Are there any trading firms or any customers who were full members at one exchange but not the other that will now qualify for full member status under the combined entity, such that they will get member rates on both sides of the board or are they going to be kept separate? 
Jamie Parisi: The way that works, Mike, is that with respect to existing products as of the date of the merger agreement, those are sort of ring fast, if you will, in that you have trading privileges and equity member fee entitlements that relate to those products.  New products that are listed, actually the large, new S&P 600 is a great example of that, are then eligible to be traded by both the full members of the CBOT as well as the CME division members at the CME and other divisions that might be designated by the board. On a going forward basis there's likely to be more member trading interest in new products that are designated but the existing products are grandfathered in that way. 
Michael Vinciquerra - BMO Capital Markets: Very good. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: We'll go to Richard Repetto, Sandler, O'Neill. 
Richard Repetto - Sandler, O'Neill & Partners: Yes, hi, guys. Congrats on the double beat here. 
Craig Donohue: Thank you, Rich. 
Jamie Parisi: Hi, Rich. 
Richard Repetto - Sandler, O'Neill & Partners: First question, Rick, you stole my thunder on the open interest but open interest in July, well, first, I got it up 14% from April, the highest open interest level other than a roll month and you did explain a little bit about it being options, but, I guess, can you give us any color then on what that might portend to predict? If that incremental increase is from options, do those options predominantly expire in the quarter? Do you think there will be a more direct correlation with volumes later on in this quarter? 
Rick Redding: Open interest is something we do look at as one of the indicators of where potentially volumes can come from. You would have to look at the particulars of where those option contracts have open interest is. A lot of it is the nearby quarterly contract so, we think that portends good, well for volumes.  And not only that, as markets move it's also important because the underlying hedge is the futures contract and those traders will have a delta hedge using futures. It's not just the fact that the options unwind, it's if the markets move you get the underlying trade, as well. 
Richard Repetto - Sandler, O'Neill & Partners: Got you, I think this is what you said in general, options would generally expire in the quarter, at least as a percentage, more than just general. The overall futures volume? 
Rick Redding: Yes, you do see strategy-type trades that do go out multiple quarters, and Eurodollars is particularly one that has long-dated option trades on them. But things like equities, things like treasuries and some of the agricultural markets tend to be these front month markets, so you just have to look at it product by product. 
Richard Repetto - Sandler, O'Neill & Partners: Okay, and then I want to tease Jamie here, again, on the equity losses in the unconsolidated subsidiaries, $3.4 million, I guess -- I still think you're sandbagging the guidance of $16 million to $18 million for FXMarketSpace. Can you break out what FXMarketSpace, because it seems like it's running ahead of plan here still? 
Jamie Parisi: Yes, it does look like it's running ahead of plan, Rich, but we're still going to have the full quarter and effects of the some of the decisions that have been made in the prior quarters. As they continue to ramp up their staff and what not you'll see those expenses hit full force later in the year. But if we were to talk about the $16 million to $18 million guidance, I would say that we're probably closer to the lower end of that range. 
Richard Repetto - Sandler, O'Neill & Partners: Well, you have Swapstream and I think One Chicago is still in there? Can you break out the losses in that line? 
Jamie Parisi: One Chicago is only a couple hundred thousand dollars so it's really predominantly FXMarketSpace. Swapstream is not in that line. Swapstream is a fully consolidated entity. 
Richard Repetto - Sandler, O'Neill & Partners: Got you, got you. Okay, and then the last question is, Craig, you didn't, last quarter was a fair amount of discussion on the Lehman Aggregate Index. I'm just trying to get an update on how we are progressing there? 
Rick Redding: Rich, this is Rick. The Lehman Agg (ph) is still on track to come out this fall. We're doing our marketing at this time, going to the dealers and to the buy side. I mean, clearly, this is a product that has been coveted, especially by the buy side players for many years because they use it as a benchmark. We'll continue to do our marketing, and we'll look forward to the launch this fall. 
Richard Repetto - Sandler, O'Neill & Partners: Okay. Thanks, guys. 
Craig Donohue: Thanks, Rich. 
Operator: We'll go next to Daniel Harris, Goldman Sachs. 
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning, guys. 
Craig Donohue: Good morning. 
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: CBOT volumes were really strong in the quarter. I just was wondering if you could put into context for us. How would you compare the distribution of Globex to E-CBOT geographically and any access to high volume algorithmic traders relative to what CBOT had in the past? 
Craig Donohue: I will start with that. I think, obviously, both are reasonably well-distributed systems. I think the Globex system has more expansive distribution, not just globally in terms of access points, if you will, but also we tend to have a more diverse customer base because we offer liquidity in benchmarks across all of the different major asset classes.  And so I don't have any way to sort of give that to you in a quantitative answer, but qualitatively I think our distribution certainly overlaps with E-CBOT very favorably, but additionally would be more expansive just given our concentrated liquidity in equities, metals, energy, other asset classes. Interest rates would have a lot of overlap. 
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then just to remind me, did CBOT have the co-location in their data center similar to what you guys have for some of your hedge fund clients? 
Craig Donohue: No, they were about to come up with it. 
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Just going back to your comments on the Russell 2000. I think you mentioned that 75% of volume is from members and 25% from non-members and asset managers benchmark. How should I think about the member trading?  I would imagine it's largely reflective of their clients who are these asset managers, or were they sort of trading for their own book and they were index agnostic and they are just looking at the spread to the index on the underlying? 
Craig Donohue: Go ahead, Rick, was going to start. 
Rick Redding: Yes, I think what's important to look at in this product in particular is how many of the clients are really benchmark-driven versus people looking for trading opportunities. I think a lot of the member volumes were driven by, for example, proprietary trading groups and some hedge funds that are not necessarily driven by a benchmark, but they're looking for opportunities in the marketplace.  When Craig mentioned that some of the investment managers have a Russell 2000 mandate, for example. Those people tend to need to trade something that's very closely correlated with that index. But the bulk of that volume, at least from the analysis we've done, does not seem to be benchmark dependent.  If you actually look at the S&P 600, as well, the correlation is 0.992 or something, so it's actually very closely correlated, as well. But as Craig mentioned, it has tended to have better performance over the years and also doesn't suffer from the annual reconstitution issues. 
Craig Donohue: Yes, just to add to that. I mean, I think, it's very much more the latter then the former in terms of your question. A lot of the large liquidity providers and providers of trading activity are index agnostic. They tend to be very focused on volatility or effective spreads, and for them, not only the sort of low-cost fees that we provide, but their existing connectivity, their existing business relationship with us.  The capital margin efficiencies, whether they qualify as clearing members or not in terms of the eligibility of different traders within the firm to avail themselves of our lowest fees tend to be significant factors in where they choose to trade. And I think the sort of branded money, if you will, is a very small segment of the overall Russell 2000 market liquidity. 
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: That's actually really helpful, and just lastly, just from an informational perspective, there's, obviously, been a lot of talk recently about deals following yours, specifically about some other U.S. exchanges, and this is just from your prospective, should NYMEX be involved in a transaction not with your firm, how does that impact the agreement that I think you guys have in place through 2011 for five years, and I think there was a five-year re-up at that point? 
Craig Donohue: I don't think there's a lot more to add on that. We have a 10-year exclusive relationship with NYMEX, and in general terms a transaction should not affect the terms of our agreement with NYMEX if NYMEX were to engage in some kind of transaction. But that's difficult to get into the details of that in a phone call like this. 
Daniel Harris - Goldman Sachs: Right. Thanks very much, guys, great quarter. 
Craig Donohue: Thank you. 
Operator: We'll go next to Jonathan Casteleyn, Wachovia Securities. 
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Securities: Yes, good morning. Just curious as you put debt on the balance sheet for the first time what the appropriate debt-to-equity ratio could be going forward, Jamie? 
Jamie Parisi: I'm not going to discuss that right now. It's something we're going to analyze as we move forward. We've said all along in the most recent tender offer that we were potentially putting somewhere in the neighborhood of $2.0 billion to $2.8 billion of debt on the balance sheet if the full tender was subscribed. 
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And then just back to the Russell issue. I'm just curious if there's any historical precedent as to how these handoffs have happened and the potential uptake for the exchange? How much of the volume do you expect to over time to keep at the exchange versus sort of being parsed out the door with the branded traders, as you put it? 
Jamie Parisi: I think it's difficult to give any sort of prediction on that, and I think also there's no directly applicable precedent to this, but I would say that we've talked about this before.  Back in 1997, when the Board of Trade first listed the Dow futures contract which was intended to be more of a retail-oriented product, we were then the incumbent liquidity provider in the large standard equity S&P 500 more institutionally-oriented contract, and so at that time we launched the E-mini S&P 500, five times smaller electronically traded fungible and we were very successful in taking our liquidity providers in the large institutionally-oriented equity contract and transferring them into the more retail-oriented E-mini S&P 500 futures contract quite successfully. And I think you've seen, obviously, the growth in the E-mini S&P 500 has been far greater then the growth in the Dow Jones contract.  So, not quite direct on all fours, but I think, obviously, very strong. We have a lot of, I think, natural advantages in terms of our technology, in terms of our customer relationships, in terms of having the institutional side of the market. Very happy doing business at the CME.  Obviously, with ICE's cost structure in the Russell 2000 with the $50 million up front fee and the annual minimums and very significant costs, they're going to have pass though through in some fashion to end users in a way that we don't have to. So I think in total, we have a really strong value proposition for retaining much of the liquidity and helping transition that liquidity into both the MidCap 400 and SmallCap 600 products. 
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Securities: Right, but technically you lose exclusivity September '08, but can you list on-the-run contracts through September, I'm sorry, you lose exclusivity September 2007, but you can list on-the-run through September 2008, is that correct? 
Jamie Parisi: Correct. 
Jonathan Casteleyn - Wachovia Securities: Okay, understood. Thank you. 
Jamie Parisi: And just to point out there it's been non-exclusive already. We've already had other licensees that have been trading the Russell 2000 contract. 
Operator: And having no further questions I would like to turn the conference over to Craig Donohue for any additional or comments. 
Craig Donohue: Thank you for joining us today for our first call as CME Group. This is our sixth analyst call in the last four months and we appreciate your continued emphasis and dedication to our Company, and look forward to talking to you again next quarter. 
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.
