===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-08 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Eric, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coinbase First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Anil Gupta, Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Anil Gupta: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Coinbase First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. Joining me on today’s call are Brian Armstrong, co-founder and CEO, Emily Choi, President and COO, Alesia Haas, CFO, and Paul Grewal, Chief Legal Officer. I hope you've all had the opportunity to read our shareholder letter, which was published on our Investor Relations website earlier today. Before we get started, I’d like to remind you that during today’s call, we may make forward-looking statements, which may vary materially from actual results. Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause these results to differ is included in our SEC filings. Our discussion today will also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in our shareholder letter on our Investor Relations website. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, GAAP measures. We’ll start today’s call with opening comments from Brian and Alesia and then take questions from retail shareholders and our research analysts. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Brian for opening comments.
Brian Armstrong: Thanks, Anil. Coinbase delivered across the board in Q1. We posted strong financials, rolled out product innovations at a rapid pace and continued to grow global market share. Financially, we are better positioned than ever to capitalize on the opportunities ahead of us in 2025. As just one example, our Q1 revenue was $2 billion with $ 930 million in adjusted EBITDA, demonstrating how resilient our business is even in an uncertain macro environment. Before I dive into the product updates, I want to remind everybody about why Coinbase exists. Coinbase was founded to increase economic freedom in the world. We think cryptocurrency is the most important technology to update the financial system and create that economic freedom for people all over the world. Many people today don’t have access to good financial services, and it’s holding back progress. Everyone deserves access to basic financial infrastructure, good proper sound money, free from high inflation, the ability to get a loan, make payments without high fees and delays, and to choose what to do with their own money. Greater economic freedom is correlated with all sorts of outcomes we want in society, like higher GDP per capita, self-reported happiness, and income for the bottom 10%. It’s foundational to all progress. Now this ties into all the products we build across multiple customer groups, including regional businesses, institutions and developers, and serving these multiple customer groups has the potential to create synergies in our business over time. For instance, our emerging payments business drives volume on our exchange or by serving retail, pro, and institutional traders all in one platform, we get more liquidity and order flow on our exchange. We have retail customers who want to spend crypto. We also have businesses who want to accept crypto. That’s sparking economic activity. So our goal is to be the number one financial services platform in the world across each of the customer groups we serve with crypto rails eventually powering the majority of global GDP. Now let’s take a minute to go through some of our product updates in Q1 in service of this broader mission. I’ll talk about it in three parts. The first one is going to be about driving revenue in our core businesses. The second is going to be creating or driving utility for the next wave of crypto adoption, some of our emerging products. And third is going to be scaling our foundations, primarily around policy and, legal outcomes. So for this first one, we are driving more revenue in our core businesses. Let’s start with trading. We are continuing to gain share in Q1 in spot and derivatives. We drove over $800 billion in global derivatives trading volume. While still early, this is a significant market share increase driven by our international exchange where we saw our perps market share increase by over 60%. This morning, we announced the acquisition of Deribit, the world’s leading crypto options exchange with over $30 billion of open interest and $1 trillion in trading volume outside the U.S. last year. This makes Coinbase the number one crypto derivatives platform globally by open interest. And it’s our biggest move yet to accelerate our international roadmap and build out this comprehensive trading platform. The traders benefit from having spot, futures and now options together under one roof. So Deribit is a very important piece of the puzzle for us to bring this together all at Coinbase. We also launched portfolio margin 2.0, expanding access to long short capabilities and increasing leverage for our institutional traders and we made great strides across our stretch goal to make USDC the number one dollar stablecoin as well. In fact, USDC hit a market cap all time high of $60 billion in Q1 and the average USDC held in Coinbase products increased 49% quarter-over-quarter to $12 billion. And given our partnership with Circle, which is indefinitely renewable, increased USDC balances on our platform result in durable revenue for Coinbase. Base stablecoin balances reached $4 billion in Q1, up 12% quarter-over-quarter. This was also largely driven by USDC. Next up, we accelerated our international expansion for our core businesses. We continued to repeat our successful international playbook driven by obtaining new licenses. So we secured a vast registration in Argentina. We also registered with India’s financial intelligence unit, FIU, unlocking access to one of the fastest growing crypto markets. It’s really great to see this product execution at a rapid pace in our core businesses. The second, as I mentioned, we’re also focused on driving utility for the next wave of crypto adoption and some more emerging products. So first, under this section, stablecoin payments have seen enormous growth lately, and we’ve started to build a business account for Coinbase, which includes B2B payment features for startups and SMBs. In Q2, we’ll be onboarding the first businesses to our pilot, enabling them to make stablecoin pay ins and payouts. Given Coinbase’s long history building crypto infrastructure, custody, trading and our network of bank partners around the world, we think we’re well positioned to power stablecoin payments for many businesses. This quarter, we also expanded our on chain lending products powered by Base. We launched Bitcoin backed USDC borrowing. This is giving users instant liquidity without having to sell their Bitcoin. In the first one hundred days, we saw over $100 million in loans. It’s now up to $160 million in loans. Since January, it’s growing at a really incredible pace so we have found a lot of success with that product. We are also continuing to focus on empowering builders on Base. We think this is a big opportunity for the next wave of adoption. So we made two acquisitions that completed in Q1 to enhance the utility of Base. The first one, Spindle is an on chain ad platform. This helps apps get distribution. It could be a big business over time. And we also acquired a company called Iron Fish, which is helping create private transactions on Base. We think this is a big missing feature for people to send private transactions. So finally, we are scaling our foundations. And our world-class policy and legal teams had big wins in Q1, both in D.C. and in the courts. So we saw a new executive order come out that directed the establishment of a strategic Bitcoin reserve and digital asset stockpile. This is a huge step with the United States of America now efficiently recognizing Bitcoin as a strategic asset. I believe other countries will follow that lead. We also saw bipartisan legislation advance in Congress, building clearer frameworks for both stablecoins and crypto market structure. We've been meeting regularly with members on both sides of the aisle in the House and the Senate to help progress stablecoin market structure legislation. And even the vote that happened earlier today, we think is good progress. It's all part of the negotiation. We think there will be another vote next week on stablecoin so we're very excited about that progress. The dismissal of the SEC lawsuit against Coinbase also marked a major judicial win for the balanced innovation-friendly regulation that we've been advocating for. It's really -- that was a really important milestone not just for us but for the entire industry and protecting our customers' rights. So in closing, it's important to realize that crypto is eating financial services and coin base is 100% focused on crypto. We are building better financial infrastructure for the world, which will enable more economic freedom. We have been focused on crypto since the beginning 12 years ago, and we continue to be focused there, executing at a rapid pace. With growing regulatory clarity, we believe crypto rails are poised to power an increasing share of global GDP and update every aspect of the financial system over time. Now I'll turn it over to Alesia.
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Brian, and good afternoon, everyone. As typical, all comparisons I share are on a quarter-over-quarter basis unless I note otherwise. We made progress in a variety of initiatives in Q1, as Brian articulated, and these contributed to over $2 billion in total revenue. I want to start with our transaction revenue, which was $1.3 billion, down 19% quarter-over-quarter. However, we grew our trading market share across both spot and derivatives trading. Total global spot trading was down 13% with Coinbase outperforming at down 10%. Our consumer trading volume was $78 billion, down 17%. Consumer transaction revenue declined 19%, and our volume mix was similar in Q1 as compared to Q4. Institutional trading volume was $315 billion, down 9%. Institutional transaction revenue was down 30%. There are two factors, which drove the discrepancy between the revenue decline and the volume decline. The first is the growth in our derivatives trading business. As we build this business, we are offering trading rebates and incentives to build liquidity and acquire customers. Our focus on growth is causing a decline in the transaction revenue that we get from derivatives trading as these are contra revenue and recorded in the institutional transaction revenue line item. Second, we saw a spot volume mix shift, which was more concentrated about market makers and liquidity providers, which tend to have lower fee rates. Our subscription and services revenue grew 9%, and we saw an all-time high of $698 million, nearly $700 million in revenue. Two drivers of this growth: first, stablecoin revenue grew 32% quarter-over-quarter to $298 million. Over the last 2 years, we have seen MDUs holding USDC double, and the average balance of USDC per holder has tripled. Coinbase One also continued to add new subscribers as we extended new benefits. Now turning to our expenses. Our total operating expenses were $1.3 billion, up 7%, primarily driven by higher variable expenses resulting from elevated market maker activity earlier in the quarter, as well as losses on our crypto assets for operations. Adjusted EBITDA was $930 million and net income was $66 million. Beginning this quarter, we are introducing a new profitability metric, adjusted net income. Adjusted net income is our GAAP net income excluding the tax adjusted impact of crypto investment portfolio gains or losses. In Q1, our adjusted net income was $527 million. We provided a reconciliation in our shareholder letter. Last, our Q2 outlook. Macro uncertainty including around global trade policy may contribute to softer crypto trading markets and lower asset prices as we enter the second quarter. We have navigated choppy markets before, and we are confident in our ability to maintain our long-term product road map and remain financially disciplined. In April, we generated approximately $240 million of transaction revenue. Our spot transaction volume declined approximately 12% month-over-month in April, and this was similar to global spot volume, which was down approximately 13% over that same time period. With regards to our institutional transaction revenue, as I mentioned before, we are focused on growing derivatives trading market share, and we plan to continue our investments in trading incentives. We anticipate a $30 million to $40 million quarter-over-quarter impact in Q2. I share all this but I also need to remind you that trading markets can evolve quickly, and we do caution extrapolating monthly results. We expect subscription and services revenue to be between $600 million and $680 million. We expect to see stablecoin revenue growth. However, the main driver of the expected sequential decline is due to Ethereum and Solana prices, which are down approximately 36% and 25%, respectively, so far in Q2 compared to their Q1 averages. These price declines impact our blockchain rewards and other subscription and services revenue lines. We expect technology and development and general and administrative expenses to be in the range of $700 million to $750 million. The quarter-over-quarter decline is mostly driven from lower variable expenses like infrastructure, customer support and seasonally lower payroll taxes. Lastly, we expect sales and marketing to be in the range of $215 million to $315 million. Where we fall in this range will depend on whether we continue to see attractive performance marketing opportunities and on the total USDC balances and Coinbase products, which drives USDC rewards. I'd like to close by touching on this morning's milestone acquisition of Deribit. We are acquiring Deribit for approximately $2.9 billion. This is comprised of $700 million of cash from our balance sheet and 11 million shares of our Class A common stock that we will issue. This is subject to customary purchase adjustments. Deribit has a consistent track record of generating positive adjusted EBITDA, which we believe we will be able to grow as a combined entity. They're a leader in options with 75% global market share, and they've consistently been in a strong position across market cycles with $30 billion of open interest and they saw $1 trillion of volume in 2024. We expect the deal to close by the end of the year. And upon closing, we expect Deribit to immediately enhance our profitability and add diversity and durability to our trading revenues. With that, Anil, why don't we go to questions?
A - Anil Gupta: All right. Thank you, both. So we'll take the top 3 retail questions and then open it up to the analysts. So the first one is, any plans on share buybacks. Alesia?
Alesia Haas: Thanks for that. So last year, our Board did authorize a $1 billion share repurchase program with no expiration date. As we shared on the last call, this is an opportunistic way for us to deploy capital to reduce the overall number of shares that we see. However, we opportunistically look at M&A, and we opportunistically look at many things with our cash. And so the acquisition that we announced this morning, for example, is using $700 million of cash from our balance sheet, and that will have the effect of that we will not issue those as shares. Another thing that we did in the first quarter is we used about $100 million from our balance sheet to withhold approximately 390 million RSUs from being issued to our employees as part of their compensation and paying the taxes on those shares. So that also had the effect of reducing overall dilution. So the share repurchase program is an opportunistic lever for us to manage the overall number of shares, but we balance that with other uses of cash and other ways we can reduce the number of shares we issue into the market through other business activities.
Anil Gupta: All right. Question number two. What are Coinbase's future plans similar to strategy regarding diluting or levering to accrue hard crypto reserve assets for its equity. Alesia?
Alesia Haas: So we absolutely do invest in crypto and have a long-term investment portfolio. We have done this for many, many years. And the way that we approach it is that we allocate a percent of our net income to strategic investments, specifically to crypto assets. This quarter, we bought about $150 million of new crypto investments, predominantly Bitcoin. The fair market value of this investment portfolio as of the end of March was about $1.3 billion or 25% of our net cash, our total cash less the debt that we hold on our balance sheet. So to be clear, we're an operating company but we do invest alongside the space, and we do think that we will continue to do this and we'll look for additional opportunities to do so.
Anil Gupta: Okay. And final retail question. You've said that you welcome new entrants into the crypto space and that you view it as a positive for Coinbase. At times, it sounded complacent. Can you elaborate on what opportunities you see from a growing TAM perspective and why you have confidence it will offset pressure from competition? Brian?
Brian Armstrong: Yes, sure, let me clarify. So the lack of regulatory clarity that we had in the past, this was not a moat for Coinbase. It was a barrier to the entire industry growing. So I'd much rather be in a situation we're in today with regulatory clarity emerging and more companies coming into crypto. But make no mistake about it, we're playing to win here. And there's a number of advantages that we have so I'll just try to go through them. First, we're 100% focused on crypto, right? I've seen enough cycles now where companies get interested in crypto, then they get less interested, or maybe when their core business comes under threat, they defund their crypto efforts. For us, crypto is our core business. It's 100% of what we do, which means we do it better than anyone else. Now second, we've had to solve a lot of hard problems along the way to build a crypto infrastructure, which is pretty difficult to replicate. So everything from how do you custody crypto securely with data centers around the world, how do you integrate all the different blockchains and handle their upgrades and air drops? How do you build an exchange around this and have derivatives and have a network of banks around the world for on and off-ramps that are comfortable with crypto or getting licenses all over the world with people, the regulators allowing crypto with permitted activity? Even just the transaction processing and handling the scale of it, making that timely staking rewards, et cetera, etcetera. So these are all hard problems to solve across engineering, security, compliance, and it's taken us a long time to build that. We are adding more at a very rapid pace. I don't see others catching up. Now third, this is maybe the most important point, is that for many of these new entrants to crypto, we will power some or all of their infrastructure for them. So whether it's trading, custody, payments, wallet infrastructure, we've signed a number of large deals here to run on our infrastructure, and we're going to capture part of the value chain for every new entrant that comes into the space, which is why I say it's a TAM expansion. So a great example of that, by the way, is when the ETFs got approved, we powered custody and trading for the majority of them, while it also grew our trading business in our retail app, right? So it was additive and we got to participate in this new value chain. So the other part of your question was asking about new opportunities that exist with this increased regulatory clarity and there's a bunch that are emerging now. Perpetual futures coming to the U.S. is a big opportunity. Having millions of assets available for trading on our platform via the centralized exchanges, tokenizing securities and other asset classes, that should probably happen over time. How do you just rethink capital formation entirely onchain? These are all emerging opportunities. And so with increased regulatory clarity, it's going to be a huge win for Coinbase. We want every business to come into the space, so we can partner with them and sell them our products.
Anil Gupta: All right. Thanks, Brian. So with that, Eric, let's open it up and take the first question from the analysts.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Worthington: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to just start with the Deribit acquisition. Can you talk about the cross-sell opportunity and how the transaction strengthens Coinbase's existing franchise? And Alesia, you said it immediately enhances profitability. I take that to mean it's immediately accretive. Am I thinking about that correctly?
Emilie Choi: Thanks, Ken. I'll start, and then I'll hand it over to Alesia for the accretion. So [indiscernible] offering options alongside our existing spot and perfs business. We believe that this allows us to, one, command greater share of trading volume from shared institutional customers; two, provide greater capital efficiency to clients, which is differentiated from competitive platforms, i.e., attract new customers; and three, offer traders more options to play the markets in either rising or falling conditions. Deribit operates ex-U.S. and has adapted at competing with the ex-U.S. derivatives markets, and this is very complementary to our U.S. futures business and supercharges our international derivatives franchise, the international exchange. And from a traction standpoint, Deribit is the global leader in options with more than 75% market share. It's been consistently profitable. It strengthens our business by giving us market leadership within options which we expect to grow and enhances the profitability. And Alesia, do you want to take the accretion question?
Alesia Haas: Deribit has a history of positive adjusted EBITDA, and we believe it will be adjusted EBITDA positive on an accretion basis. However, I caution this is before we complete our purchase accounting adjustments.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. And Ken, I'll just add real quick on your cross-selling point. I think this is really important. So a trader can actually go in and hedge futures position with options without having to switch platforms. So that's why we think that there is a cross-selling opportunity. And this is -- improves the efficiency but also improves trading volume if they can do that all in one platform.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Yaro with Goldman Sachs.
James Yaro: Good afternoon and thanks for taking the question. So USDC comprises an increasing percentage of overall stablecoin market cap. Perhaps you could just speak to some of the logic behind Binance being added into the USDC partnership along with Circle and what this means for the USDC TAM? And then perhaps could you also update us on the economics and how that split has changed as a percentage of USDC interest revenue now that Binance is part of the partnership?
Alesia Haas: Great. Great questions. So let me start with the latter and then we'll talk about the growth. So the commercial arrangement that we have with Circle has been filed as an addendum to our 10-K. So you can see the collaboration agreement. In short, what it does is it provides 100% of the underlying reserve income to Coinbase for all of the USDC that we hold in our eligible products. And we have a new disclosure in our shareholder letter where you can see that split. We also then receive a percentage of the off-platform economics. So the waterfall is Circle receives some basis points for their issuer fees, for just being the issuer of USDC, maintaining their reserves and for administrative tasks. We then get 100% on our platform. We then agree with Circle if we are going to share economics with other distribution partners. And in the case of Binance, we did agree because we think that it grows the overall USDC market cap. We think this is beneficial to bring more distribution partners to the ecosystem. We then get 50% of the off-platform or what is remaining in USDC, and you can see that again in the table that we shared in our shareholder letter. So that is the economic arrangement. The rationale for adding distribution partners is we believe that we mean it drives liquidity, it drives global adoption. There are more and more places for customers to onboard and off board USDC and to engage in products and services. These network effects, larger market cap, deeper liquidity, more places for customers to exchange, we think, is going to drive overall growth and opportunity for USDC.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. Maybe I'll just add in here for a minute. So the strategy for USDC to grow is really 2 things. It is, one, sharing economics with strong partners. And number two, it's following a compliant approach, right? So USDC is currently the only major stablecoin in Europe, for instance, that complies with MiCA legislation. So if they can share economics and they can follow a compliant approach, we feel that they're going to continue to grow. And it's worth noting that USDC is the fastest-growing major U.S.-backed stablecoin right now, so we think they're on a great path.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with Citizens.
Devin Ryan: Thanks so much. Hi, Brian, hi Alesia. A question just around momentum in allowing kind of traditional banks to enter the industry in different capacities, obviously kind of moving towards that. And on one hand, some could be competitors in certain places and that gets a fair amount of press. But on the other side, it seems like there's still a fair amount that Coinbase can do with this potential customer cohort or partner with and even potentially even through the partnership with Circle. So I'm curious if you're having conversations directly with this part of the market. And just more broadly, the view around kind of the opening up of traditional financial institutions into the space, how that could be a positive catalyst for Coinbase. Thanks.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. So I'll start off and then, yes, Emilie, Alesia, others, feel free to jump in. So yes, we think that every major bank is going to be integrating crypto. At some point, like I said, we think it's a technology to update the financial system. And we've had conversations with a number of them. We've signed some deals actually. And we can power a variety of things for them. So some of them, it is a custodial solution, right. Others are interested in having a stablecoin solution. Now there is -- we've seen some interest where banks and other companies will want to create their own stablecoin. Our view is that that's not necessarily the best path because we think stablecoins have network effects. You want interoperability with other financial institutions to be able to settle payments and do all kinds of things. So especially if you can get shared economics, I don't see why we wouldn't have -- we wouldn't see more of these banks kind of partnering with USDC. But regardless, we at Coinbase, I think, can help power infrastructure for all these folks that are coming into the industry, and that's a big part of our plan. We call it crypto-as-a-service, right? It's a service that we sell to these institutional clients, and we can power custody, trading, stablecoin infrastructure, etcetera, for them.
Alesia Haas: And it's important to note that we have over 200 institutions, BlackRock, Stripe, PayPal, others that already are relying on our rails for custody, liquidity and Prime is the standard for institutional access. We have shared with you before that we won a number of the ETF mandates and it shows the strength of our platform, our controls and the operational rigor that we have built out to support large major institutions as they transact in crypto. So as TradFi moves onchain, we think we're the backbone beneath it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: Good afternoon and thank you for taking my question. So first of all, congrats on the Deribit deal. I have a high-level question. Could you please give us an update on what Coinbase aspires to be in 5 years to 10 years? I realize that a lot of things have changed over the past few years and great companies evolve with opportunities. And you just announced the Deribit deal. You are also considering, I think, getting a federal bank charter. What will Coinbase look like longer term? Do you think Coinbase will be more like a tech provider, a surface onchain bank or a super app like WeChat? Also, are you interested to get into TradFi space such as equities and bond trading, given that you mentioned that you're 100% focused on crypto? Thanks a lot.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. Great question. So today, we are primarily focused on trading and payments, and we're doing that across our major customer groups, retail, small, medium-sized businesses, institutions and developers. But I think in 5 to 10 years, our goal is to be the number one financial services app in the world across those customer segments because we believe that crypto is eating financial services, and we are the number one crypto company, right? And so that's where we think things are going. You mentioned potentially integrating traditional financial services or TradFi services. I mean, we really want to stay to where the puck is going here and be the best company at building onchain. And so we think all these asset classes, money market funds, real estate, securities, debt, these are all coming onchain, and you heard about some of those in our product updates, so we don't necessarily want to look backwards. We want to look forward and get to where this opportunity is going.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brett Knoblauch with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Brett Knoblauch: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. Maybe just on the recent rumor that there could be a change of control with Circle. Is there any change of control clause with Circle where that provides over would acquire Circle and out? Or what would happen in a scenario where Circle get acquired?
Alesia Haas: Our contract would persist through an acquisition. There would be no change to our commercial arrangement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pete Christiansen with Citi.
Peter Christiansen: Good evening. Thanks for the question and congratulations on the Deribit acquisition. I want to expand a little bit on Owen's question actually. So we hear it a lot from our clients. And Brian, you touched upon all the things that Coinbase is doing currently and aspires to do and some press article last month that Coinbase is potentially seeking a banking license. I am just curious how do you juxtapose doing all these different services, servicing different sorts of customers against potential legislation down the line where you may be limited in certain functions. Just curious on how you are thinking about how potential legislation could perhaps limit some of the functions that Coinbase aspires to do.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. Well, in the legislation draft that we have seen so far, we are not seeing anything that would necessitate us having a banking license, and we don't have any current plans to do that. Obviously, if something were to change there, that's an option. But I don't see that as being very likely at this point. And the main thing you would need a banking license for is if you wanted to do fractional reserve and really kind of lend out the customers' funds. We think that a fully reserved model is actually better. It seems to be what our customers want. And then if they actually want to opt in and choose to put their money into some investment vehicle, they can do that. But the model where the bank lends it out kind of without you knowing about it, that's -- it creates risk in the system, right? There's many good books on this. So I actually kind of like the idea of not having the bank charter over time. And it actually -- it limits your product velocity as well, right? Like if you -- even if you have a sub that is a bank and the bank holding company act kind of requires supervision of not just the sub but also the parent and down into other subs, and I think you can really slow down the product velocity. So yes, no current plans to pursue a bank charter at this time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Benjamin Budish with Barclays Capital.
Benjamin Budish: Hi, good evening and thanks for taking the questions. Maybe a follow-up on Deribit. I'm kind of just curious if you could talk about options and crypto more broadly. It almost, in a way, looks like the futures market in TradFi where there's sort of incumbents, although obviously quite a bit different as most of the products traded there are different from the products on which options are written. So any kind of -- just curious about the history, like why is it that there's really only 1 crypto exchange that has such meaningful market share? Is it a lack of competitors? Is it -- does crypto volatility make options more challenging to trade? And what does that sort of say about the user base of Deribit? Is it institutional customers who are similar to those trading on other international futures exchanges? Is it retail? But just kind of curious your thoughts on crypto options more broadly. Thank you.
Alesia Haas: I'll start here and others can weigh in. What I would say is that these are relatively nascent products within crypto and that we've seen growth because people focus and build product expertise and really became the best player and that is who Deribit is. They created unique and differentiated products, and we're able to win the majority of the market share in crypto options. I think that it looks very similar that these options are used to hedge future positions. These are used similarly to traditional financial options and other products. And so I wouldn't say there's a difference in how these exist in the broader financial ecosystem. And the users of these are prosumers. They're more advanced traders, but they do have a diverse institutional and retail base of customers on their platform, all ex U.S., I would note.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. One other thing I will add is that, and it's really a credit to the Deribit team of how well you executed to get to that market share, the only thing I'll add is that when we talk to pro traders and institutional traders, they often say, they just really want a trusted counterparty. And if Coinbase had X or Y trading feature, they would love to do that with us instead, right? And so they see us as the trusted counterparty by adding more products to trade in the store, they'll move more and more of the trading volume to us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Moley with Piper Sandler.
Patrick Moley: Yes, good evening. Thanks for taking the question. So my kind of relates to Ben's question, but in light of the Deribit acquisition, I was hoping you could update us on the go-to-market strategy for crypto derivatives broadly in the U.S. And then once you close the Deribit acquisition, how quickly do you think you'll be able to offer those products to U.S. customers? If you go on their website today, the U.S. is listed as a restricted jurisdiction. So what are some of the regulatory considerations or hurdles that need to be crossed before you are able to do so? Thanks.
Brian Armstrong: Yes, I don't know. I can share a little bit about some of the approvals that are coming up. We've been working very closely with the CFTC to turn and get perpetual futures live in the U.S. That's going to take a little bit longer, but we are -- we have 1 step in the right direction. Actually, tomorrow, we are going to be [indiscernible] trading of Bitcoin and futures available in the U.S. So that starts to get a step closer to perpetual futures, not all the way there. But we're going to keep working with them on that. A lot of the go-to-market piece of this is really about going and talking to the top large-volume traders. And they trust Coinbase but we don't -- historically, we haven't had the exact products that they've wanted to trade for various -- we've taken a compliance approach, a compliance-focused approach, and so it's taken a little bit longer. But I think if we can do that, we'll have a good chance to grow share with them. And in the short term, like Alesia mentioned, we are offering rebates and incentives to get people to come in and try it. And that's why we've seen our share grow in this last quarter. There's lots of new contracts we need to add. We added, I think, 39 new perpetual futures books on our international exchange in Q1, 4 new books in the U.S. There's some features around improved capital efficiency, like getting higher leverage, expanding the list of collateral that they can use. And I think so far, it's working really well. As I mentioned, we've traded over $800 billion in derivatives volume in Q1. So those are just a few thoughts on that.
Emilie Choi: Yes. And to the question, to reiterate what Brian was saying, we're excited about the new CFTC chair, a new chapter in the U.S. We have to work with them on a path for the U.S. options. But for now, we're really excited about the opportunity internationally for Deribit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Vafi with Canaccord.
Joseph Vafi: Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. Just wanted to circle back on USDC. I know I think maybe Alesia or Brian mentioned the amount of USDC per monthly active has kind of doubled over the last year. Just wondering what that means from a P&L perspective. I know there's incentives out there. I know that there's a rev share, but just kind of trying to get to what the bottom line on that means. And if it's an investment, what the implications are there? Thanks.
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the question. So in our shareholder letter that is on our IR site, we gave a new table that breaks down the USDC and products where we get 100% of the underlying reserve income. We also shared the market cap and the revenue that we get from the off-platform USDC. So we generated $298 million of USDC revenue in the first quarter. Against that, we paid out roughly $100 million in USDC rewards. It's important to note that we only pay rewards on the USDC and Coinbase products. And so we have about $26 million in net margin in USDC revenue on products in our platform. And then full margin, $171 million, that has no associated rewards that flows to the bottom line in terms of margin. And you can see all of that within our disclosures that we've made this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Dolev with Mizuho.
Dan Dolev: Thanks guys, really nice results and nice quarter. Just wanted to ask on the USDC rewards specifically in terms of the opportunity there. What you're seeing seems like a big opportunity for the long term. So any color there would be great. Thank you.
Alesia Haas: Well, what we see is that when we pay rewards, customers are more engaged with products and services on our platform, so we grew balances nearly 50% this quarter. So we now have about $12 billion in, on average, USDC within our products. That's up 49% quarter-over-quarter. We are seeing, as I mentioned on my comments, over the last 2 years, the number of MTUs that hold USDC has doubled. Their balances have tripled. And what we're seeing then is those customers trade more often. They engage with other products and services. We've more deeply integrated USDC on our platform. So it is the match payer, for example, in our international derivatives exchange. This is driving USDC in that platform with the institutional customers. Base had $4 billion of USDC. So as we deeply integrate this, we are generating the flywheel of distribution of USDC and building those balances on our platform and driving growth of the overall ecosystem.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Markgraff with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Alexander Markgraff: Hey everyone thanks for taking my question. Maybe one for Emily or Brian, M&A. Just are there any sort of other large deals that we should think about Coinbase pursuing in an effort to command global leadership maybe just categorically speaking? And then I think it would be helpful to get thoughts there on the heels of the Deribit announcement. And then I do have a quick follow-up on payments for Brian if there's time. Thanks.
Emilie Choi: Sure. So obviously, today, we announced the largest crypto acquisition of all time. And I believe we've been the most active player in crypto M&A historically period. So Deribit to me is a great proof point of how we use M&A to add to our market-leading institutional platform. You will recall we did Zapo in 2019 for custody, Togomi in 2020 for Prime. Fare in 2022 for the derivatives exchange, One River in 2023 for asset management, and now we've got Deribit. So we think this is going to dramatically accelerate the growth of our international footprint and our derivatives business. Looking ahead, I mean, I think we are in the best position we have ever been in to take advantage of additional opportunities, and we think the market is right for some great M&A. We have an incredibly strong balance sheet. As Alesia mentioned before, we have made a strategic decision to hold more cash because it enables us to make bigger bets. We also think regulatory clarity is going to enable us to take larger swings with greater confidence, unlocking new products, utility cases and geographies. We know every player in the space due to the fact that we've been in this space for so long. And we also have ventures, so we have plays in a bunch of the different start-ups in the space, all the teams. So we're always looking at great businesses of scale to accelerate our growth in key areas, and we're ready to take advantage of those in the coming years, you can expect a lot more from us.
Anil Gupta: Eric, we have time for one more.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Bo Pei with U.S. Tiger Securities.
Bo Pei: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. So I have a high-level question. So given the current macroeconomic uncertainty and volatility, the crypto asset price, how flexible is Coinbase strategy across different market environments? Are there specific strategy areas you plan to emphasize more in bearish versus a bullish market? Thank you.
Alesia Haas: We've never been good at predicting where crypto markets are going. And now with the influence of broader macro trends, it becomes even more difficult to predict the impact on crypto markets. And so our strategy long has been to run scenarios and to be thoughtful about what is the worst that can happen, what is the best that can happen, and set forth every year with a wide range of potential outcomes. We plan for the worst. We plan our expense growth against what if we go into a bear market. So we're really confident that we can continue to invest in our strategy, invest in growing our employee base, products and services and navigate through a bear market. So the answer is, if we emerge into a bear market, it doesn't materially change our strategy. It would have to be 2 things added together, a bear market and then something else really bad happening for us to kind of pull back and say, "Okay, maybe we need to revisit our outlook on expenses," but we feel really good about what we've seen so far this year. We are well within our scenarios and feel confident in our go-forward plan.
Anil Gupta: Okay. Thank you all for joining us. We look forward to speaking to you again on our next call.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-13 17:30:00) =====
Sarah: Good afternoon. My name is Sarah, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coinbase Global, Inc. fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. Anil Gupta, Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Anil Gupta: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to the Coinbase Global, Inc. fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Brian Armstrong, cofounder and CEO; Emilie Choi, president and COO; Alesia Haas, CFO; and Paul Grewal, chief legal officer. I hope you have all had the opportunity to read our shareholder letter, which was published on our investor relations website earlier today. Before we get started, I would like to remind you that during today's call, we may make forward-looking statements, which may vary materially from actual results. Information concerning risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause these results to differ is included in our SEC filings. Our discussion today will also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in the shareholder letter on our investor relations website. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, GAAP measures. We are once again using Say to enable our shareholders to ask questions. In addition, we will take live questions from our research analysts. With that, I will turn it over to Brian for opening comments.
Brian Armstrong: Alright. Thanks, Anil. Crypto's voice was heard loud and clear in this recent US election. It's the dawn of a new era for crypto. President Trump is moving fast to fulfill his promise of making the US the crypto capital of the planet. And the most pro-crypto congress we have ever seen is now leading the charge on stablecoin and market structure legislation. Given the US's leadership here, the rest of the world is taking notice and will be under pressure to embrace crypto adoption. So it's hard to overstate the significance of this change that's happened in the last few months. We have a number of new opportunities in front of us now to go build in 2025. Let's talk about our financial performance in 2024, though, just to get started here. And it's incredible. I mean, Coinbase Global, Inc. had an amazing 2024. I am very, very optimistic about the next few years. In 2024, our total revenue more than doubled to $6.6 billion, with $3.3 billion in adjusted EBITDA, making two straight years of positive adjusted EBITDA. By the way, if you look back, five of the last six years, we had positive adjusted EBITDA now. So we are completing this transition to being an all-weather company that can show positive adjusted EBITDA. Our subscription services revenue had an outstanding 64% year-over-year increase to $2.3 billion, driven by USDC, staking, and Coinbase One. Our international revenue share reached 19% in Q4, and this is due to improved payment rails and localization. We have got a repeatable playbook now that we can launch in these new markets and get them to contribution positive, and so we are going to keep doing that in more markets. And finally, we are just so well positioned to capitalize on these new regulatory tailwinds. It's been incredibly validating of this long-term strategy we have taken at Coinbase Global, Inc., to be the most trusted and compliant, and it's finally paying off.
Brian Armstrong: Alright. So let's talk for a minute about how crypto is now going mainstream, the regulatory environment. There's clarity on the horizon. Every time you think about that, you should think that this is really TAM expansion for Coinbase Global, Inc. Coinbase Global, Inc. is going to be the platform that's going to power many of these companies that are coming in and trying to integrate crypto. And we like to say that on-chain is the new online. It's a little bit like the early 2000s when every company had to figure out how to adapt to the Internet. Up to 10% of global GDP could be running on crypto rails by the end of this decade. Coinbase Global, Inc. is going to be the preferred partner to come in and build this for many of the companies out there because we have the most trusted and scalable infrastructure with the longest track record. Let's talk a little bit about our priorities in 2025. So 2025 is going to be about growing revenue with our existing products, driving utility in these new categories where crypto is getting to scale, and building the foundations to power this next decade of growth. So first, we are going to be driving more revenue in our core businesses. Let's deep dive into that. Trading is often where we start with here. That's the earliest thing that we got into in crypto with Coinbase Global, Inc. And we are going to continue to expand on that leadership position. So we will be delivering best-in-class derivatives trading as part of our global offering. We are going to be accelerating asset addition as clarity emerges there, winning more and more advanced traders on our platform, and I am really proud to share actually that we reached an all-time high for both US spot and global derivatives market share in Q4. Incredible outcome, due to the hard work of the team. So 2025 is looking very good. It's off to a very good start here. We also have a stretch goal to make USDC the number one dollar stablecoin. We are very bullish on stablecoins. We think USDC has a network effect behind it. And the compliant approach that they have taken is, I think, going to be really defensible long term. So we will be accelerating the market cap growth of USDC with more partnerships and leaning into new use cases like adding payments support across our product suite. We will be accelerating our international expansion by replicating that successful playbook that I mentioned in these new high-growth markets and growing subscription services revenue by going on offense with in-store and retail staking, growing our assets under custody for our custody business. I expect it will be a banner year for Coinbase One as well, especially in our international markets. So that's our first prong of growing revenue with our existing products. Next, we really want to drive utility to get this next wave of mass adoption going for crypto. We think crypto is much, much more than just an asset class that people want to trade. There are going to be daily use cases for everybody in the world as crypto updates the global financial system. And one of those big categories is payments. You know, we are already at scale, I would say, on stablecoin payments. There was $30 trillion of crypto stablecoin volume last year. That was up 3x year-over-year. And so we are moving with haste to integrate crypto payments across our entire suite of products. I think that will be a big business over time, and we are also solidifying Base as the number one chain for building for startups to build on-chain and large companies. We are going to continue to lower transaction fees on Base. We are going to accelerate the flywheel with retail users, and there's a really nice tie-in here where CDP, our Coinbase Developer Platform, can provide a lot of the tools to help these companies integrate with Base. And so it's been a great tie-in. On CDP, specifically, we are going to keep making sure that it's the leading platform for any company to develop applications on-chain. And I think that will allow, hopefully, thousands of companies to come integrate and Base can power a lot of that behind the scenes for them. Okay. So we talked about growing revenue. We talked about driving utility. The third prong here for 2025 is about scaling our foundations. And we have got a world-class policy team. They are laser-focused on getting some landmark crypto legislation passed. We are going to continue to support StandWithCrypto.org, hopefully get that to four million advocates by the 2026 midterms, so we are not taking our foot off the gas there. We also announced further donations to Fairshake Super PAC to support pro-crypto candidates in 2026 and beyond. So there will be lots of policy efforts continuing and not just in the US, by the way. This will be taking place in a number of countries. And then we are also going to continue to scale our back-end services as crypto continues to reach new all-time highs and transaction volumes. Every time we hit a new order of magnitude, we have to rearchitect our back-end systems, and this is what supports our own products, but it also is supporting many, many third parties now. So all the above is how we are going to expand our lead and define the future of crypto. And in closing, I just want to remind everybody. I hope everybody appreciates this. I mean, we are really entering a golden age for crypto here. The opportunity in front of us is unprecedented to update the financial system and increase economic freedom around the world. The regulatory overhang is lifting. Governments are leaning in. We are shaping the next chapter of crypto from trading to payments to consumer apps and beyond. 2025 is going to be a very good year. I will turn it over to Alesia now.
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Brian. And good afternoon, everyone. As Brian shared, the fourth quarter was a strong quarter for Coinbase Global, Inc., and we wrapped up a great year. I am proud that we executed on our three financial priorities. We diversified our revenue, we generated positive adjusted EBITDA, and we maintained operating discipline while we invested opportunistically to achieve our business goals. Let's dive into our results. All comparisons I make will be on a quarter-over-quarter basis unless I note otherwise. Starting with the macro backdrop, crypto markets rallied subsequent to the US elections, given the election of the most pro-crypto congress and president in history. Underpinning this, in the quarter, we saw average crypto market cap increase 33% and crypto asset volatility increase 27%. With this backdrop, our Q4 total trading volume was $439 billion, up 137%. Our consumer trading volume was $94 billion, up 176%, and we outperformed the US spot market, which increased 126%. As Brian shared, this was an all-time high. Consumer transaction revenue was $1.3 billion, up 179%. We saw strong growth in both simple and advanced trading volume. Our mix of consumer trading volume was very similar in Q4 as compared to Q3. During the quarter, we listed 13 new assets, including popular meme coins. Further, we invested in trading experience improvements, platform stability, and collectively these efforts, in addition to the market conditions, drove our MTU growth of nearly 24%, up to 9.7 million MTUs. Nearly half of our trading customers in the fourth quarter were either new to Coinbase Global, Inc. or resurrected from over a year ago. And we are pleased to see these market participants come into the space. Our institutional trading volume was $345 billion, up 128%, also outperforming the US spot market. Institutional transaction revenue was $141 million, up 156%. In the fourth quarter, we saw strong adoption of the Prime product suite across custody, trading, financing, and staking. Our top clients are engaged with most of these products in 2024, and our onboarding pipeline remains robust. Our Prime financing product had all-time high loan balances in the fourth quarter in connection with the strong market conditions, and we see elevated trading amongst clients who are using financing. Turning to our subscription and services revenue, which reached $641 million, up 15%. Our revenue growth was driven by higher asset prices and USDC market cap, as well as native unit inflows across staking, custody, and the USDC within our products. I want to touch on two points within subscription and services. First, our stablecoin revenue declined $21 million or 9%. We are super pleased to see USDC market cap increase and our on-platform balances grew substantially during the quarter. However, the lower interest rate environment and the impact of new USDC ecosystem participants more than offset this growth. Second, other subscription and services revenue grew $33 million or 56%. This was largely driven by Coinbase One. In early December, we announced Coinbase One exceeded 600,000 paid members, and we have continued to see strong growth since then. Switching to expenses. Total Q4 operating expenses were $1.2 billion, up 19%. Our expense growth primarily was driven by higher transaction expenses in connection with higher trading activity. Technology and development, general and administrative, and sales and marketing collectively grew by over $84 million or 10% quarter-over-quarter due to high performance marketing spend, higher USDC rewards, and some policy-related spend in the quarter as we pursued advocacy efforts within the US. Our fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was $1.3 billion, and net income was also $1.3 billion. Net income benefited by a $476 million in pretax gains on our crypto asset investment portfolio. The vast majority of this gain was unrealized. I want to note that on an after-tax basis, this represented $357 million of gains. Lastly, our USD resources grew to $9.3 billion by the end of the year. Our strong balance sheet gives us the resources and flexibility to invest in the business, provides capacity for acquisitions, enables us to invest in more crypto assets, or opportunistically address the capital structure via share or debt repurchases. Generally, we believe building a strong balance sheet provides us maximum optionality to capitalize on whatever opportunity we find as they arise. Before we get to Outlook, I want to highlight one important change in disclosure. In January, the SEC issued staff accounting bulletin 120, which rescinded the Gensler era SAB 121. In turn, it required us to record customer crypto assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. We early adopted SAB 122, which repealed SAB 121, and it reverses that requirement. As such, we are no longer reporting safeguarded customer assets and safeguarded liabilities on our balance sheet. In its place, we have reinstated assets on platform as a key business metric, which reports the amount of crypto and USDC we are securely storing on behalf of our customers. The only material change is the location of where we disclose customer assets in our audited financial statements. No change to our operational and legal processes of securely storing customer assets, no change to our obligations or risks. As of December 31st, we had $404 billion in total assets on platform, approximately 12% of total crypto market cap. You can see that our assets on platform is included in an audited footnote within our financial statements. Okay. Finally, I'll close with a few comments on our outlook. For Q1, we've had a strong start to the year and have generated roughly $750 million in transaction revenue year to date. We expect Q1 subscription and services revenue to grow sequentially and be in the range of $685 to $765 million. We expect growth to be driven by higher stablecoin revenue, continued growth of Coinbase One subscribers, and the higher average crypto asset prices we have seen so far in the quarter. With regards to stablecoin revenue, Brian mentioned earlier our stretch goal to make USDC the number one dollar stablecoin. I think it's important to note that we hope to achieve this over the next few years. We expect Q1 technology and development and general administrative expenses to be in the range of $750 million to $800 million. On sales and marketing, we expect the range to be between $235 to $375 million. Where we fall in this range will largely depend on whether we continue to see attractive performance marketing opportunities and the product USDC balances, which drives USDC rewards. With that, Danielle, let's go to questions.
Anil Gupta: Okay. So we'll take the top three questions from the Say portal. The first one is, how did the liquidation event that took place in early February affect Coinbase Global, Inc. users? Were Coinbase Global, Inc. users mostly buyers of that, or have you lost users as a result of the violent price action that took place? Alesia?
Alesia Haas: Well, I need to laugh at this question a little bit because volatility has been inherent in crypto. The price actions we saw in February were no different than the price actions we see on an average week or an average month within our industry. The markets recovered quickly. And I think it's really important to note that our retail users are long-term hodlers. We tend to see them hold for long periods of time and opportunistically come in and out of the markets when they see market conditions that are attractive to them. So there was no meaningful impact to our business as a result of the February volatility and market dislocation we saw in the broader market.
Anil Gupta: Second question, regulatory headwinds are shifting to tailwinds. Base is skyrocketing to be the top layer two. Broad USDC adoption, international purpose business is booming, AI leader. CDP is the AWS of crypto. And the inclusion of Coinbase Global, Inc. in the S&P 500 potentially coming soon. Any other promising growth drivers to highlight? Brian?
Brian Armstrong: Thanks for the question. I promise I didn't plant that or upload it myself. But I think what the question is touching on here is that we are a multiproduct business. We have a diverse stream of revenue from different product lines that we have out there. I'm really proud of, actually, that shift that we've made to having a retail platform, an institutional platform, a developer platform. And so that bodes well for, I think, the TAM of what we can get to over time. You asked about promising growth drivers to highlight. One of the things we try to do in these earnings calls is only talk about things which are now live, and I don't like that if announcing vaporware, but I can tell you there's lots of things we're working on internally, which I'm not ready to announce today. I guess I'll just go back to a couple that I am particularly excited about, that I mentioned previously. And one is just this next act for crypto. It's no longer just an asset class. People are using it for daily utility for more and more things. Base is powering crypto utility across a whole wide range of apps. Payments are taking off with stablecoins, as I mentioned. Things like prediction markets are providing real-world utility. Lots of people who weren't previously specifically interested in crypto or trading, but they're finding it as a new source of truth out there. And then I'd say our international expansion is also really exciting right now. And lots of M&A opportunities. Some of it we will just do organically as well. We have this playbook now where we've been able to get contribution margin positive in all the countries we've launched and actually at this point. And so that just tells me we should be doing more of them. And we are going to go build out this world-class trusted trading and financial services infrastructure in as many countries as we can.
Anil Gupta: Great. Final question. What are some initiatives that are now possible to explore under the new regulatory regime?
Brian Armstrong: Right. Yeah. It's really been a sea change, and it's been great. I feel like we have access to all the relevant decision-makers and folks in government now. They don't do what we want, but at least we can get meetings and share our point of view. They can take input from all the relevant parties to come up with clear rules. So one that I'm really excited about is Perpetual Futures. Most crypto trading actually happens with directional futures outside the US, and the US was really far behind on this. We made this point to folks many times in the last administration. We couldn't actually get approval to do it in the US. Hopeful there's a path to do that now in the US, which would bring a lot of the trading volume back onshore in this new regulatory regime. Also pretty interested in tokenized securities and equities, the traditional securities and equities out there. I think that it offers a lot of promise to consumers around being able to trade 24/7, internationally who maybe don't have easy access to this, being able to trade, trading fractions of a share, the clearing and settlement could happen in real-time, a number of kind of fee takers in the middle could be it could be the whole thing could be simplified and optimized if it was happening on-chain just because crypto is a way to update the financial system. So that's a pretty promising area that could be exciting over time for the whole industry. Prediction markets I mentioned, there was sort of a loss of trust in our institutions around the media and what's happening in the world. And so people are trying to figure out what's true, and I think prediction markets are a pretty interesting way to get truth about what's actually happening in the world, not just around elections, but all kinds of things. And then we are seeing more and more partnership opportunities. Traditional financial firms, tech players are all reaching out in 2025. With this new regulatory environment. M&A is legal again in the United States. Sort of jokingly, I'm saying that. But you know, there's an incredible pipeline of companies out there that could make sense to purchase as well. So yeah, a lot of good things on the horizon.
Anil Gupta: Thank you. So with that, Sarah, let's take our first question from the line, please.
Sarah: Thank you. Your first question comes from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Owen Lau: Good evening, and thank you for taking my questions. And congratulations on a quick quarter. When I look at your December and January market shares for US spot crypto, it looks like you started to take shares away from your competitors. There have been many lower-cost products out there since 2021, like FTX and now spot ETF. Could you please talk about how we can still gain shares, not just one month or two months, but through the cycle and what makes Coinbase Global, Inc. different from other platforms? Thanks.
Brian Armstrong: Yeah. Well, thanks for noticing that. We were really proud to see that we did hit an all-time high for both US spot and global derivatives market share in Q4. And, you know, look, crypto is on the rise. There are going to be lots of companies that are integrating crypto. We think that's a good thing. We think that to get more and more of global GDP running on crypto rails, we are going to have to have every bank, every fintech, every payment platform around the world begin to integrate here. And so Coinbase Global, Inc., we want to do that on our platform, but we also want to power this across all the other countries and companies out there. And so we are very focused on playing a role in that with our developer platform. So, you know, our share did grow quite a lot. I think that just speaks to the trust that people have in Coinbase Global, Inc. as a platform. We don't see it as a zero-sum game. We are trying to grow the size of the pie 100x for everyone.
Alesia Haas: Owen, I might just add on. We've seen a very strong start to Q1. And we believe that the underlying efforts that we are making to add assets, to continue to improve the user experience, our platform stability, and effective marketing will continue to position us well to gain share over the long term. We've always had experiences where a certain week, a certain month that our share falls off due to different trading pairs being popular in the market that we may not have either on our platform or the right pricing for. But what we see is over the long term, we can gain share and retain and grow users on our platform.
Sarah: The next question comes from Devin Ryan of Citizens JMP. Your line is open.
Devin Ryan: Thanks so much. Hi, Brian. Hi, Alesia. I've a question on international derivatives. Obviously, just gaining kind of massive traction there and another great quarter of growth. It seems like the fees there are quite a bit lower, obviously. And so I also appreciate that might make sense as you're taking share at this type of rate. But I'm curious as you think about take rates in derivatives kind of longer term, should we expect that they would kind of hold the line with where they are now, or could there be an opportunity to actually increase the take rates as you get to kind of the more mature share? Just curious kind of how to think about this opportunity longer term as you continue to grow it. Thanks.
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Devin. So right now, we are focused on building liquidity and building trading volume. And we are providing incentives to various market participants to focus on building that depth of liquidity in each of the order books as we put them on the platform. So, yes, I do believe that over time our fees will evolve and become more mature as we gain the scale and market position that we seek to have. And that right now, we are not focused on monetizing at the top of the range. That said, we are going to monetize this competitively with the market, and this is a lower-priced product than spot trading. And so you can see us be in a competitive market position here, but not at the current level we are today.
Sarah: The next question comes from Benjamin Budish with Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Benjamin Budish: Hi. Good evening, and thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could unpack a little bit of some of the activity, the trends you're seeing in some of the either kind of new to Coinbase Global, Inc. or resurrected customers. Can you talk about, you know, what is the level of activity? Are they coming over with large accounts? Are they engaging in a lot of trading, or is a lot of the trading coming from your sort of back book of existing customers? So what does that cohort look like? And maybe similarly with Coinbase One, you know, what is the activity level of the new traders? How would you describe that group? Thank you.
Alesia Haas: Alright. I will start this, and Brian, please feel free to add on. So we don't break out details on our customer cohorts in general, but what I would say is that new users tend to come on for either new coins that we list or they come on as first-time users of crypto where they're typically buying Bitcoin or Ethereum or large market cap assets. Those tend to be two waves of new user adoption. New product or new into crypto. But we are actually seeing those just the benefits of our effective marketing program, and we are really proud to say over time, our marketing has always been effective at a very good return on customer acquisition. It's a one-year return on investment. And so that cost of customer acquisition, we get paid back within a year. And so it's the trading activity that really typically drives that return. Resurrected users, these were users that we've always had on the platform that have already said, oh, I'm interested in crypto, but I'm not a daily active user. I'm just someone who was buying and hodling, and they tend to reengage whenever you see higher volatility, higher price, and crypto in the news. And those tend to be similar trends we've seen over time with our users on our platform. They're more engaged in these kind of more peaky market conditions. With regards to Coinbase One, we opened this product up internationally, and so a lot of our growth has come from making Coinbase One more attractive around the world, more available around the world with new benefits. These are users who are actively trading typically every single month because they benefit from no trading fees by having this monthly payment that they make to us. So these tend to be more active users, and we tend to see Coinbase One users more deeply engaged with all products on our platform.
Brian Armstrong: Yeah. I think just to add to that, you know, people who are holding crypto and they're not checking it that often maybe and then the price ticks up, they'll resurrect. They'll come back to check on their balance. But every time they do that, there's an opportunity to put other products in front of them. Maybe they want to get a loan on their Bitcoin. Maybe they want to have a Coinbase card. They want to earn staking rewards. And so maybe do payments to peer-to-peer payments or anything like that. So there's more and more products we can put in front of them every time they come back. And, you know, so it's all of the above, I think, is really the short answer to your question. Those users coming back are doing everything.
Sarah: The next question comes from Ken Worthington of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Worthington: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. We have a more friendly administration, which you noted. The White House repealed SAB 121 right out of the gate. As we look forward, what are the more or most important pieces that congress and regulators have to get right in order for the construct in order to get a to actually, developers and markets that we're hoping to see?
Brian Armstrong: I'll share a few thoughts on that, and then maybe, Paul, if you want to add anything. So the first part of it is really market structure legislation being passed. And, you know, another word people use for this is token classification, which is essentially answering this age-old question of which of these are commodities? Which are securities? Some of them are payments, like or currency, stablecoins, and which of them are something else entirely, like, not regulated like artwork or collectibles. And so, if we can get that token classification clarified in new legislation, you know, if congress can really do that, I think it would open up huge pools of capital to flow into crypto. You know, all kinds of good things happen. Startups can start to build. So that's the first piece is market structure or token classification. The second piece is around stablecoins. And we really want to see a clear framework emerge to have dollar-backed stablecoins be issued in the United States with clear legislation behind it. We want to make sure that there's a state pathway for those. It doesn't have to just be done federally. We want to make sure that you don't have to be a bank, although you could, to issue a stablecoin. I think if you're not doing fractional reserve, you shouldn't need a banking license. You could be, for instance, a trust company. You know, you need to pass audits that show you have 100% reserves, things like that. So those would be key pillars of a stablecoin bill. You know, beyond that, I think it would also be great to see a strategic Bitcoin reserve in the United States. We need to make sure that there's fair access to banking services, things like Operation Chokepoint don't happen again. And just I'd say broadly, there's almost like a bill of rights for the American citizens that they have the right to self-custody and to own crypto and to use it. These are foundational principles that we're hoping would come out of any legislation. Paul, anything I missed?
Paul Grewal: I would just underscore, Brian, the need for a functional bill of rights. Unfortunately, I think the executive order that the president issued provides really a nice foundation for that. You saw things like statements that commit to protecting lawful blockchain activities and promoting dollar-backed stablecoins. Critically, ensuring fair access to banking services. So I think the bones are in place to support that. And we're also quite encouraged by the early work of the crypto task force, the SEC. Under which or by which Commissioner Peirce, I think, has made it very clear she intends to move and move fast on providing real guidance to the market and especially to builders on what they can expect and the process they can expect when they come in and meet with the SEC in the months and years ahead.
Sarah: The next question is from Pete Christiansen with Citi. Your line is open.
Pete Christiansen: Good evening. Thanks for the question. Congrats on the outstanding quarter and results. Brian, I'm curious. I want to take a little bit more into the consumer acquisition strategy for Coinbase Global, Inc. I'd love to hear your thoughts on how do crypto natives build up the value proposition for consumers to trade on crypto native solutions? How does that value proposition or that differentiation evolve versus all-in-one TradFi kind of solutions that are out there? Thank you.
Brian Armstrong: Yeah. Well, you know, a lot of people come to the platform initially. They're curious about crypto. Coinbase Global, Inc. has the most trusted brand. We've been around the longest. We're dedicated to crypto. And so that's the entry point for a lot of folks. We also do a lot of traditional marketing. We do a lot of referral marketing and, like, growth programs within the company, which are very effective in positive ROI. You know, we try to target that one-year payback period that Alesia mentioned. And so as they come in and they that's sort of often people's first foray into crypto. They start to learn a little bit more about it, and then they start adding on other products. Right? This is where they might do payments or staking or borrowing and lending or Coinbase card. And, eventually, you know, we see businesses onboarding as well, and they're using it for their own purposes. You know, treasury management, hedge against inflation, maybe starting to pay vendors overseas. And so you can see there's often the thing that gets them in the front door to start with, but then they start to realize there's a broader potential here, and they start to think about Coinbase Global, Inc. as a primary financial account where they can participate in this new economy. Today, only about half of a percent of global GDP is running on crypto rails. We think that that could expand dramatically by the end of the decade. And you know, that starts where things start to get really exciting as this is a foundational account you might have for your participation in the global economy. So I'm not sure if I answered your question directly. We could talk about there's crypto native competitors. There's traditional TradFi competitors, some that are specific to each category out there, but you know, if you have any further follow-ups, just let me know.
Emilie Choi: I think just to double down on that, the way that we look at the competitive set is we are a crypto native competitor that plays deeply in and has leaned into the values of leaning into regulatory, leaning into security, leaning into ease of use. I think one of the things that Brian realized very early on was that being crypto native was akin to being digital native back in the day. If you look at something like traditional retailers who added digital as a feature, it was never nearly as impactful as building from the ground up digital native the way some like, a company like Amazon did. I think that that benefits us because even if you are, as Brian described, somebody who's curious about crypto, you come in. Perhaps you're curious about Bitcoin. You then you come into Coinbase Global, Inc. You have a good experience. Perhaps you try other assets, perhaps you try staking and are exposed to other native features. And having that the rails and building blocks for that, including things like Base, and wallet and USDC, I think provides us with a much stronger, durable competitive advantage over time.
Sarah: The next question is from Patrick Moley of Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Patrick Moley: Yes. Good evening. Thanks for taking the question. So, Brian, a few weeks ago, you posted on X and said you felt like Coinbase Global, Inc. needed to rethink its listing process given the sheer volume of tokens that are being created. On a daily basis a lot of which I would assume are kind of these meme tokens where you're seeing a lot of trading being done. So could you maybe just expand on those comments and talk about how you see your listed token offering evolving from here? Thanks.
Brian Armstrong: Yeah. Thanks for reading that and bringing it up. I do think it's an important transition that the industry is going through where we're seeing more and more tokens being created. And I think that's a really good thing. It means people are using crypto for lots of different use cases. And it's actually, you know, by some estimates, we're at about a million tokens a week here. And, you know, many of those are lower quality or meme coins. But it speaks to just the volume of what's happening here. It's a little bit like, you know, the early days of the Internet. You could have you could list all the major websites on a single directory, and, eventually, you needed Google Search to sort through because the Internet just got so big, and that's a little bit what we're seeing with crypto. So this means for Coinbase Global, Inc. is that we need to deeply integrate decentralized exchanges into our product where I think the customer won't really know or need to care about whether it's trading on a centralized exchange or a decentralized exchange. They just want to look up an asset and maybe participate in that. But we also need to balance giving people access to what they want with appropriate disclosures and consumer protection so that they know that they're trading the appropriate asset. It's not, you know, something pretending to be that asset or you know, it's a little bit like again, searching through there might be a hundred thousand results in Google, but you kind of want to only look at the first page. Or if you search for some product on Amazon, there might be thousands of them, but you want to buy the one with the reviews. I think there's a variety of ways that we can balance that consumer protection with giving customers access to the broad range of assets out there.
Sarah: The next question comes from John Todaro with Needham. Your line is open.
John Todaro: Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on the really strong quarter. Brian, I have a broader question about the overall vision for Coinbase Global, Inc. to maybe become something a lot bigger than a crypto brokerage. The two areas I see are stablecoins and then the tokenized real-world assets, which you've discussed. You know, you could see a world where a lot of that transfer activity all ultimately happens on Base. So one, just do you agree with that vision? And then two, is there anything more specifically you guys can do to push both of those segments?
Brian Armstrong: Yeah. Well, that is definitely the plan. I think, you know, like I said, people are coming to crypto think of it as an asset class they could trade. And over the last ten years, it was the best performing asset class out there. But it's already become much, much more than that. And people who don't use crypto every day, they sometimes don't fully wrap their heads around that. But you know, if you look at that stablecoin volume at $30 trillion of volume last year, it grew 3x year-over-year. If that continues, it's going to be a really meaningful portion of global GDP. And so that's a huge one that you mentioned. You know, and tokenizing real-world assets or traditional securities. I mean, eventually, you know, real estate, the debt markets, like, private credit, everything should come on-chain. It's really just a more efficient way of transferring value, and it can do real-time settlement and eliminate various risks that are out there in the ecosystem. So, I mean, there's lots that we can do on this front. I mean, in the broadest sense, the thing that we're doing is we're trying to make all these products trusted and easy to use. I think that's where we differentiate the most on our brand. People we see in surveys that they do trust the Coinbase Global, Inc. brand the most. It comes from our track record of compliance, security, design, customer support, a variety of things go into that trust, and then we're trying to make it easy to use for the average person. So they may not understand quite how to access a decentralized exchange through DeFi and worry about private keys and addresses and bridging and all these complex topics. But if we make it simple, we think there's an order of magnitude more people who will come to use our products. You know, on Stablecoin specifically, for instance, we can think we can really fuel a lot of that growth by just driving more partnerships with global and local players like Stripe, Yellowcard, to do more global adoption. You know, we've been adding a number of additional stablecoin trading pairs on our platform. You know, we've been offering rewards to our customers when they hold USDC. So almost like having a checking account in a not even a savings account. It'd be like a I guess, like a you know, something that pays much more, like owning short-term treasuries or something. But you can have that in just one account. And these are things we can do to help drive adoption of these various things. So I mean, longer term, it's like we want to be the primary financial account for many people in the global economy. And so you could compare that to a brokerage. You can compare it to banking. You can compare it to a payments company. I think it has aspects of all of those things in the limit here. That's the aspiration. And so that's a pretty exciting opportunity, and one can think about what the value of that might be over time.
Sarah: The next question comes from Dan Dolev of Mizuho. Your line is open.
Dan Dolev: Hey, guys. Great results out there. I just wanted to ask about I think you mentioned kind of global contracts earlier. So I think you know, your competitor was talking about sort of this is a big market of political, you know, political betting or any betting. Is there any view here to use Coinbase Global, Inc. as a platform globally to do something similar? Thank you.
Brian Armstrong: Okay. I think you're referring to prediction markets. Yeah. So we have nothing to announce today on that front, but I do think prediction markets are very exciting. I know I touched on it a little bit in my opening remarks, but I think the really, the United States but the world kind of got a wake-up call on these prediction markets in this recent election. I think it was some of these were, like, in the top few downloaded apps in the app stores during the election. And they called the election correctly, far in advance of every other traditional source that was just flat wrong. And so this is answering a big question. Crypto is like the answer to this major question people have in society today, is how do I know what's true? Everybody's worried about misinformation. They're worried about bias. And the beautiful thing about these prediction markets is that people have real skin in the game. And so I actually think it's a better source of truth than what we're seeing in many traditional media publications. And if you look at the surveys, you know, around people's trust in institutions, it's like the traditional media, etcetera, it's at an all-time low. So it's just one more example where I think crypto can provide an interesting solution. We're interested in looking at it more over time.
Emilie Choi: One of the things about Coinbase Global, Inc. is that we're not necessarily always first to market with the cutting-edge products. We're actually comfortable with that position. We've watched, for example, international markets that are more deregulated launch products that then we can adopt here, especially with the good favorable regulatory climate here. Or, you know, there's just a swath of different products that come out, and we can watch as they resonate or don't resonate with users. That's one of the reasons that we've invested so much in Coinbase Ventures. It allows us to get ahead, to have multiple plays, to plant many seeds. And then as those things potentially sprout, we can take advantage of them either by buying, building, or acquiring or partnering over time.
Sarah: The next question comes from Bo Pei of U.S. Tiger Securities. Your line is open.
Bo Pei: My management, thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the strong result. Two questions, if I may. So first is about retail trading fees. So historically, the retail trading fee rate has tended to decline during previous surging trading volume. However, this quarter, despite trading volume nearly tripling, the retail fee rate actually increased slightly sequentially. So could you just provide more insight into this dynamic? Was this primarily driven by rapid increasing derivatives revenue changes in stablecoin trading fees, or other factors? That's my first question.
Alesia Haas: So this quarter, we just saw strong growth of both simple and advanced trading, and so we didn't see any disproportionate contribution from either one of them, which is why the fee rate was largely similar quarter over quarter. So we just saw growth across the board.
Bo Pei: Thank you. And second question is about competition. So, yes, yesterday, an online trading platform reported, I think, 400% year-over-year growth in crypto trading volume. How do you view the competitive landscape in this environment, specifically do you plan to compete with peers that offer a broader range of trading products beyond crypto?
Brian Armstrong: Yeah. So this is Brian. I can share a little bit about how we think of it. So we really want everyone to come into crypto. I know and I keep saying this and maybe people don't fully believe me, but it's really true. We're trying to get the global financial system updated and have more global GDP running on crypto rails. We think that that's a more efficient, fair, and free world with accelerated progress, and it creates economic freedom. And we're going to have to have every bank, every payment company, every brokerage, etcetera, integrate crypto into their platforms. Now Coinbase Global, Inc. can be the primary financial account. We can be the most trusted product out there for many people, we can also power a lot of this for other companies. And so we're genuinely not that worried about the competitive landscape. I mean, we have to make sure we're meeting our customers' needs, but the way we do that is by going and talking to our customers. We don't necessarily look at what other people are doing. We want more and more people to participate here. We want to power those solutions for them. And it's just whenever you see new companies coming into crypto, you should think that is great for Coinbase Global, Inc. It's TAM expansion.
Emilie Choi: It goes back to my thing about that we think being crypto native and having been here for this long is a huge competitive advantage. We actually weirdly welcome everybody coming into this space. We think it's good for the whole ecosystem when there are free markets. When TradFi competitors and others further validate the industry for their customers, and I think one of the things Brian had said, I remember at the IPO roadshow is where we zig, where they zag. We've always been about crypto first, and we think it benefits customers and it benefits us over the longer term.
Brian Armstrong: Yeah. And I think you shared a question about just other trading products, etcetera, we sort of mentioned earlier, the study of tokenizing traditional securities or other real-world assets. Like, all of these categories, I think, are eventually going to get tokenized and put on-chain. And so we're focused on the on-chain economy here and the crypto asset aspect of it, but that's going to grow to include more and more of the total financial system and all asset classes.
Anil Gupta: Sarah, we'll take one more question.
Sarah: Thank you. Our final question will come from Alexander Markgraff of KBCM. Your line is open.
Alexander Markgraff: Thanks. I'll try to squeeze in two here if I can. Maybe just one model, one first as it relates to the sales and marketing outlook. Under logic in terms of the wider than usual range. Just curious, is that wider than usual range? Is that a new approach to forecasting that line or how you're communicating that to us, or is it more a function of market conditions as you're going through the planning process?
Alesia Haas: This outlook is a function of the current market condition. We saw wider opportunities to deploy marketing dollars post-election. We've seen great variance week to week as we've gone through the last eight weeks, and we wanted to recognize that the next six weeks of the quarter could be quite volatile, and so we wanted to capture an outlook that didn't give us any restraints on the business if we saw great opportunities to put money to work to acquire new customers, but also communicated that it could be wide. So just a function of what we see today.
Alexander Markgraff: Okay. Understood. Thank you. And then, Brian, maybe one on CDP, when you talk about company building on-chain. Maybe just could you paint a picture of sort of non-crypto native participation today and how you would expect that to evolve in a backdrop where there is clearer regulation and legislation in the near term. Thank you.
Brian Armstrong: Yeah. Well, a lot of the early adopters of CDP are startups, but if you're talking about and they're doing interesting things with AI and, like, payout solutions and a lot of things sort of more native on-chain. But if you're asking about non-crypto native adoption. And by the way, you know, Coinbase Prime has a great API solution. A lot of parties are using that. So there's various, actually, ways we can serve them. It's not direct not only CDP. Various institutional clients can automate pieces of their Coinbase Prime account with an API as well. But I think what it'll look like over time for the non-crypto natives, you know, the Fortune 500s of the world, etcetera, you know, first, they'll come in and they'll say, okay. For just good treasury management. Inflation risk mitigation. We should hold a percentage of our balance sheet in Bitcoin. That's just a way that's the new gold standard. Right? It's just become, like, a best practice, and we can help them with that. I think then they'll start to think about, okay, how much am I paying in B2B payment fees? Paying various vendors, you know? And where might there be, like, financing opportunities? So, you know, cross-border payments, these kind of things are areas where crypto can really provide a better solution. And so I think they'll integrate from, like, a treasury management payments, like, those sort of things from the Fortune 500. Now some of them will actually go even further than that, I think, and they'll start to say, okay. How do we issue our rewards points on-chain? How do we allow members of our community that are, like, some new product they're launching to participate in a sense of ownership around it or governance around it? Right? Others might like, if you were building, you know, Reddit or Uber or Airbnb today, you'd probably you'd want to early users on that platform or Wikipedia or anybody contributing to a community or a product you'd want to have the early users of that platform earn rewards or have governance rights over it just like the employees working on it. Right? And so you could imagine new products being launched in those categories. So yeah. I think eventually it'll integrate into many different companies in different ways, but crypto is many different things, and we can provide those services through our CDP, Coinbase Prime, etcetera.
Anil Gupta: Great. That's it for today. Thank you all for joining us, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
Sarah: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Sarah, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coinbase Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Anil Gupta, Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Anil Gupta: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Coinbase Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Joining me on today's call are Brian Armstrong, Co-Founder and CEO; Emilie Choi, President and COO; Alesia Haas, CFO; and Paul Grewal, Chief Legal Officer. I hope you've all had the opportunity to read our shareholder letter, which was published on our Investor Relations website earlier today. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we may make forward-looking statements, which may vary materially from actual results. Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause these results to differ is included in our SEC filings. Our discussion today will also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in the shareholder letter on our Investor Relations website. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for GAAP measures. We are once again using the Say Technologies platform to enable our shareholders to ask questions. In addition, we'll take live questions from our research analysts. And with that, I'll turn it over to Brian for opening comments.
Brian Armstrong: Thanks, Anil. I'm excited to share our progress on our 2024 priorities. Just a reminder, our priorities for 2024 were, number one, driving revenue; number two, driving utility, which is really going beyond just trading as a use case for crypto and how do we make it a part of people's ordinary lives; and then number three, driving regulatory clarity. So we'll touch on each of these in turn. So starting with driving revenue. We had some softer market conditions in Q3, but overall, it was a really solid quarter for Coinbase. It was our seventh consecutive quarter of positive adjusted EBITDA. It was our fourth consecutive quarter of positive net income. And as you've heard from us many times, we've made a big effort to diversify our revenue over the years away from transaction fee revenue, which is more volatile, it's not as predictable, it's more market dependent. We've shifted more of that to subscription and services revenue over time. And we've made incredible progress on that this year. So we're now on pace to surpass $2 billion in subscription and services revenue in 2024. That's up from just $1.4 billion in 2023. And this has really given us the resources to invest in some of those next steps around utility and regulatory clarity. Just a quick update on some of our international expansion efforts because this also helps drive our revenue. We did invest in 4 new markets. And over the last few years -- the last 2 years that have now -- the revenues exceeded their direct operating costs. And so that's kind of showing that we have a playbook there that's repeatable, and we can continue to do that in more countries. So this has resulted in a stronger balance sheet, which is now at $8.2 billion, and that's given us a lot of financial flexibility. We can do lots of different things with that. But our Board has also authorized a $1 billion stock buyback, which is something we can use at our discretion as well. Okay. So moving on to the second priority was around driving utility. This is really important because crypto started off as an asset class that people wanted to trade. But we actually want to increase economic freedom in the world. We want to update the financial system. We want to make it a part of people's daily lives. And to benefit from it, not everybody in the world is someone with disposable income to actually do trading every day, they need to be doing things that are more frequent for regular people. And so some of these building blocks are now really just starting to come together this quarter and the last few quarters, that are going to allow us to bring on, hopefully, 1 billion or more people into the crypto space. And I'll just touch on a few of those quickly. One of them is stablecoins. These are useful for people in high inflation markets. They're useful for people who want to make money move faster around the world, do fast, cheap payments, remittances. Smart wallets is the second one. This is a technology that we really pioneered and it's made onboarding to crypto-based apps much lower friction and reduce the fees, and it has a bunch of benefits, which I'll talk about. And then the last one is a Layer 2 solution called Base. This is allowing blockchains to really scale, and it's enabling every transaction to happen under 1 second, $0.01 anywhere in the world. I think crypto is probably the only rail -- payment rail in the world that can claim that. It's both fast, cheap and global. So let's touch on each of these and just think about how they're coming together to enable new use cases. One of those use cases is payments. And payments is having a bit of a moment right now in crypto. I'd say it's a really important trend that's underappreciated. So last year, stablecoin payments or transactions, we saw about $10 trillion of volume. And we're actually -- we've already 2x that in 2024. So it surpassed $20 trillion already. It will be larger, of course, by the end of this year. And so one of the things that's really making that possible is now having a trusted stablecoin with USDC. It's one of those important building blocks. We've made a really big effort at Coinbase to integrate stablecoins into all of our different products. And that's actually driven USDC growth in a major way. The market cap of USDC is up 45% year-to-date to $36 billion in Q3. That's up from $25 billion at the start of this year. And I believe it's actually now the fastest growing U.S. dollar-backed stablecoin, at least major one out there. We also launched support for EURC, which is a Euro-backed stablecoin on Base. We were able to help double its market cap in Q3, and that's now become the largest euro-backed stablecoin. So this is no longer just a dollar phenomenon. We're going to see stablecoins in many different fiat currencies. So that's an important building block with stablecoins. The second one, I mentioned was smart wallets. And last quarter, we actually launched support for smart wallets. This really revolutionizes the user interface that people go through, especially with self-custodial wallets to onboard to crypto. So they no longer have to remember this recovery phrase or write it down. People were always worried about losing these recovery phrases, and they no longer need to do that. They can use biometrics or something called pass keys to create the wallet in just a second or two. There's nothing to remember or write-down or to lose or forget. And it also helps eliminate some of the network fees. We came up with a clever solution around that because there was often a sort of chicken-egg situation where people didn't have the crypto to pay the network fee and now they don't have to have that. So it's still early days, but we're seeing really positive signals there. Not all of our products have integrated this. But in some of the ones where we have, we've seen the time-to-first transaction, which is a metric we track go down to about 8 minutes instead of it being 2.5 hours using some of the more traditional wallets. So smart wallets have made the onboarding simpler. And then lastly, these Layer 2 solutions have been a huge contributor and Base, which is our Layer 2 solution that we helped pioneer and is now decentralizing is -- it's become the #1 Layer 2 solution out there. It's been incredibly successful whether you measure that by the transaction count process or the total value that's on the platform. It's now the #1 Layer 2 solution out there. And so I think this is going to become the default way that people pay with Layer 2, on Base, USDC, it's less than $0.01, 1 second, anywhere in the world. It went from $10 trillion of volume last year to $20 trillion of volume this year. It's really starting to happen in front of our eyes. And Base has continued to really innovate quickly. So for instance, they added something called Base names, which is an onchain identity product. This is just makes it -- it makes crypto easier to use if you can send to a human readable name instead of these wallet addresses, which look a little more complex. They also launched something called cbBTC or Coinbase Bitcoin BTC. We launched that on Ethereum in Base. And this is essentially a coin-based wrapped version of Bitcoin that allows people to use all of the value that they've accumulated in Bitcoin, but use it for -- in DeFi applications, such as for borrowing and lending. So the Base team has just been innovating at a really important pace here. So all of these building blocks are coming together where you can really start to see consumer utility happening in crypto. And just to give you an analogy of how I think about it, sort of really how the Internet started, right. If you go back to the year 2000, only about half of 1% of global GDP was happening through e-commerce. And today, it's about 20% of global GDP running through e-commerce. And so I think crypto is going to follow a similar trend. We've done our own internal estimates of this, and we've -- it's a tough thing to estimate, but by -- our best guess is about 0.5 of 1% of global GDP is occurring on crypto rails. We really want to get that to be 20% of global GDP running on crypto rails. We think that they're faster, they're cheaper. They're more global. They're more fair. They're more free. It's just -- payments are going to flow to the path of least resistance, kind of like water. And these are the best payment rails in the world. Many other benefits people want this globally as a refuge from inflation, economic freedom, good financial infrastructure. It just -- it creates prosperity around the world. And so we're going to -- I think we now have that foundation in place to see global GDP run more and more on crypto rails over the coming years. Okay. So that's driving utility. Let's talk about driving regulatory clarity as our final pillar here. I'm really proud of where we've gotten to as an industry, as a community over the last few years. I mean just a few years ago, we were -- we felt like crypto was under siege. There was a small handful of people that were very anti-crypto, really attacking the industry. And today, it really couldn't be a different story. Both presidential candidates are now courting the crypto voter in their statements. Over 350 politicians running for federal office have now adopted pro-crypto stances. If you look at StandWithCrypto.org's rating system, they have either an A or a B grade. And so really no matter what happens in the election, it's going to be the most pro-crypto congress ever. We know that already. And then we had a big success this year with the House in the United States passing procrypto legislation with strong bipartisan support, that was the FIT 21 bill. And so that's, of course, now being discussed in the Senate. And so I just feel like crypto has shown up in a really massive way on the policy side, and it's a very powerful voice and constituencies. So we tried to really do our part here and supporting our customers, and we've been a major supporter for instance, to Fairshake. They were one of the largest nonpartisan packs in this election, maybe the largest one, I'm not sure. And we also supported StandWithCrypto.org. This grassroots advocacy group that I mentioned. They're now up to 1.8 million crypto advocates who have raised their hand. It's an incredible number. These are folks who have raised their hand and said they want to elect procrypto candidates in this election. So this is a huge number of voters. By the way, all of you, I think, can help if you want to see this industry get built in America, I encourage you to go check out, StandWithCrypto.org and look up your state, see the scores of the different candidates running where you live. And so we'll how this election turns out in 5 days or so. But I think regardless of what's happening -- what happens at this election, it's actually already been a huge positive success. And one thing I want to make a really big point of talking about today is that we're not going to slow down post election, right? In 5, 6 days, we're going to get our results, but we know that this is going to be an ongoing focus. And we need to make sure we get procrypto legislation passed in this country to really unleash the floodgates of new sources of capital and innovation. And we can't have this environment of regulation by enforcement that's kind of killing all these start-ups that are trying to innovate in the space. And so I think it's going to be a huge tailwind for this industry if we can get regulatory clarity. So we're announcing today that we're going to be committing another $25 million to Fairshake, ahead of the election regardless of the results, and that's going to be used not in this current election but actually just to continue momentum going into the 2026 midterms. In addition to that, we're going to continue to support StandWithCrypto.org after this election. They have a stretch goal of getting to 4 million advocates by 2026 midterms. And so we're going to support them in that result. So these have been 2 of our highest ROI investments to date on the policy side. I do think it's one of the biggest levers that we can pull to try to help this industry thrive, support our customers. When I go meet with big financial institutions or just regular people who are using crypto, the #1 thing I hear and I ask them, why aren't you using it more and they tell me it's regulatory clarity, especially on the institutional side. I think that's going to be a massive source of inflow of capital if we can get that checkbox for many of them. So yes. That's our summary on driving revenue, utility and regulatory clarity. Just to close here, I think we're really well positioned. We've got positive adjusted EBITDA in all macro environments for 7 consecutive quarters now. I think the business is in a really healthy place from a cost point of view, managing expenses, and that's given us the resources to go fund driving utility and this regulatory clarity, which can really be the next chapter of crypto to grow this, hopefully, to 1 billion users or more over time. So I'll end there and pass it over to Alesia.
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Brian. So just as Brian shared that we have 3 goals for the company this year. We also have 3 financial goals, and we made progress on each of these in the third quarter. The first is to continue to diversify our revenue; second, maintaining expense discipline; and third, generating positive adjusted EBITDA in all market conditions. So why don't we introduce those but then dive deep into our results. Our Q3 total revenue was $1.2 billion, our expenses were within the outlook ranges we provided last quarter, and adjusted EBITDA was $449 million. Our balance sheet strengthened and our total USD resources grew 5% quarter-over-quarter to end the quarter at $8.2 billion. Now starting with transaction revenue. Our total trading volume was $185 billion, down 18% quarter-over-quarter. This was driven by lower crypto asset volatility and average asset prices that we saw during the quarter. In turn, our total transaction revenue was $573 million, down 27% quarter-over-quarter. You can see the observable difference in our trading volume and our transaction revenue growth rates in Q3. So I wanted to highlight a few trends to partly explain these results. First, importantly, our share of fiat to crypto trading volume in the U.S. where the majority of our consumer revenue was derived was steady quarter-over-quarter. Second, what we did see though was consumer stablecoin pair trading volume grew significantly quarter-on-quarter. In part, we believe this growth was driven by a product update, which enabled an easier way for advanced traders to trade stablecoins on our platform. And while we generate little-to-no fees on stablecoin pair trades, growing adoption of stablecoins and USDC specifically, is core to our strategy, and we monetize USDC via our commercial relationship with the issuer of USDC. Third, we saw a decrease in nontrading consumer transaction revenue. So nontrading consumer transaction revenue includes revenue from DEXs and minor fees. Switching over to the institutional side. We did see a decline in institutional spot revenue quarter-over-quarter, but we saw relative outperformance of our prime broker and our Derivatives business. And while not yet material, we're really pleased to see the beginnings of the derivatives revenue growth as our efforts to diversify the sources of our revenue continue to be a priority for us. Turning to subscription and services revenue, which was $556 million, down 7% quarter-over-quarter. We were really pleased to grow native units in staking and custody. However, this native unit growth was offset by lower average crypto asset prices, which impacted these revenues during the quarter. Our Q3 stablecoin revenue grew 3%, as USDC market cap growth and our on-platform USDC balance growth exceeded the impact of lower interest rates. To finish out revenue, I wanted to share that the number of Coinbase One paid subscribers continue to grow, and we saw all new all-time highs in the third quarter. Turning now to expenses. Total Q3 operating expenses were $1 billion, down 6% quarter-over-quarter. Our adjusted EBITDA was $449 million and net income was $75 million. Net income was impacted by $121 million in pretax losses on our crypto asset investment portfolio, the vast majority of which was unrealized. These losses were about $92 million after reflecting the tax impact. We ended the third quarter with $8.2 billion in USD resources, up 5% quarter-over-quarter. As Brian shared earlier, we announced today that our Board of Directors has authorized our first stock repurchase program of up to $1 billion with no expiration. As we've now seen 7 quarters of consecutive positive adjusted EBITDA and meeting our financial objectives and all market conditions, we are looking to be increasingly strategic with our capital allocation, and this program gives us another tool that we will look to use opportunistically. Finally, to close, I wanted to highlight a few things on our Q4 outlook. Zooming out, we're really pleased to see our long-term revenue diversification efforts paying off as subscription and services revenue is on pace to exceed $2 billion this year. Nevertheless, our Q4 subscription and services outlook reflects certain headwinds, including a 10% price decline in Ethereum in October compared to the Q3 average as well as lower interest rates. Meanwhile, we will continue to work on growing product adoption and growing native units on platform to help offset these headwinds. Second, on technology and development and general and administrative expenses, we continue to be disciplined in adding fixed expenses to our cost structure. We are expecting Q4 tech and dev and G&A expenses to be in the range of $690 million to $730 million. Third and finally, on sales and marketing, we have increased variable expenses over the last year, notably USDC Reward rates and performance marketing. In Q4, we expect sales and marketing to be between $170 million and $220 million, driven by higher on-platform USDC balances and higher brand spend. With that, Anil, let's go to questions.
Anil Gupta: Okay. Great. Thanks. So we'll take the top 3 questions voted on from Say, and then we'll turn it over to some live questions from the analysts. So the first one, we had 2 questions -- 2 shareholders who asked a similar question with the same theme. Would Coinbase consider a Bitcoin, Ethereum or other reserve strategy like micro strategy. Alesia?
Alesia Haas: Good news. We do invest in crypto, and we have an investment portfolio on the balance sheet. The fair market value of our crypto investments was about $1.3 billion at the end of the third quarter. You can see more detail in our filings, but we hold Bitcoin in addition to Ethereum and a mix of other crypto assets. These are intended to be long-term investments. One way to contextualize this is that our crypto investment portfolio of $1.3 billion is about 25% of our net cash balance. That is total cash minus our debt. We do need to keep cash on hand for a variety of purposes. First, capital requirements for our regulated legal entities. We keep cash on hand for M&A opportunities and ventures and to hedge our operational activities. To be clear, we are an operating company and not an investment company. But over time, we absolutely want to grow our operations such that we hold and transact with an increasing amount of crypto transactions, and we are going to look for opportunities to do so.
Anil Gupta: All right. Second question, how are Base, Smart Wallet and cbBTC driving revenue for Coinbase? How is Base performance relative to other L2s or L1s? What are Coinbase's plans to onboard more users and drive adoption? Also, how do you see CDP evolving? Could it become the AWS of crypto. Brian?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. So I'll try to take each of these one by one. to start with Base earnings revenue via sequencer fees or think of it as transaction fees, we're keeping those very low right now to help it scale. But those could be meaningful over time. And then Smart Wallet is really just about simplifying the onboarding process for especially self-custodial wallets, but maybe other products over time, not just going to accelerate growth, open up new user groups that could onboard less technical folks. cbBTC, that really, in part, it just drives usage of Base, but it also brings more assets on platform. People have Bitcoin that they want to use in different DeFi applications like borrowing and lending. There are potential opportunities to monetize that. So these are all somewhat early in their growth stage, but these are the building blocks, I would say, that are going to enable us to really drive the utility phase of crypto. You'd asked about how Base is doing, and I mentioned in the opening statement, it's #1 -- the #1 Layer 2 solution now by transactions processed and total value on the platform. Just to give a little more detail on that. The transactions increased 55% on Base quarter-over-quarter. It's a pretty incredible pace of growth right now. And actually, the number of -- well, that was all actually while the median transaction fee, we kept it below $0.01. So we're really trying to keep that low to help with growth. You asked about CDP. That's Coinbase Developer Platform for anybody who's not familiar. I do think this could become the AWS of crypto. We're really trying to take a lot of the hard, technical challenges that we've built internally to create our own products and make them available to third parties. It's kind of like selling picks and shovels in the gold rush or whatever analogy you want to use. And I think that this could help hopefully thousands of crypto companies or even just noncrypto companies really start to integrate crypto in different ways over time. Recently, we've seen a big surge of developers building AI agents that actually have an embedded crypto wallet, which I think is a very interesting trend. And we're seeing a lot of start-ups use CDP for that. So that's pretty cool. Yes. So I don't know -- I think just in conclusion, I'd say that all of these pieces are coming together to help us drive utility and we'll monetize them in different ways over time. But if we can help 1 billion people get more economic freedom with good financial infrastructure, sound money, global rails, decentralized identity systems, there's all kinds of things that will be possible to monetize there. And so yes, hopefully that answers your question.
Anil Gupta: And then our final question from Say, any plans to provide dividends to shareholders in the future. Alesia?
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the question. So while not a dividend, we did announce today that we have an authorization to repurchase up to $1 billion in shares. And this is a way of returning capital to shareholders. I wanted to talk a little bit about our rationale and how we think about capital allocation. As we continue to strengthen our balance sheet over the past few years, we now have about $8.2 billion in USD resources in addition to the $1.3 billion in fair market value of crypto investment assets that I mentioned earlier. Our primary goal is to invest in our business. We want to fund new products. We want to expand internationally. We want to do product development. We also use our balance sheet to help scale our lending business, our prime financing business within the institutional product suite. But beyond that, we see a number of other opportunities to utilize our available cash resources. M&A and ventures have always been a focus area for us. We made some opportunistic debt repurchases over the past few years, notably our 2026 converts. And today, we're now announcing that we opportunistically would like to start exploring returning capital to shareholders with the buyback authorization. So no dividends, but we are being more strategic with our capital and look to create an opportunity to return this capital through repurchases.
Anil Gupta: Thank you. And so Sarah, with that, let's take our first question, please.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Pete Christiansen with Citi.
Peter Christiansen: Brian, Alesia, I'm curious on your views on Coinbase's share of other crypto assets, I guess, all coins. And I guess if we look at Q4, Q1 earlier this year, it was a much higher percentage of your overall volume. It's come down quite a bit since then, maybe 10 points. Just curious if you're seeing any meaningful shifts there in Coinbase's ability to drive share in some of the lesser-traded tokens?
Alesia Haas: Let me start with that one, Pete, and then Brian can or Emilie can add on thoughts. What we see with especially the long tail is oftentimes trading is correlated very much with volatility. And so when there’s more volatility in that long tail, we tend to get more market makers, hedge funds as well as advanced traders trading that long tail. Crypto asset volatility came down in Q3 as compared to Q2. And so we did see a little bit of that volume shift. The other thing that we've seen is post the ETFs getting approved, there's just been more focus on Bitcoin and Ethereum. And the ETFs have been the tide that lifts all ships, and that has driven volume on our own platform as more volume has come to Bitcoin and Ethereum as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: Could you please add more color on the driver of the retail fee rate? And I know, Alesia, you mentioned the 3 key points. So it's the sequential decline mainly driven by the mix shift towards stablecoin pair trade, which generates little-to-no fees. And how about the core fee trending for other pairs?
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Owen. Yes, thanks for the opportunity to clarify because I appreciate that this. This is an area of focus. So first, we made no changes, no material changes to our fee rate structure in the consumer app. So the blended average change that you see quarter-over-quarter is due to 2 key drivers. First is mix shift where we saw more stable pair trading. Second is we did not see as much revenue in Q3 from the nontrading transaction types. And so as those 2 drivers that led to change in the blended average fee quarter-over-quarter, but no underlying changes to the fees per product, mix and the nontrading revenue changes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan.
Ken Worthington: Okay. I want to focus on regulation in the election. So first, congratulations on the leadership position and the success you've had making crypto an issue for elections this year. In terms of the election, there's the expectation that a White House that is more friendly to crypto can have a more accommodative regulatory backdrop. From a top-down perspective, this makes sense that things will be better for Coinbase. I'd like to dig in a bit deeper on the bottoms-up perspective. Apart from the benefit of a less litigious SEC, what can Coinbase do in a more friendly regulatory environment in the U.S. that it's not doing now? And what's high on your priority list to jump start or expand with a friendlier U.S. regulatory environment? And then for Paul, the states have stepped up their oversight of Coinbase with staking being an example, does a more friendly federal regulatory environment diminish the roles that states currently have restricting Coinbase activity?
Paul Grewal: Thanks for the question. Ken, this is Paul Grewal. To start, let me just clarify what we’re not – what we’re looking for is not an accommodation. We’re really focused on clarity and ultimately, fair treatment rather than the regulation by enforcement that we’ve faced alongside so many of our industry that’s really stifling U.S. innovation. The good news is we think that either presidential candidate is absolutely going to be an improvement, an upgrade to the approach of the current administration and that in a new administration – with a new administration, you'll see a step towards an improved environment towards regulation. The clarity that we’re looking for at the federal level would absolutely unlock innovation across the financial system and critically, from our perspective, make sure that the industry is built in America, at least in large part. And beyond the federal impact, states as well are absolutely looking to federal regulators to determine the rules of the road. So there would be positive follow-on effects at the state level as well if we were to achieve that clarity with our federal regulators. The goal of all of this is, from our perspective, to make sure that we have consistency in the protections that are afforded to consumers across all states. It’s one of the reasons why we have supported the FIT 21 bill, which would allow us to not only come in and register as we’ve been encouraged to do but also to establish certainty of critical elements of our business and everything from side-by-side trading, protection under the auspices of spot market authority with the CFTC, a whole range of positive benefits would follow. And among other things, it would also give us clarity and provide authority for listing of assets as commodities as they decentralize. And again, because the states tend to take their cue from the federal regulators when it comes to how we test and how that applies to different assets, we do think that would improve the climate at the state level as well. Now just to turn a bit to what that clarity could mean for our products. And just to give a few examples. One, with respect to trading, we do think there’s a significant growth opportunity to serve a larger portion of the market if we were to achieve the clarity that we’re seeking through this legislation and rulemaking. And that would happen because traders of all types are just going to be much more confident and comfortable trading, and we do think that would ultimately drive increased revenue. You’d see listing of assets accelerate. And we also think that, over time, we would be able to activate our license to list tokens, which implicate the federal securities laws as well. So cryptosecurities could also come online. Stablecoins would also benefit. There’s no question that we would see benefits for payments at scale because, of course, significant players are looking for clarity before really plunging into that in the way that we think is entirely likely. Staking would benefit right now, as I’m sure you know, incremental staking is temporarily paused in a number of states, and we think we could bring that back. So there’s just a large opportunity, we think, to be a trusted partner and to provide support to an ecosystem that would grow. And that, of course, would attract and continue to attract strong support from banking and payment partners who are going to be much more likely and much better positioned to offer on-ramps and off-ramps to crypto. And that, of course, would lead to growth in e-commerce, apps that use crypto and all of that. One other category, we think it’s also quite significant here. We do think that the creator platforms, advertising, social networks, all would be interested integrating crypto. But right now, they’re waiting on the clarity. And so with clarity, we think there would be a major unlock.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Todaro with Needham & Company.
John Todaro: I guess I wanted to drill down into the stablecoin stuff a little bit more. So Tether volume on the platform increased to 15%. I believe USDC isn't broken out that same way. But just wondering, are we seeing a shift towards Tether away from USDC? Or is that a wrong way to be looking at that?
Alesia Haas: So what’s reported in our disclosures around Tether is just trading volume. And I would comment that we’ve had a couple of quarters where we’ve broken out, Tether, in terms of trading volume. I shared earlier that we made it easier to trade stable pairs on our platform. And so in part, you’re seeing that increase in stablecoin trading pairs reflected in overall Tether volumes. But no, we don’t believe that there is a shift. What we would share with you is USDC was the fastest-growing major stablecoin in Q3 and year-to-date. It’s reached new all-time highest post the financial crisis of Q1 2023. It hit $36 billion. We’re integrating it more deeply across our product family. And we think that we have a significant upside to continue to put forth a more trusted stablecoin into the market and gain consumer adoption here in the U.S. and around the world.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with Citizens JMP.
Devin Ryan: Just a question on expenses here as we approach 2025. Just great to get a little bit of a sense of spending plans, areas you expect to lean into? And just if there's any way to think about the relationship between expense growth relative to revenue growth. And I appreciate there will be some fixed expense and longer-term investment, but then you also have some variable items that you can kind of lean in or pull back on based on the environment.
Alesia Haas: Sure. So we’re not giving any outlook on 2025 today, but we are continuing to focus on our overall financial goal of exercising expense discipline. We’ll be prudent. Just like we did that. This year, we are selectively increasing headcount and putting resources towards areas where we see growth opportunities. We are flexing our muscles around variable spend to match marketing, consumer support against volumes that we see and to support our customers and areas. And so we’ll take the same approach in 2025. We’ll be disciplined. We’ll invest after growth opportunities, but in a very prudent way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Budish with Barclays.
Ben Budish: I wanted to ask another capital allocation question. We've seen another crypto company benefit from a market cap perspective from having Bitcoin on their balance sheet. Just curious, I understand there are different considerations considering you run an exchange. But what are your thoughts to sort of following that playbook as well? And how do you think about potentially doing that for Coinbase?
Alesia Haas: So we do hold crypto on our balance sheet. I mentioned in my comments against the Say question earlier that crypto represents about 25% of our net cash after we back out the debt. And so we do think about allocating excess capital or liquidity that we have to building a crypto portfolio. But we still need a lot of cash to support our business and the opportunities that we see ahead. So we are not a company that looks to be an investment company and hold just investment assets on our balance sheet. We are an operating company, but we do look to build more and more of our transaction activity in crypto as we grow over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Colonnese with H.C. Wainwright.
Mike Colonnese: For me, guys, when we look at your portfolio of products and services today, where do you believe there's a gap based on current and future market opportunities? And would you say you're more likely to build this set of products in-house to fill that void or really go out and acquire, especially given your strong balance sheet and liquidity position here? And then as a quick follow-up to that, do you think we could see an acceleration in crypto M&A activity once we get greater regulatory clarity here in the U.S.?
Emilie Choi: Yes. This is Emilie. Thanks for the question. We've actually been quite active on the M&A front, and I think we've had a pretty good track record here. In August, we closed the acquisition of a MiFID license, which will unlock derivatives in 20-plus EU markets. We're working to operationalize this now. In June, we brought on Station Labs team to accelerate smart wallet development. And historically, we've had great success with deals like Xapo for Custody, Tagomi for Prime brokerage, FairX for derivatives, ORDAM, they've given us all a nice position in the institutional market. You can expect we're basically looking at everything. We are selective. We're disciplined. We tend to succeed when we have a vision for something on our product road map and there's a great asset out there that can help us extend that lead. Currently, looking at everything, I think international is going to be a great opportunity for us to think about consolidating and enhancing our position outside of the U.S. Base, we are looking at great tech and talent that can help bring new capabilities and add to our momentum there. And then on the utility front, we're always looking at driving new use cases on the payments in stablecoin's front. So lots of opportunity on the M&A side.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. I would just say we do – internally, we often say we build, buy and invest. So meaning we’re going to grow and have innovation from wherever we can get it. We oftentimes try to build it in-house. There’s lots more that we’re doing on that front. If we see something take off that we think we can acquire that we haven’t built successfully internally, we’re open to that. And then – sometimes they aren’t willing to let us buy it, and we’ll invest as well. We have an amazing portfoli’ from the Coinbase Ventures side. So we’re going to keep doing all 3. And it’s always the – there’s some stat out there, right, about like 80% of M&A is not accretive. It’s – the easy thing is buying it. The hard part is successfully integrating it into the company. So it’s a little easier to do with smaller teams, tech and talent. But if you’re talking about big M&A, as Emilie said, we look at almost all of them, but it’s kind of like Warren Buffett, we’re only going to swing at a few pitches where we think we can really have accretive value. And that’s the hard part of M&A. It’s not just buying it. It’s the actual integration and making it work.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Vafi with Canaccord Genuity.
Joseph Vafi: Can you guys hear me okay?
Brian Armstrong: Yes.
Joseph Vafi: Just want to circle back on Base. And basically, you are clearly the most capitalized player in the Layer 2 space out there. Just wondering how you are looking at that kind of strategic positioning you have there where you can flex or invest more than others to continue to kind of drive that and kind of maybe become dominant here as we look forward into the crypto space here in the next couple of years.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. Well, it's an interesting question. So far, Base has been really successful just on its merits as a really great tool that builders find easy to get work done. And so there have been other Layer 2s in the past that I would say, tried to more aggressively share economics and even creating their own token and things like that. And I don't think it really -- you want people to be integrating it for the right reasons. And so I will say Base was and is built on top of the optimism stack. That's a really great team that we've enjoyed working with. And I think they've actually done a really good job of bringing in new partners to build on top of optimism, which are interoperable with Base, and I think Base can end up being really like a hub for many of these different partners out there. So we're not opposed to sharing economics or getting grants in certain situations to bring folks onto Base and there's certainly, lots of builders that have gotten small grants. But sometimes I feel like the large amounts of money that go out for these deals, if someone's really getting paid that much to integrate it. Like I question a little bit if it's the right motive for -- we want them to build on top of Base for the right reason. So hopefully, that gives you a sense.
Alesia Haas: Maybe I’ll just add on, if I could. I think one of the unique benefits of Coinbase is we’re bringing together our entire product suite. So we’re building a great product for developers, but then we’re making those developers have access to our retail platform and integrating it deeply into our products. And so we are trying to connect the whole ecosystem with Base, and we bring a lot of unique assets to that table when we’re connecting the ecosystem that we think creates a flywheel for developers to build on our platform and then participate in our entire product suite, which is unique compared to many others who are building Layer 2 solutions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bo Pei with U.S. Tiger Securities.
Bo Pei: I also have a follow-up on the retail take rate. Can you share the volume contribution from stablecoin specifically for retail trading volume? And is this mix shift to stablecoin structural? And is it still ongoing or basically from -- meaning the mix will be stable going forward?
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Bo. So what I want to share is like we see different mix every quarter. When people are trading stablecoins, they’re looking for ARPU opportunities throughout the ecosystem, so there’s no guarantee that the ARPU opportunities will exist every quarter. So I don’t think that this is a structural change to trading volume or the market, but it’s what we saw this quarter. We are not breaking out or quantifying specific volume. But what I’ll say is that if you exclude stablecoin impact, the mix of advanced volume was slightly higher in Q3 versus Q2. And so we did not have any change in market share, as I mentioned earlier, was relatively steady in our fiat to crypto trading volume, which is like the core of our revenue engine in here in the U.S. And so backing out stables, a little bit more on the advanced side, but the stablecoin impact was the most material contributor to that change in rate this quarter.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Mark McLaughlin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Mark McLaughlin: So you guys have made meaningful progress expanding your derivatives offering, both abroad and more recently, domestically. I was hoping to get a little bit more color around what additional steps you plan to take to help increase adoption and scale given the large TAM, but it's also a highly competitive market.
Brian Armstrong: Yes, sure. I can take that one. So in 2024, we did launch our derivatives platform, both internationally and here in the U.S., and it's been a great start, but there's definitely still a lot of work to do. So one of the next steps here is we obtained a MiFID license in Europe. This is going to allow us to unlock derivatives in 20 additional EU countries. That's an important step because, of course, we're doing this in a trusted compliant way, which is what we're known for. It takes longer to do it that way, but it's the right way to do it. It's the way that sustainable -- and it's -- by the way, it's what a lot of customers out there want. They want a trusted counterparty that's going to be around and it's compliant and meeting the standards and controls that they expect. So anyway, that's one of the steps around our MiFID license, just operationalizing that. We've also this year added quite a few more order books and even different asset types, other types of assets people want to trade in commodities like oil and gold. We added perpetual futures on our international exchange. That's something there's high demand for in the U.S., but there's -- we don't have a path from the regulator yet to launch that in the U.S. We've been continuing to improve unified margin access. This has been another big customer request where they're holding assets across spot and derivatives. They want to have a more unified look at what -- how they can get leverage and margin. Just to give you one stat, so Coinbase Financial Markets, which is our entity, regulated entity in the United States to trade futures, we've actually onboarded over 100,000 retail advanced traders now to that product. So that's been a really great crossover from our existing spot trading business, where these advanced users have onboarded to our futures trading entity there. Let's see. Yes. Well, there's a whole go-to-market strategy, I should talk about, too, I think, which is very interesting. So our referral program launched, which has been driving a lot of volume, where people who refer customers can actually get, I think, about 30% of their trading fee revenue. That's been pretty successful. We've been going to just meet a lot of the -- advanced trading in derivatives, it's really a whale-driven market. It's a power-law distribution of volume. And we've been going out to meet with the large traders out there at different events around the world and really just getting their feedback and understanding what they want to see in our product before they can move over. So I think this is going to be -- there's a lot of work to do still, but I think in 2025, it will be a really pivotal year where we'll really hit our stride. So yes, those are some of the things we've been working on recently. Really, our long-term competitive advantage here is that we are doing this in a trusted compliant, regulated way. And we're a U.S. entity, a public company, we're the trusted counterparty from custody point of view, that they really want to trade with. They all tell us they really want us to succeed. And as we get a couple of more of these features online, I think we'll see more and more derivatives volume going through our platform.
Anil Gupta: All right. Well, that does it for today. Thanks, everyone, for joining us, and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Krista and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coinbase Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Anil Gupta, Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Anil Gupta: Good afternoon and welcome to the Coinbase second quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me on today’s call are Brian Armstrong, Co-Founder and CEO; Emilie Choi, President and COO; Alesia Haas, CFO; and Paul Grewal, Chief Legal Officer. I hope you’ve all had the opportunity to read our shareholder letter, which was published on our Investor Relations website earlier today. Before we get started, I’d like to remind you that during today’s call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may vary materially from today’s statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause these results to differ is included in our SEC filings. Our discussion today will also include references to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in the shareholder letter on our Investor Relations website. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, GAAP measures. We are once again using the Say Technologies platform to enable our shareholders to ask questions, and in addition, we will take some live questions from our research analysts. And with that, I'll turn it over to Brian for opening comments.
Brian Armstrong: Thanks, Anil. I'm excited to share an update on our 2024 priorities. Let's start with driving regulatory clarity, given the significant progress here in Q2. First, advancing crypto legislation has emerged as a mainstream issue in Washington, D.C. standwithcrypto.org has amassed over 1.3 million crypto advocates globally, many in swing states. And these advocates are making their voices heard as an important voting block. Politicians on both sides of the aisle have taken notice and there is growing momentum to pass comprehensive crypto legislation potentially even this year. Beyond legislation, we saw major wins, both in the judicial and executive branches. The Supreme Court overturned the Chevron deference precedent in a case argued by our newest Board member, Paul Clement. This case is significant for Coinbase as it removes a long-standing precedent that court should defer to an agency's interpretation of ambiguous statutes. We see this case as a sign of Supreme Court skepticism to agency overage, which we view as a positive overall for our industry. In the executive branch, the SEC dropped multiple investigations against the industry and also formally approved the Ethereum ETFs, which began trading last week. We are also increasingly optimistic that the next administration, whether Democrat or Republican, will be constructive on crypto. The rhetoric has shifted. We continue to advance progress on crypto policy and capitalize on this momentum. We contributed an additional $25 million to Fairshake in Q2 to help elect pro crypto candidates. Since we went public, we have reiterated the need for regulatory clarity. Why does it matter? While clear rules would be a major unlock for innovation in our financial system and would ensure that this industry is built here in America, many entrepreneurs and companies that want to build in the crypto space are sitting on the sidelines or going overseas until there is this clarity, given the regulation by enforcement environment. 90% of institutional investors say regulatory clarity would boost their confidence in investing more in crypto. For these reasons, Coinbase will continue to push for clear rules in the courts, in Congress and in the November elections. While we're heavily invested in driving clarity in the US and abroad, the vast majority of our resources, time and attention as a company is focused on building great products. So let's talk about how we're driving utility. To bring 1 billion people on chain, crypto transactions need to be cheap and fast and it needs to be so easy to use that people don't even know they're using crypto. We're investing on the frontier to make crypto seamless for both consumers and developers. Most of the building blocks for utility like payments are now here. Layer 2 like Base enable 1 second, 1 cent global transactions and it's here today stablecoins, like USDC, enabled global transfer and settlement in dollar terms today and smart wallets offer seamless onboarding. So users no longer need to remember 12-word passphrases. In short, the components are coming together for us to see more and more global transaction flow on crypto rails. And I'm excited to report that we're now seeing almost $20 billion per week in USDC transaction volume on Base. We're also seeing start-ups build onchain versions of major Web 2 apps like Spotify, Instagram, YouTube and X. Building new versions of these applications onchain gives creators new ways to monetize and remix content while fully controlling their own data. This is the vision for the future of the Internet commonly called Web 3. Coinbase Developer Platform, or CDP, for short, is our developer product similar to what AWS did for the Internet, which we believe will help more Onchain apps be created by offering developers best-in-class pools. Last but not least, let's move to how we're driving revenue. Q2 was another strong quarter, and it was our sixth consecutive quarter of a positive adjusted EBITDA. Subscription and services revenue reached an all-time high with transaction revenue declining versus Q1. Coinbase is now an all-weather company with increasingly diversified revenue streams and I'm proud of our discipline managing expenses. In closing, Q2 was another great quarter across the board. Whether the market is up or down, we're driving the industry forward, building more predictable revenue streams and creating long-term shareholder value. Now, I'll pass it over to Alesia for a more detailed view of our Q2 financials.
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Brian. Our Q2 results reflect our continued revenue diversification and execution on our goal to generate positive adjusted EBITDA in all market conditions. Total revenue was $1.4 billion, our expenses were within the outlook ranges we provided last quarter, and adjusted EBITDA was $596 million. Further, we strengthened our balance sheet to $7.8 billion in USD resources. With that, let's dive into the Q2 details. Starting with transaction revenue. Total spot trading volume declined 28% quarter-over-quarter, driven primarily by lower crypto asset volatility. Our total transaction revenue was $781 million, I want to note to you that our transaction revenue benefited from growth in derivatives and coin-based wallet trading fees where we do not report trading volume associated with these 2 revenue streams. We were happy to turn on fees in coin-based wallet in Q2, following the favorable court ruling on wallet in our motion to dismiss. Our other transaction revenue was down 6% quarter-over-quarter. We were able to significantly reduce base fees in the quarter, which, as Brian mentioned, helped drive 300% quarter-over-quarter growth in the number of transactions on Base. Turning to subscription and services revenue. As I mentioned in my opening, we were pleased to further diversify our revenue in Q2 and subscription and services revenue grew 17% quarter-over-quarter to $599 million. We saw growth across the board, but it was primarily driven by stablecoin revenue and blockchain rewards revenue. We note in our letter that our blockchain rewards revenue benefited from a onetime $8 million validator reward. We are also pleased to see continued growth with Coinbase One. Moving to expenses. Our total operating expenses were $1.1 billion, which were up $229 million quarter-over-quarter. Three drivers contributed to this growth. First, a $117 million quarter-over-quarter change and our gain loss on operational crypto. We recorded a gain in Q1 and an expense in Q2 as crypto prices were lower in the second quarter as compared to the first. Second, we saw a $67 million quarter-over-quarter increase in our variable sales and marketing expenses, higher USDC reward payouts driven by driven by higher on-platform balances and higher performance marketing spend driven by attractive marketing conditions. Beginning in late Q1, we have seen more marketing opportunities that meet our investment criteria. We take a disciplined approach to balancing marketing investments with growth. We have clear guardrails in place to ensure the vast majority of our non-brand marketing spend pays back within one year. The third driver of the expense increase was a $26 million quarter-over-quarter increase in policy spend in support of driving regulatory clarity. All policy spend is now recorded in general and administrative expenses as we view them ongoing, and we have updated prior periods accordingly. Despite our sequential decline in revenue, our profitability was solid in the second quarter. Net income was $36 million and was impacted by a $319 million in pre-tax crypto asset losses associated with our investment portfolio. The vast majority of these were unrealized. These losses represented a $248 million after tax expense. Our adjusted EBITDA was $596 million, and our balance sheet remains strong as we ended the second quarter with $7.8 billion in USD resources, up $733 million quarter-over-quarter. Finally, a few call-outs on our outlook for the third quarter. First, our subscription and services outlook reflects some modest headwinds as we go into the third quarter. This is primarily due to the July Ethereum price declining about 3% as compared to the Q2 average. Our expectations of a September interest rate cut, some increases in expenses related to USDC as we work to drive global adoption of USDC as the most compliant stablecoin, and the onetime $8 million blockchain reward benefit I mentioned earlier. We are going to work hard to grow native units to try and offset these headwinds. However, our range has been updated to capture this market environment. Second, we plan to further grow our variable marketing spend in Q3. Variable marketing expenses can fluctuate widely quarter-to-quarter depending on factors like the on-platform USDC balance, the overall market conditions and the number of available marketing opportunities that meet our customer cost of acquisition targets. Our outlook range is wider than we provided historically, and it reflects the range of possibilities we see. Last, while we are expanding variable expenses to meet evolving market conditions, we also expect to prudently increase head count throughout the rest of the year, primarily to support our product and international expansion efforts and to strengthen our product foundations and quality. We remain focused on managing our fixed expenses closely and believe these investments will support continued revenue diversification and product quality. With that, let's go to questions.
A - Anil Gupta: Thanks, Alesia. So we'll take the first three questions that were the most voted upon from the Say platform, and then we'll take some live questions from the analysts. The first question is, how does Coinbase view the potential impact of Base's partnerships with companies such as Stripe and Shopify as well as the impact of the newly launched Smart wallet on increasing crypto adoption. Brian?
Brian Armstrong: Yeah. So our whole goal here is to try to shift crypto to power more and more utility and not just be an asset class that people buy and trade, hoping it will go up in value, although that's going to be a big business for us for a long time. But if we're ultimately going to achieve potential of this, we need to get 1 billion people or more on chain who can benefit from this update to the financial system to bring more economic freedom to the world. So to do that, there's some foundational building blocks. We need to make all crypto transactions fast and cheap ideally under one second and one cent to send transaction anywhere in the world. And we've now achieved that with Base. We also need to make crypto a lot easier to use to use to get 1 billion or more people. Not everyone in the world knows the technical details, nor should they have to know details of crypto. And so we're making a lot of efforts in that direction to make it easier. I mean one example of this is -- was mentioned in the question, our Smart Wallet launch. So this is -- it solves one of the biggest pain points in crypto previously, for -- to get onboarded to a self-custodial wallet required you to have a 12-word passphrase. People had to write this down or save it somewhere, sometimes they would lose it or not store securely. With Smart Wallets, people can now onboard just using, what are called, pass keys and typically, it's a biometric like a thumbprint on mobile device. And this doesn't -- there's nothing they have to remember. It's secure. It's fast, they're onboarded in a few seconds. So it's a great example of getting onboarding solved. Now if you take Base, Smart Wallets, USDC, which is a stablecoin that meets with the MECA compliance in Europe and is trusted, you start to see some of the building blocks coming together, where we can really start to drive that utility. And of course, partnering with some of the biggest companies out there to integrate crypto rails is a huge piece of that as well. So two of them were mentioned in the question. We're going to continue to try to partner with every fintech, every bank, every neobank, even more traditional companies to try to integrate crypto into every part of the global financial system. That's how we're really going to update the financial system, and we'll do more and more partnerships.
Anil Gupta: All right. Second question, which says, first of all, thank you for all the community support for things like Stand With Crypto. What else is being done to support better regulation in the industry and how can we, as shareholders, help? Brian?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. Well, first, thanks for the shout out on standwithcrypto.org. If anybody hasn't signed up there, I'd encourage you to do it. I invite your friends. It's an organization that we were proud to donate that's helping educate voters. And there's 52 million Americans, 400 million-ish people globally that have used Crypto. Now, it's important that in democracies around the world that we help folks get educated on different candidates and give them the tools to help support. So on standwithcrypto.org and specifically, you can call and e-mail your representatives, see how -- what their position, their voting record is on different crypto bills that have come up. You can donate procrypto candidates. You can also most importantly, probably just make sure you're registered to vote and get educated on those different candidates. Now Stand with Crypto is great, but it's just one pillar really of the different efforts going on in the industry. Of course, we're pursuing clarity on the rules in the courts. And we have our court case going on there, which we hope will create good case law. There's lots of other pieces to that in terms of getting fully requests answered shining a light on some of the activity that may have been happening there. Even we have oral arguments going forward in the third circuit to press the SEC on its on doing rule-making following the Administrative Procedures Act. So there's a variety of things going in the courts, which we think will help create good case law. In Congress, also we're seeing bipartisan legislation have a path forward. There's real energy now in the Senate, taking up the strong bipartisan, a majority that got passed in the house with the FIT21 bill. The Senate is now working on their own version of that. So we're optimistic to see more progress there. Yes. So these are all -- and of course, Fairshake is an organization that we were proud to donate to. It's helping elect pro crypto candidates. So these are all things that can contribute to the cause here. If any of you want to know what you can do more to help, I'd start with standwithcrypto.org and make sure you're signed up there and contact your representatives and registered to vote.
Anil Gupta: All right. And our final question from Say, what level of revenue are you projecting for custody in funds of the crypto ETFs? Can you break that down between Eth and Bitcoin? Additionally, what types of revenue are you projecting for the base chain? Alesia?
Alesia Haas: Thanks for that. So ETFs have been great for our industry. They have really generated a flywheel of activity across our product platform and deeper engagement across the ecosystem. It's unlocked new capital. We're benefiting in three ways. We get trading, we get custody and we get additional financing business in our prime financing product from our institutional clients with the ETFs. We're not breaking out total ETF financial impact at this time. Our view is that this is just adding to existing products and revenue streams that we have, and we don't speak about specific subproducts or client activity on our platform. But we're really pleased to see the overall interest that the ETFs have brought to the crypto industry and to our product. Additional types of revenue for the second part of the question that we're projecting for Base. Our focus, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, is driving developer activity, we're driving those transaction volumes that we commented on. We're doing this by driving down fees, increasing the scalability and creating a powerful developer platform that's enabling anybody to build these onchain products. We believe that this growth will then add users to develop products, we'll add developers and apps on Base. And that in turn will drive transaction volume and will drive down sequencer fees, and we will then see revenue as a result of those efforts.
Anil Gupta: Thank you. And so with that, Crysa, let's open up the line for our first question, please.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with Citizens JMP. Please go ahead.
Devin Ryan: Great. Thank you. Hi, Brian. Hi, Alesia I just want to ask a question about the derivatives platform and we're tracking just quarter-to-date, a continuation of building volumes there. And I know you're not breaking it out in revenues separately yet, but it sounded like it was a positive contributor in the second quarter. So I'd love to just get some perspective around how you think you're taking share in that market? I know it's coming off of a low base. What are you seeing with customers coming on platform? And then over time, are there opportunities to either take up the average spread per trade or drive other incremental revenues with the customers that are trading towards this. You're trying to think about kind of the bigger picture of where this may be going since it's trending positively. Thank you.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. So I'll start off and then maybe I'll hand over to you, Alesia on some of the margin questions. So just zooming out, derivatives is about 75% of all crypto trading activity by volume. And so it is the majority of trading volume. Now the take rates are lower on it, but it's really a key part of the market overall. And so I'm really glad that we are now in market, both the U.S. with Coinbase financial markets and then internationally with our international exchange as well So, primary goal at this point, building liquidity, adding users, growing share. We had some really good wins in Q2. In the U S., Coinbase advanced, we were able to expand to include more contracts there. We were the first platform to offer margin to crypto futures for a handful of different assets, for instance. We've also been adding -- actually for a Coinbase financial market, we've been adding some real-world assets as well, like gold and oil, commodities futures, which was pretty cool. We were able to operate that all under the same license. For Coinbase International Exchange, we also expanded our asset coverage quite a lot in Q2. We added 25 additional perpetual futures contracts. The volume has been really good today, actually, on Coinbase International Exchange. So you can check out at international.coinbase.com. So, we're just building on this momentum, building the features that our customers want and need. And then there's a MiFID license that we acquired earlier this year when we're expecting that to close in 2024. That will allow us to unlock derivatives in 20 or more EU markets. That's a pretty big deal. And so you can kind of just see Coinbase following this path of we're not always first-to-market, but we do it the do it the right way. We compliant way, the secure, trusted way. And so we're the trusted counterparty that many of these folks have been waiting for to enter the market. And I think that's going to pay off as a really good long-term strategy. Alesia, anything you want to add?
Alesia Haas: The only thing that I would add, as Brian said, it is early. And at this point in time, derivatives, while an important future growth driver, is not a material driver of our financial results. What I wanted to comment on in Q2, though is because we do report revenue associated with derivatives, but not volume. What you can see is that a beginning disconnect between the revenue and the volume that we report, which is spot. And so the growth rates of those two are the change, you need to understand that there is a disconnect between numerator and denominator when you may calculate blended average fees for our platform. That was the important message that I wanted to communicate in the quarter. As we grow, as really close these product gaps and expand to these countries where we can market, as Brian said, we're optimistic that this becomes a bigger component of our revenue in which we would break out more details and give you more transparency on the results in our future financial filings.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Worthington: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. So, Coinbase continues to promote USDC. To what extent is MiCA really a game changer in Europe for USDC? And to what extent would you expect to see a migration now out of, say, Tether into USDC, not just inside Europe, but maybe globally given the credibility USDC gets from this framework? And then if we think about the use cases for DC being sort of threefold, building digital asset trading, DeFi and dollarization where the Coinbase see the biggest potential to drive USDC adoption, both near-term and over time?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. Well, I'll start off and then pass it to Alesia here. So, the yes, the MiCA legislation is a really big deal in Europe. As far as we know, USDC is the first MiCA-compliant stablecoin. And so the exact implications of that and how the regulators will view other stablecoins in Europe, we don't know, but it's the first compliant one, and that's a very important step. So, we're bullish on this. I think that -- having just a trusted stablecoin is a huge deal, it's allowing people to actually use crypto rails for ordinary transactions, earning a living, paying for food, transportation, housing, and engaging in these new kinds of Web 3 and DeFi applications, having something that is not just a store value, but it's actually a medium of exchange is really powerful. So, I think it's a big deal. Alesia, anything you want to add?
Alesia Haas: I would just come back to like the building blocks that we're putting in place is setting a strong foundation for future growth and adoption. So as Brian said, we're getting the regulatory licenses that will enable us to scale globally. We now have a very transparent stablecoin. We have Base, which is offering fast, cheap transactions. We have Smart Wallet. And so all of these building blocks together really set a stage where we can grow off of a very important foundation. And we're seeing this impact on our financials already, where USDC has become the fastest-growing stablecoin, faster than other major competitors where market cap is up 30% year-to-date. Our average on platform balances increased 50% quarter-over-quarter. And we're starting to see, as Brian mentioned in his opening comments, over the recent weeks, $20 billion of transaction volume on USDC on Base. So the foundation is set, we're excited where this can go, but MiCA has been a critical unlock because as we think about growing USDC to be a global compliance stablecoin, we have a really strong foundation that we're now able to build from.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Benjamin Budish with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Budish: Hi. Good evening, and thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could give us an update on your balance sheet strategy. We noticed the cash build continues to really grow. And it seems like with the -- the business generating cash and spending really kind of ramped down from a few years ago, there may not be as much of a need for it. So any update there? And then kind of along the same lines, you've been generating now a lot of your gross profit from interest income. And just curious, if there's any thoughts around the hedging strategy should rates start to come down. What's your kind of philosophy there? Thank you.
Alesia Haas: Thanks for those questions. Yes, we're really pleased with the balance sheet strength. We are using cash, as we've mentioned in our prime financing business. A large amount of that cash was used to support the ETF launches in Q1 and Q2 with the Bitcoin ETF and now hopefully be a Ethereum ETF where you can see a lot of day-to-day or week-to-week volatility of those loan balances. We did grow prime financing fees within the quarter. And so you can see while the balance at the end the end of quarter was down versus of Q2. We saw growth intra-quarter for those balances. So using our cash to support our products is a primary use case for us. We also, as we shared when we did the convert raise in Q1 that we would be paying off the 2026 convert. So some of that cash is already pegged for a future payment the 2026 convert on the balance sheet, which will bring down the cash balance at that time. We also maintain a strong balance sheet, so we can be opportunistic as we look for other investment opportunities, both organic and inorganic across the world, and that is something that has been core to our strategy to do tuck-in acquisitions or growth acquisitions when those opportunities present themselves to us. And so we think of it as just building opportunistic capital for us to enable that we can be ready for all markets and opportunities that present themselves. And secondly, on the comment around interest income, we obviously did benefit from the interest rates with USDC over the past year. We are prepared, as I mentioned in my remarks, for rate declines. Our goal is to continue to grow native units around USDC and use cases to offset that, and we've also explored various hedging. We are not the issuer of USDC in managing the reserves on that balance. And so I can't speak to that strategy specifically.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Owen Lau: Good afternoon, and thank you for taking my question. Could you please talk about the recent retail engagement. And how does it compare to earlier this year and the last one back in 2021, how much of them have come back. And also, Mt. Gox has started the repayment in July. Do you see some of these creditors coming back and reenter this space? Thanks.
Alesia Haas: Owen, I'll start with that. So our retail engagement is different from the last bull run, because the last bull run, we really only had a trading product platform available to our retail customers. Today, we offer staking for customers. We have USDC Rewards. We have more products within wallet and our smart wallet that we just launched to engage users and a breadth of DeFi applications as well. And so we are seeing our retail engagement now expand in many different ways where we have different customers behaving in different ways on the platform than we saw in prior cycles. What we see is consistent is that retail traders specifically, who are coming on the platform to buy or sell crypto, behave very in line with prior volatility. And so volatility patterns near this cycle compared to prior cycles. But the deeper engagement is with the breadth of the portfolio that we now have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Colonnese with H.C. Wainwright. Please go ahead.
Mike Colonnese: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Can you provide an update on your strategy and potential product roadmap for Coinbase asset management and really how you guys are thinking about that in the context of an improving political environment in the upcoming elections? And how that can really influence both the timing and types of products you decide to roll out here? Thank you.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. I can start on that, and if anybody wants to jump in, feel free. So currently, Coinbase Asset Management has been a really good offering for our institutional customers who want to have different ways to -- different strategies really to access the crypto markets and package those up into really easy-to-use products. I think your question kind of alluded to the policy environment. And we don't know exactly what will happen over that the next year on that. But I do think we'd ultimately like to see a path where we could start to get index funds, retail products in the crypto space. that was going to require some -- a different policy environment where we can get some of those things approved. But personally, I'd love to see like a Coinbase 500, similar to the S&P 500, a market cap-weighted index that retail could participate in. I think these things be really beneficial. But it's too early at this moment. I don't see any path to do it in the near term. And so we're going keep pushing on that one over time with our policy efforts. .
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Vafi with Canaccord Genuity. Please go ahead.
Joseph Vafi: Hey everyone. thanks for taking my question this afternoon. Maybe this one is for Brian. If we do get some crypto legislation, clearly a positive for the industry and might be a green light for big five players to enter the space in a bigger way, how do you see that relative to Coinbase's position? Would you see big trade [ph] 5 guys as competitors or partners or maybe it's coopetition, just -- it might be a little early here, but it would be interesting to get you those views? Thanks a lot.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. Well, I think you're right that the lack of regulatory clarity is probably the biggest blocker for institutions to put more and more funds into crypto. We have a huge number of them as clients in Coinbase Prime, our institutional product. And when I meet with them, they'll often say, we've got 1% or 2% or 3% of their funds in some portfolio, holding in crypto. And I asked them, what would it take for it to be 10, 20, 30, and they all say regulatory clarity. . So, I think getting these new pools of capital unlocked, it would be certainly a huge step in that direction. And by the way, the ETFs have been a proportion of that unlock already, right? The Bitcoin ETFs and the Ethereum ETFs did get approved. We saw new pools of capital open up from that. But the regulatory clarity goes way beyond just new pools of capital coming in, that's great. But perhaps like the more even exciting part it is that today, you have to be pretty resilient to be a crypto entrepreneur. I mean most of these folks, if you're in your early 20s and got a couple of folks right out of college with a laptop and a dream they want to build a crypto company, you have to be pretty intense go into this market and you might get a Wells notice in the first few weeks, and you have to call your parents and tell them that you're being sued. So that's not most entrepreneurs idea of the first company they want to start. Now some -- many of them are still doing it anyway or they're just going overseas. But it's really hard to put a dollar figure on this, but if we actually have a welcoming environment where the rules are clear and everybody can just follow them, we could see a huge surge of innovation with all kinds of new applications being built. By the way, the biggest -- the partners that we talk to, some of the biggest tech companies in the world, when we talk to them about integrating crypto, they often will say the same thing. They'll say, well, let's try to wait for regulatory clarity. So for instance, with the MiCA regulation that passed the comprehensive crypto legislation in Europe that actually did open up a bunch of conversations in Europe, and they're all hoping that it happens in the US as well. So anyway, you can look backwards and say, no, where would we be if this clarity had been there 5 or 6 years ago. But I'm an optimist, I try not to look at the path, I to try to look at the future. So where will we be in 5 or 6 years if we get something passed in the US as well and clear rules are good for everyone.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pete Christiansen with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Pete Christiansen: Good evening. Thanks for the question here. Brian, I'm very intrigued by the comment on the increase in the on-chain initiatives, Fortune 500 or so forth. Super interesting. I was just wondering, if you can call out some discernible trends here. I know you mentioned Spotify, many-to-many kind of market. That's interesting. What about like B2B or B2C? And then, with some of these early adopters experimenting with Web 3 development, are you seeing these players experimenting at their core level? Or is it really at the application level? And finally, what's Coinbase's role, simply, in the development process of on-chain initiatives. If you could just help us crystallize that I think would be really helpful. Thank you.
Brian Armstrong: Yes, sure. So, a lot of the core pieces, I think, are there now with these Layer 2 solutions and smart wallets, like we talked about, coin-based wallet as a self custodial wallet can be an easy platform for these folks to interface with USDC, et cetera. So a lot of the core pieces, I think, are now there. E&S is another one, by the way, having the Ethereum name system. So having sort of these identities online that can accumulate reputation and -- these are all kind of core building blocks. So I think a lot of the innovators are now coming in at the application layer. And we're actually hosting a hackathon called Base Camp today in California, and we have hundreds of builders there learning about how to build on-chain, launching new applications. It's a really cool event that was just dialed in earlier this morning. These kinds of things are happening more and more frequently now. And you can think about a lot of the big applications in Web 2. Think about what would Airbnb or Uber or Wikipedia or some of the social apps like X or Instagram or music apps, right, like Spotify, like what would these look like in a Web3 world? And I think the people creating the content, whether you're the biggest artist in the world, or you're kind of an average person getting into it, they can actually own their own content, have a direct relationship with their fans, directly monetize their fan base, people can remix content. There's an attribution chain as people remix this, whether it's text, audio or video. There's an attribution of provenance that's formed on-chain to prove where these things came from and what were the derivatives of, which can – the monetization can flow through all of that. And then also, it kind of really rewards the early people who come in to build these networks, like an Airbnb or an Uber on-chain. So it's great. We're seeing a lot of innovators come in. And the way Coinbase can contribute to this, I mean one of the main ways is we're building a developer platform, right, called CDP, Coinbase Developer Platform. It's kind of like our version of AWS. We had a bunch of these tools internally, we were using to build our own apps, and we said, hey, we might as well expose them to third parties, allow third parties to build on top of them. Some of those are going to be Web3 start-ups building on-chain, some of them might be fintech companies or banks or financial service companies that want to integrate crypto into their products. Some of them might be shopping like kind of e-commerce checkout solutions that want to have crypto as an easy way to pay globally that has lower fees than paying 200 basis points for credit cards or having high decline rates, high charge-back rates. So we're seeing interest from merchants in those regards. So the answer to your question is, we don't really see it as competitive with these other firms, we see it as want crypto to be integrated into every part of the global economy. Every commerce solution, every payroll solution, every bank, every fintech, every neobank and every emerging market around the world, every cash pickup location. We want really crypto to be the rails that power the future of the global economy and because they're better rails. They're faster, they're cheaper, they're more permissionless, and that's what's going to increase global economic freedom if we can update the global financial system.
Alesia Haas: I couldn't have said any better, but I just want to say, Brian, like this is our belief and what we are now focused on is building the user experience. We are focused on fixing cost, fixing speed, security and user experience and that is what you see our building blocks coming together to enable this future that Brian has just painted for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Dolev with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Dan Dolev: Hey guys, hi, Brian. Hey, Alesia. Thanks for taking my question. So really good results, I wanted to know something about pricing. So it looks like consumer transaction take rates picked up 13 basis points. Maybe you can talk a little bit about the pricing environment and drivers of the uptick and sustainability of that? Thank you very much.
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the question. So as I noted in my opening comments, we have two revenue streams; derivatives and wallet fees. Those are revenues for us that hit consumer transaction revenue, but there's no associated spot trading volume in our reported spot trading volumetric. And so if you take the revenue divided by the trading volume, it's a little bit of apples and oranges. Spot trading is the vast majority of our revenue, but now we new growing revenue streams that are not yet material, but are now starting to influence that blended average fee rate if you do A divided by B. And so that's why we really wanted to call out that difference between the change in revenue versus the change in trading volume this quarter in my opening comments. So, we saw the same mix between simple and advanced trading this quarter that we did in Q1 and we didn’t have any material change into our fees this quarter as well. We continue to experiment, experimenting with our consumer fees is one of our key strategies to make sure that we continually understand the market and our customer behavior. But this quarter, it was really due to growth in new revenue streams that aren't reflected the trading volume.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Todaro with Needham. Please go ahead.
John Todaro: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Me and a lot of my peers were down at Bitcoin Nashville last week or so and Trump spoke, he spoke very positively on crypto. Given you guys have been close to kind of the political landscape this year, is there more bipartisan support for crypto behind the scenes than what we're seeing? Or would four more years of Democrat, would they continue to kind of similar to similar to the regulatory stance somewhere difficulty in the crypto environment?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. I can jump in. So the first thing I'd say is crypto is really nonpartisan. There are really strong champions on both sides of the aisle at this point and a few skeptics by the way, on both sides of the aisle, but it's predominantly, I'd say, supporters at this point. And as you noted, there's been a big rhetoric shift really from both sides. But you mentioned one that certainly got a lot of attention last week. I mean we just feel -- we feel like there's been a monumental shift. We feel very lucky that this political constituency is now being taken seriously in D.C. It's a massive voting block. I think it was a group of people that felt underserved in the past and they felt like their -- the industry and they were being attacked. And that's -- we've seen a shift from both sides. Now every voter has to, of course, make up their own mind. We want to make it easy for people to do that. There's various orgs we've contributed to, which try to make that easy like standwithcrypto.org. And it's not just about at the top of the ticket, by the way, it's every congressional seat and local election as well. So 1.3 million people have raised their hand and said they want to elect pro crypto candidates on Stand with Crypto. Almost all of those are -- many of those are in the US But we'd like -- I think it could be much bigger than that. 52 million have used crypto. And so if 1.3 million of them are active or a little bit less than that that's great. So I don't know what else to say besides that, I think we're feeling a lot of momentum. Let's just leave it at that.
Anil Gupta: All right. I think we have 1 more question in the queue.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Patrick Moley with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead..
Patrick Moley: Yes, good evening. Thanks for taking the question. Brian, in your prepared remarks, you said that you expected a little bit of a headcount increase in the back half of this year. I was hoping you could just elaborate on those comments and maybe help us understand how you're thinking about an appropriate headcount? And maybe just comment a little bit more on where you expect that growth to come from? Thanks.
Alesia Haas: I'll take this one to start. And Brian, maybe you could add on. So I did mention in my opening comments that we do plan to increase hiring through the back half of 2024. This growth is going to predominantly go to our consumer and our international platforms as well as shoring up our product foundations to enable us to scale with the growth that we anticipate in the long-term business. So we are being prudent in managing these fixed costs. We haven't given a specific number, but we are going to be very thoughtful about investing in key areas of growth that we continue to see and make sure that we can meet the moment of the market.
Anil Gupta: All right. Well, that does it for today. Thank you all for your questions, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Sarah, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coinbase First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call.
 [Operator Instructions]
 Anil Gupta, Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference. 
Anil Gupta: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Coinbase First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Joining me on today's call are Brian Armstrong, Co-Founder and CEO; Emilie Choi, President and COO; Alesia Haas, CFO; and Paul Grewal, Chief Legal Officer. I hope you've all had the opportunity to read our shareholder letter, which was published on our Investor Relations website earlier today.
 Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause these results to differ is included in our SEC filings. Our discussion today will also include references to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in the shareholder letter on our Investor Relations website.
 Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for GAAP measures. We are once again using the Say Technologies platform to enable our shareholders to ask questions, and in addition, we will take some live questions from our research analysts.
 With that, I'll turn it over to Brian for opening comments. 
Brian Armstrong: Thanks, Anil. Q1 was a very strong quarter. We generated more adjusted EBITDA than we did all of last year. Keeping our cost structure low while continuing to innovate is really paying off. To kick off today's call, I wanted to provide a progress update on the 2024 priorities that I shared on our Q4 call. As a refresher, they are first, driving revenue. We're doing this through improvements to our core simple trading experience; growth in stablecoins; winning in the derivatives space, both in the U.S. and abroad; and driving international growth by investing in key markets.
 Second, we're driving utility in crypto. We're doing this through Base, our low-cost Layer 2 solution and building a better payments experience on crypto rails. And third, we're driving regulatory clarity. We're doing this through the courts, through collaboration with policymakers around the world to pass sensible rules and most importantly, through activating the crypto voter base to elect procrypto candidates in this upcoming election.
 Let's start with driving revenue. In Q1, we capitalized on strong market conditions, and we saw many of our investments through this last downturn begin to pay off. Our institutional business continued to see meaningful growth in part driven by the excitement around Bitcoin ETFs, which drove new customer adoption across our product suite. Coinbase Prime reached all-time highs in trading volume and active clients and nearly 40% of our clients engaged with 3 or more products in Q1.
 Turning to derivatives. Both coin-based Financial Markets and Coinbase International Exchange have shown promising growth in their early stages. In Q1, Coinbase International Exchange added 15 new perpetual future listings. We've also increased the position limits across both products. USDC market cap increased over 30% year-to-date and is growing faster than major competitors. We see higher engagement from customers who hold USDC balances on our platform. So we've been investing in growing those platforms balances by unifying order books on advanced trading and offering competitive rewards. And while it's still early days, we're also seeing great traction with Coinbase One, our consumer subscription product, which surpassed 400,000 paid subscribers in Q1.
 Next, let's move on to utility. I'd like to spotlight our Layer 2 solution Base. As a reminder, Layer 2 solutions help blockchain scale, similar to when the Internet move from dial-up to broadband. And we believe this scaling will drive many new use cases in the crypto economy. Base has helped dramatically reduce transaction fees and confirmation times, getting us closer to our goal of having the average crypto transaction take less than 1 second and cost less than $0.01 anywhere in the world.
 Developer activity on Base increased eightfold in Q1. In the last 30 days, Base has processed over 2x as any transactions as the entire Ethereum network on Layer 1. Base is now the #1 Layer 2 solution by number of transactions processed, a huge accomplishment. We've made Base faster and cheaper to use with fee reduction by about 80% through protocol upgrades and our fees are now often below $0.01. We're also integrating USDC on Base across Coinbase products, creating nearly free instant global payments in a USD-denominated asset. This is a really, really big deal as we now have direct line of sight to update the global financial system by reducing the billions in payment fees paid by consumers and businesses each year.
 Finally, let's discuss regulatory clarity. Coinbase continues to invest heavily in driving clear rules and regulations around the world for crypto, and we're actively contributing to advancing procrypto candidates during this major election year. We're a large contributor to procrypto organizations like Fairshake, Super PAC, which already had a great impact in the market primaries in California, Texas and Alabama.
 We also continue to work with grassroots advocacy organizations like standwithcrypto.org, which now has over 400,000 crypto advocates who raised their hand indicating they want to elect procrypto candidates in November. We're also making steady progress in getting clarity through the courts in our litigation with the SEC. In Q1, the court ruled on our motion to dismiss, dismissing the SEC's claim regarding Coinbase wallet, which was a significant win for self-custodial wallets across the industry. This win provided clarity for us and developers to continue to drive our on-chain product growth, which we believe is an important element to fulfilling our mission of increasing economic freedom. The court denied the rest of the motion at this very early stage meaning the rest of our case is proceeding to discovery but we're fully prepared for an intensive discovery phase through the remainder of the year and remain confident in the strength of our legal arguments. 2024 is shaping up to be an important growth year for our industry and for our mission.  
 Now I'll pass it over to Alesia, who will provide detailed insights into our financials. 
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Brian, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'm going to cover 3 topics. First, comments on our Q1 financial performance; second, a review of the key transaction in an accounting change; and third, I'll touch on our Q2 outlook. You can find more details on all of these topics in our shareholder letter and our 10-Q.
 Let's start with Q1 financial performance. Q1 total revenue grew 72% quarter-over-quarter to $1.6 billion. We generated $1.2 billion in net income and adjusted EBITDA was $1 billion, as Brian said, more than we generated in all of 2023. We ended Q1 with a strong liquidity position, including $7.1 billion in USD resources and equally, if not more importantly, our customer safeguarded assets grew to $330 billion.
 We are proud to safely store over 12% of total crypto market cap on our platform. These results reflect our focused execution on product expansion, our ongoing operational discipline and strong crypto market conditions.
 Looking at transaction revenue. Transaction revenue grew 103% quarter-over-quarter to $1.1 billion. This is driven by higher crypto asset volatility as well as crypto asset prices, which both increased sharply in March. On the consumer side, trading volume growth was strong across both simple and advance, resulting in our consumer blended average fee being roughly flat quarter-over-quarter.
 We saw higher engagement from users acquired in 2023 and prior as well as new user growth. We also gained market share in spot trading on both the consumer and institutional trading platforms. Brian shared earlier in his opening comments that Coinbase Prime trading saw their all-time highs in the first quarter.
 I want to share that in the first quarter, we broke out Other transaction revenue, which consists of revenue from Base sequencer fees and payment-related revenue. These revenues were previously included in consumer transaction revenue. Our goal is to drive utility and experiment with payments, and this new revenue transparency helps provide investors insight into that addition. 
 Our subscription and services revenue grew 36% quarter-over-quarter to $511 million. This growth was driven by higher crypto asset prices and native unit growth. I'd like to call out that the price of Ethereum was 60% higher when comparing March 31 to December 31, and was a key driver of the blockchain rewards revenue growth.
 On the native unit front, we did see inflows into both custody and staking. USDC market cap grew 32% to close Q1 at over $32 billion. I'd also like to note that in Q1, we renamed interest income to interest and finance fee income, and we reclassified Prime financing fees to this line, which was previously recorded in other subscription and services revenue. On the expense side, total expenses increased 5% sequentially to $877 million, and as we shared on our last call, the primary driver of quarter-over-quarter expense increase was higher stock-based compensation.
 All right. Second topic. There are 2 items to note today. One, in the first quarter, we issued a convertible note. This was an opportunistic capital raise that raised $1.1 billion in net proceeds and added to our cash balance. We plan to use proceeds from that capital raise to repay our outstanding debt at or prior to maturity depending on market prices. Second update, notable accounting change. We early adopted accounting standard 2023-08. As a result, we now account for all crypto assets that we hold on our platform at fair value as compared to historically, where we accounted for these assets that cost less impairments.
 In Q1, since crypto asset prices were higher on March 31 as compared to December 31, we recorded $737 million in pretax crypto asset mark-to-market gains. The majority of this was unrealized at quarter end, i.e., we had not sold the assets and realized this gain. You can see that in 2 new financial statement line items. First, $86 million in gains on crypto assets held for operations net and operating expense, which pertains to crypto held and used in our operations; second, $650 million recorded in gains on crypto assets held for investments net, which is below the line and pertains to our long-term investment portfolio. We will be adding back gains or losses on the crypto investments to adjusted EBITDA as we do not consider those assets to be part of our day-to-day operations.
 Last, I'd like to touch on our outlook. We shared in the letter that April transaction revenue was over $300 million, and that we anticipate subscription and services revenue to be in the range of $525 million to $600 million. This assumes crypto asset prices stay in the range we have seen year-to-date 2024. On the expense side, we expect technology and development, and general and administrative expenses to increase sequentially to $660 million to $710 million. This increase is primarily driven by higher variable expenses, notably customer support and certain infrastructure expenses related to higher trading volumes. I want to point out that on the customer support side, expenses typically lag revenue growth and trading volume growth as it takes us time to ramp up the resources to meet higher volumes.
 Last item I'll note on the outlook. We are investing in additional sales and marketing expense and expect these to increase to $150 million to $180 million. The primary driver in this growth is USDC rewards due to USDC on-platform growth. We ended Q1 with $5.5 billion in USDC on-platform, nearly double compared to our Q4 ending balance. And therefore, the reward payouts on these incremental balances will increase in Q2. We are pleased to see this growth in USDC and our incentive programs driving the broader adoption of our platform products and services.
 With that, Anil, back to you for questions. 
Anil Gupta: Thanks. So let's turn to shareholder questions. We're taking the most up-voted questions as determined by the number of shares.
 Our first question is how profitable has the Base network been? And how will this drive value to shareholders? Alesia? 
Alesia Haas: Thanks. As Brian shared earlier in his comments, we're seeing some really encouraging traction on Base. And I just mentioned that we have a new revenue line item called Other transaction revenue, it's a combination of the Base sequencer fees and payment-related revenues. Quarter-over-quarter in Q1, the growth that we saw was primarily driven by growth in Base sequencer fees. It's early days, however, and our primary focus is on growing developer activity, driving adoption, driving those transactions that we noted earlier. I want to point out that Base has really strong unit economics. So as we grow transaction volume, which is the key growth metric we are focused on, we believe that Base can become a material contributor to our revenue and profits over the long term. 
Anil Gupta: So our second question is, have you done an analysis to determine the net revenue impact from the spot ETFs? Emilie? 
Emilie Choi: Sure. As Brian mentioned, the ETFs unlocked a flywheel of customer engagement across our Coinbase Prime product suite, and we were excited to see 40% of institutional clients engage with 3 or more products in Q1. We saw both direct and indirect revenue impacts from the ETFs. The direct impact is clear in our financials. We saw native unit inflows as the custodian for 8 of 11 issuers. This supported growth in our assets under custody of 69% quarter-over-quarter to $171 billion as well as growth in our custodial fee revenue of 64% quarter-over-quarter to $32 million.
 We also saw strong growth in Prime Finance revenue, which contributed to interest and finance fee income being up 36% quarter-over-quarter. On an indirect basis, in addition to Coinbase Prime reaching all-time highs in trading volume and number of active clients, we saw elevated trading activity across the board in Q1. We saw broad-based consumer growth in advanced and simple with consumer trading volume up 93% quarter-over-quarter, outperforming the U.S. spot market. We've long said that the ETFs would benefit the entire ecosystem and we're thrilled to see that play out on our platform. 
Anil Gupta: All right. And the final question we'll take from Say is, does Coinbase plan to offer any other products in the near term like banking or insurance products? Brian? 
Brian Armstrong: Yes. So we're not planning to build anything in the banking or insurance space at the moment. We feel like we have plenty to do in the crypto space, and we want to really focus on how crypto rails can be used to update the global financial system and make things faster, cheaper, more global. And things in crypto tend to have a 100% reserve ratio. You'd only need a banking license if you wanted to kind of do a fractional reserve or something like that, which we don't have any plans to do at the moment.
 We're also try not to preannounce anything on these calls. I kind of believe in, let's not announce vaporware, let's actually go build things. And if once they're live, we kind of announced them to everybody, including on these calls. But you can imagine that we're always looking at how we can provide more services for retail/insto and also on our developer platform. There's all kinds of things that crypto is really enabling at this point. And with Base coming online, there will be a lot of opportunities there. We're doing a lot of international expansion. We've got a whole on-chain economy to build. So good ideas can come from anywhere within Coinbase. Even bottoms up, we've had groups come pitch us on ideas and some of those have turned out to be the products that you see that are live today. So I suspect we will continue to do that and create a lot of innovative products over time. 
Anil Gupta: All right. Great. Well with that, Sarah, let's switch and take live questions from the analysts, please. 
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with Citizens JMP. 
Devin Ryan: Great. First question, just 1 follow-up here on Base. And I appreciate the growth there is not going to be linear. But as we think about the rollout of, I think, the smart wallets later this quarter, which I believe are on testnet now, it would seem that it represent a pretty material catalyst for both a step function of activity on Base and also USDC growth and adoption. So I'd love to just maybe get your expectations there just based on the interest you're seeing around integration with smart wallets and particularly as you're kind of thinking about taking a step deeper into connectivity with Web3? 
Brian Armstrong: Yes, sure. I can take that. So thanks for calling out the smart wallet, and that's been a really exciting innovative product that we're working on. And it's very early days, so we have to kind of caveat everything we say here. We don't know exactly what the impact will be. But one thing we've been always thinking about at Coinbase is how do we make these tools easier to use. And onboarding to crypto-wallet has been a really big challenge in the past. You have to sometimes there's a 12-word phrase and you have to save it in a safe spot or use some kind of chrome extension. And how do -- we always think about how do we get this to 1 billion people, so they can benefit from the technology. Those kind of onboarding experiences are a little bit too technical for probably that size of an audience.
 So with the smart wallet, we've been utilizing this kind of creation of the pass keys, which is an interesting technology in its own right. You may have seen it kind of if you've done a biometric, push your fingerprint in various scenarios and different kinds of apps, this is allowing us to onboard people into the crypto economy in a much faster, simpler and actually more secure way where they're less likely to lose funds.
 So we have a developer preview out right now. It's only on testnet. We've got an incredible developer interest in it. And that's a really exciting thing because all that leads to basically more applications getting built. And goes back to that analogy I mentioned where Base is, I think, kind of going to be like the Internet moving from dial-up to broadband. If we can build better developer tools, we'll get more applications, and that's how we eventually get it to 1 billion people. 
Devin Ryan: Okay. Terrific color. Just a follow-up, obviously, a big step-up in USDC resources from $5.5 billion to $7 billion. I know you benefited from the convert, as you guys mentioned, but also strong cash generation in the business. So if we think about just the level of growth you're seeing right now in all the areas that you're focusing on and the areas that need capital to grow and support their businesses versus ones that don't. I mean how are you thinking about kind of the capital needs, I guess, of the business now? And where does that leave you just with, what I would think it's just kind of building capital for capacity to do other things like more aggressive M&A or even potentially return capital to shareholders, just love an update there as well. 
Alesia Haas: Thank. I'll take this one. So we are plowing a fair amount of capital into our Prime financing business. We ended the quarter with just over $700 million in loans, which is the majority of them came from assets on our owned balance sheet, whether that was fiat, USDC. We have a new footnote that discloses a lot of detail around that lending portfolio. So that business is using liquidity. I wouldn't say that it's using a lot of our capital today but we are bridging that product as we grow and develop the 2-sided marketplace for institutional lending.
 We also use capital for international expansion as we set up new licensed legal entities around the world. But overall, I would say, we have a very capital-efficient business where we have positive unit economics in our products, and we don't require significant capital, either in the form of CapEx or balance sheet to support them. So our balance sheet is intended to be bridge capital for a lot of these bootstrapping the products as well as opportunistic so that we can pursue M&A.
 And I'll pass over to Emilie to share what we're looking at on that front. 
Emilie Choi: Sure. Well, we always look at a spectrum of buy, build, partner, invest activities. And so for example, sometimes we'll see really interesting opportunities that are kind of further out for us, that would be well suited for venture, whereas if we have something on the product road map that we think is incredibly important to the future of Coinbase, we're going to probably build or buy that. And we have done historically very well with M&A to bolster the product portfolio. You can think of things like Tagomi and Xapo, for example, that helps us build our institutional product platform.
 Right now, we happen to be shipping very well organically. We've got -- we launched in Canada, Brazil, Singapore, we have the international exchange. And so we're leaning a little bit more into our ventures arm but we're watching M&A opportunities all the time. We closed ORDAM in 2023, that's now Coinbase Asset Management. We are acquiring a MiFID license for the EU. We announced that in Q1, that should unlock derivatives in 20-plus EU markets. And we're just going to continue to use the strong balance sheet to drive growth where we see high-quality opportunities. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. 
Kenneth Worthington: So 1Q '24 total revenue up 72%. 1Q '24 total expenses up 5%, that's amazing operating leverage. And your 2Q guidance suggests some higher costs but still a very high level of profitability. How are you thinking about the right level of investment in the context of what is a good cryptocurrency environment but acknowledging they can't sort of turn on and turn off investments as quickly as revenue might move around? Is there sort of a logical margin range that in these better cryptocurrency conditions, you feel is right over a longer time frame, balancing the need for future growth and current profitability. 
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Ken, for your question. So I think it's important to note that our focus is on positive adjusted EBITDA. And our overarching goal is to generate positive adjusted EBITDA in all market conditions. You saw that in 2023, those adjusted EBITDA margins were in the 30%. Obviously, when we see strong crypto market conditions, we were able to deliver the Q1 performance that you see today in the 60% range. But the focus here is on learning the lessons from the past, and we learned in 2021 that we grew too quickly. So as we look at 2024, we are going to be making investments. We are planning to be prudent and modest to support the strong performance we've seen year-to-date and especially some of the early traction that we're seeing, for example, in Base, in USDC and some of these other products that are not as correlated with crypto market prices and volatility.
 For the outlook we provided for Q2, the majority of the increase, though, is coming from variable spends. As I noted in my comments, we see CX customer support and compliance operations typically lag trading volume. And so the spike that we saw in March, the expenses are really hitting in Q2. And then we also have some infra-related spend associated with scaling our infra to meet demand. So we are going to be prudent. We expect to see some modest headcount growth in Q2, but we plan to be able in strong marketing conditions to deliver to the bottom line. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Benjamin Budish with Barclays. 
Benjamin Budish: Maybe just a couple of sort of model-related questions. First, on the payment related revenues and the sequencer fees. On the payment side, could you talk a little bit more about what those are exactly? How should we think about modeling them? What are the key drivers? 
Alesia Haas: Sure. so it's a broad category for everything on the platform that is payments related. It includes instant withdrawal fees, debit card fees, commerce fees and some of the more venture-type products that we have in the portfolio that are payments related. So I would say that Base, as I mentioned earlier, has been the biggest contributor to growth quarter-over-quarter, and that is the largest of these revenue streams at this time but the payment related are the ones that I named. 
Benjamin Budish: Got it. Helpful. And then just on the institutional client engagement, you talked about, I think, 40% of institutions seeing engagement with 3-plus products. Can you talk about where that is? And is it sort of -- you've got a client who started with trading and they add Prime and borrowing and, they're doing stuff with ETFs, can you maybe unpack that a little bit? Anywhere you're seeing particularly strong traction in particular types of products? 
Alesia Haas: Sure, happy to. So I think it's really important to kind of zoom back and look at the last bull run, where our institutional offering in 2021 was really limited to like the custody platform. And over the last few years, we've built out a full Prime suite sleep. And -- so the Prime suite offers custody, trading to the Prime brokerage product. It offers financing now. We have staking. And so we're seeing customers engage across that product spectrum.
 I would say custody trading go hand-in-hand. And then you see depending on the type of client, whether they need financing business or whether they're in staking, tends to be a mix depending on the type of clients but we're seeing good adoption across each of those, which has led to the growth that you saw in the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. 
Kwun Sum Lau: Could you please add more color on your strategy for Lightning Network and payment? What is the traction on encouraging more merchants to use Lightning network? And what are the major pushback from them? 
Brian Armstrong: Yes, I can take that one. So as I mentioned in the opening remarks, one of our goals is to drive down the cost and the confirmation times of all payments in crypto, really all transactions in crypto, I should say. And Bitcoin is the largest network out there. And so Lightning was a big effort that we went on in partnership with Lightspark, by the way, to enable the Lightning Network on Coinbase. So -- this actually decreased the transaction times by over 99%. They essentially became instance on the Lightning network versus roughly a 10-minute block confirmation time on the Bitcoin Layer 1 and it also lowered fees, down about less than 0.01% from the previous fees. So this was a huge step toward getting to that sub-1-second $0.01.
 If we can do that across all the major chains and sort of make Layer 2 like Lightning Network a default within our apps and products, then I think the average transaction happening in crypto or at least on our products, will get under that 1 second, $0.01. And my excitement about that is that it allows us to really start to fulfill some of the long-term goals of crypto, which is how do we update the global financial system, how do we make it more fair and efficient and global? And really kind of reduce those payment fees, which are a shocking burden for a lot of consumers and businesses. I mean, it still boggles my mind that every time you swipe your credit card, the merchant is losing 2%. It's really just moving bits of data, kind of like sending a WhatsApp message, which is free. And so there's why does that still exist as a 2% tax on every transaction in the economy. I think we've seen in other technologies out there that as you reduce friction, you get more and more activity.
 And so I think it could lead to economic growth and all kinds of things, just lower fees that people are paying. So anyway, we're excited about having launched the Lightning integration with Lightspark. They were a great partner. And hopefully, we can do that across all the major chains that people are using. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kyle Voigt with KBW. 
Kyle Voigt: Maybe just going back to the institutional business, just on the trading side, the fee rate came in better than expected and has increased the last 2 quarters despite volumes growing significantly over that time. I guess what's been driving that? And then I'm also just wondering whether the strong market share on the ETF custody side and more broadly, the competitive positioning across the U.S. institutional crypto ecosystem has given you some pricing power in the institutional business more broadly, so not just on trading. And should we think about maybe pricing or fee capture to increase over the medium term in that institutional business because of that? 
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Kyle. So I want to start and just remind you that there's 2 products underneath the hood of the institutional transaction fee revenue. The first is the exchange where we have market makers trading directly on the exchange. And the second is our Coinbase Prime, which is the trading through the Prime brokerage platform. Fees on Coinbase Prime are higher than the fees on Exchange, largely due to the Exchange has been very high volume where our tiered pricing enables most of the clients participating in that to achieve very low fee levels.
 So when you see the fee go up, it's really driven by a mix shift and we're seeing more growth on Coinbase Prime than we saw on the Exchange. And as we grow Coinbase Prime, which I mentioned in my previous remarks or Brian did, that we saw all-time highs in engagement on Coinbase Prime, both in trading volume as well as number of active clients. And that is what drove that fee for the last 2 quarters. It's just continued engagement with the Coinbase Prime suite of products. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Vafi with Canaccord Genuity. 
Joseph Vafi: Nice results. Maybe we could just drill down into some of the user base metrics. Obviously, I'm sure you saw a lot more trading from existing users but just wondering how much perhaps new users contributed to the strong quarter. And then I have a quick follow-up. 
Alesia Haas: We haven't broken it out but we saw growth, yes, from existing users, users that were acquired prior to 2023 that we engaged this quarter. We saw new users, and we also saw higher trading volume per user. So both of these -- or all 3 of these metrics really contributed to the growth but we have not attributed and provided that level of detail. 
Joseph Vafi: Got it. And then just secondly, I mean, the ETFs got a ton of press attention in the quarter. And I think that perhaps maybe underlying bitcoin spot trading was kind of, I guess, not mentioned as much in the press. Just wondering if you've got a feel kind of where if perhaps there was like a multiplier effect in the ETFs driving more Bitcoin trading, obviously, it was other color you'd have there is kind of a guiding metric relative to ETF activity. 
Brian Armstrong: I can take it if you want. I mean, yes, look, I think the ETFs got a lot of attention. But what we're seeing is that when there's a tension on crypto in general, I think it creates energy and interest across all kinds of products in the industry. So we mentioned in the opening comments that this excitement around Bitcoin ETF actually drove new customer adoption across our product suite, and we saw all-time highs in trading volume and active clients, for instance, in our institutional business. So I think it's a rising tide that lifts all boats. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bo Pei with U.S. Tiger Securities. 
Bo Pei: Congrats on the strong results. I have 2 questions, if I may. So what is your view on the recent Wells notice received by Uniswap Labs. Do you think this will potentially impact the U.S. crypto industry and ultimately make crypto less accessible to U.S. users. And second question also on regulatory front. It seems that the USDC wants to classify Ether as a security. If Ether is classified as a security in the U.S., how does that impact Coinbase trading service and staking business. Does that mean Coinbase had to stop offering trading for Ether and other crypto currencies classified as securities. 
Paul Grewal: This is Paul Grewal. I'm happy to address each of those questions. On the Uniswap-Wells notice, I think it's noteworthy that Uniswap responded publicly, transparently and made very clear their view that none of the claims that have been suggested or present to them have any merit whatsoever. I do think that is reflective of an emerging trend not just in this industry but more generally, companies taking their disagreements with the SEC publicly, always in a respectful tone, always in a constructive manner, but sharing with the wider public and certainly the wider market, why they believe their products and services are consistent with federal securities laws and why they ultimately will prevail any action that the SEC may bring. 
 As for the Eth issue that has been presented in the consensus declaratory judgment action that was recently filed. What I think consensus has done in that particular case is, again, in a very transparent, productive, constructive manner, lay bare initiated has been somewhat confused if you look at SEC statements and positions of the commission over the last several years. The SEC has made very clear in the past that it is not a security. In fact, not only was that the position of senior officials at the SEC, the current chair of the SEC said that same exact thing prior to his appointment in the years that followed.
 So we're fully supportive of both Uniswap and consensus in their view. The court process, of course, will have to play out but we're confident that as Brian has always emphasized, one way or the other through these court processes we are going to get clarity for the market and certainly for Coinbase but unfortunately, the SEC has not been willing to provide in its own right. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Colonnese with H.C. W. 
Michael Colonnese: Really great quarter here. So my question is around USDC. So the market cap has grown by over $8 billion since the start of the year. What do you consider the primary drivers supporting this rebound? And how are you thinking about growth over the coming quarters? And then as a quick follow-up to that, I saw that you mentioned in your shareholder letter that you've seen a step change from legislators in recent months. So I know these things are difficult to time. But when can we reasonably expect to see stablecoin legislation passed in the U.S.? And what would be the potential impacts for your USDC. 
Alesia Haas: Why don't I take the first part and then Paul, I'll hand it over to you for the second part. So we're really pleased to see the broader USDC growth. As we mentioned, we saw USDC growth on our own platform where our own on-platform balance nearly doubled in the quarter, and we also saw growth in the overall ecosystem. I think there's been recognition that USDC is a highly trusted transparent stablecoin by many market participants, and that has been leading to broader adoption, largely through efforts of ourselves and other market participants. So we'll continue to offer incentives. We'll continue to work with the global ecosystem and make it an adopted product.
 And Paul, maybe you can offer comments on legislation. 
Paul Grewal: Sure. On the legislation front. Look, we're pleased and encouraged that Congress is paying attention to this important issue, and there are now a number of proposals for legislation that are working their way through the Congress. While certain proposals, I think, could and ultimately will be improved, the fact that we're seeing Congress engage, I think, is the important thing. Coinbase has been pushing for sensible legislation as to stablecoins for some time. We think it is an important complement of or 2 regulation that we've been pushing for before the SEC and elsewhere. 
 So regardless of sort of when we -- when any such legislation might pass, it's always difficult to predict how quickly Congress can be able to engage and muster the necessary support in order to move this from mere legislation is proposed to legislation that's enacted. We're encouraged by the fact that it does seem to be a priority, and we do expect to see legislation ultimately enacted that will [ prime ] standards for transparency, standards for reserves and other important requirements around stablecoins, so we think we'll continue to make the U.S. an attractive market. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Todaro with Needham & Company. 
John Todaro: Congrats on the quarter of good results here. I guess I have 2 here. One, on the $300 million outlook for the April transaction revenue, does that include the other transaction revenue base? And if so, how much is that? And then second, management has talked a lot about managing through the cycle here. I know you guys spent a lot of time thinking about that. So just kind of curious your thoughts on maybe where we are in the crypto cycle or any kind of thoughts you put around that? 
Alesia Haas: So I'll answer the first part. The answer is yes, $300 million is the April total transaction revenue, which includes both consumer, institutional and other. And we haven't broken out the detail at this time to share with you. With regards to where we are in the cycle, it's one of our favorite questions, Brian, do you want to take the first shot at that? 
Brian Armstrong: Yes, sure. So look, I'll leave the predictions to you all investors out there. We just mostly want to focus on building great products and tools and everything like that. But I can share just a few thoughts with you from past cycles and things that we've observed. So the crypto market cap is up about 60% in Q1, and the volatility, though, is still below 2021 levels. So a couple of things have happened. Obviously, we had the ETFs in Bitcoin, there's a possibility for other ETFs like an Ethereum and things like that down the road in the future. We had the Bitcoin having as well, which kind of reduces the amount of supply being introduced into the market, every block really that's mined in Bitcoin. And so if you have the same amount of inflows but half as much supply being generated every day, then you can imagine what that does. And so people anticipated that and people speculate around those. 
 But an interesting way to look at it is kind of in past cycles, what happens post halvings. And historically, it's taken about 12 to 18 months for Bitcoin to peak after halvings. So who knows if that will happen again, but it's just an interesting data point. Yes. So those are all kind of the things that we think about. And I actually think Layer 2 is probably the biggest piece that's coming down the pipe next. We talked about Base getting those transaction fees under 1 second and $0.01. And just -- not only is it really interesting for Global Payments, but it's interesting for lots of different applications that can be built on blockchains. 
 In past cycles, people started building things like DeFi and NFTs, these are things which you might periodically do a transaction and it's okay -- you're okay paying kind of a higher fee for that because how often are you going to do a trade or a purchase and maybe the fee is about $10, $25 or whatever. For other types of applications, like if you want to make a decentralized social network and every upvote or like button is happening on-chain or you're in some sort of a game or like something that's more of a daily, hourly, by the minute use case, the cost and confirmation times have to come way down, and that's what we're seeing now with Layer 2. So that's really hard to predict exactly what's going to happen but I think it's pretty exciting. 
Operator: We have 1 more question in the queue. It comes from the line of Pete Christiansen with Citi. 
Peter Christiansen: Congrats on the great results here. I am curious, so press reports are indicating potentially that Lummis, Gillibrand could hit before at some point next week. And part of that, bill, as you lucky probably know, is the dual banking system today and whether or not states can issue their own stablecoins independently of the government -- federal government. I'm just curious how you see state issued stablecoins kind of playing in the market. Is that potentially an opportunity for Coinbase? I'm just curious your thoughts around that dynamic. 
Paul Grewal: I'm happy to take that one. I think the point that you're raising around the role of state governments, in particular, state chartered institutions in supporting the crypto ecosystem in a particular stablecoin is an important one. Whether that ultimately comes to pass in any final legislation that's enacted remains to be seen. But we do think it's very important that states continue to have an important role in supporting stablecoins and supporting crypto more generally. We do think the dual system serves consumer and investor interest reasonably well. And we're hopeful and confident that in any legislation that's finally passed, that will continue to be recognized. 
Anil Gupta: All right. Well, that does it for today. Thank you all for your questions, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. 
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-15 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Sarah, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coinbase Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2023 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Anil Gupta, Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Anil Gupta: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Coinbase fourth quarter and full-year 2023 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Brian Armstrong, Co-Founder and CEO; Emilie Choi, President and COO; Alesia Haas, CFO; and Paul Grewal, Chief Legal Officer. I hope you've all had the opportunity to read our shareholder letter, which was published on our Investor Relations website earlier today. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause these results to differ is included in our SEC filings. Our discussion today will also include references to certain non-GAAP financial metrics. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in the shareholder letter on our Investor Relations website. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for GAAP measures. We are once again using Say Technologies to enable our shareholders to ask questions. In addition, we will take some live questions from our research analysts. And with that, I'll turn it over to Brian for opening comments.
Brian Armstrong: Thanks, Anil. I'm proud to say that in 2023, we cut costs by 45% year-over-year and managed to ship product faster with a lean team. This led to $95 million of positive net income for 2023, $964 million in positive adjusted EBITDA and total revenue of $3.1 billion. Coinbase has always taken a long-term approach focusing on building in a compliant manner even when it wasn't the popular choice. Many of our competitors cut corners and broke laws to get big fast, and we've seen how that strategy played out. By contrast, Coinbase has now established itself as the trusted leader in crypto. I've always said that crypto adoption will happen in three phases, and I want to touch on what we did in 2023 to help drive each of those. In Phase one, crypto is a new asset class that people want to trade. Crypto trading has been a major revenue driver for the industry, and Coinbase is the leader in spot trading in the U.S. But in 2018, derivatives trading became the majority of crypto trading volume. It took us longer to do it in a compliant way, but I'm happy to report that in 2023, we have now launched derivatives trading globally. In Q2, we launched Coinbase International Exchange, which offers derivatives trading to non-U.S. customers. And in Q4, we launched Coinbase Financial Markets, which offers regulated futures trading in the U.S. We also expanded our trading products around the world by getting new licenses. In 2023, we launched operations or received licenses or registrations in Bermuda, Brazil, Canada, France, Singapore and Spain. Most of the world's capital is held in institutions. And in 2023, we also meaningfully improved our institutional trading products with Coinbase Prime. We grew our institutional financing products. We launched Coinbase Asset Management. We even played a key role in the approval of the Bitcoin ETFs as Coinbase was selected as the custodian in eight of 11. This will unlock new pools of capital to flow into the crypto space with Coinbase playing a key role here. We are earning revenue, not just on custody, but also on trading and financing. We've already seen great demand as Bitcoin is now the second largest ETF commodity in the U.S., surpassing silver. All of these improvements will continue to grow phase one, crypto as a new asset class. The second, Coinbase is not just a new asset class, it's also powering new financial services. And in 2023, Stablecoin began to be used in Global Payments. We launched the ability to send free instant global payments on USD Coin using base. We are now in the process of integrating this into our products to make payments of first-class experience. And in August, we entered into an arrangement with Circle to help expand the utility of USD Coin, which is now launched on over a dozen blockchains and is the second largest Stablecoin with the market cap of $28 billion. In the third phase and final phase, we believe crypto will also be a new application platform for the Internet. Over time, the Internet has become more and more centralized with big companies. The Internet also didn't start with a native form of money or payments or value built in. So we got credit cards bolted on as an afterthought. And the number of associated issues like fees, fraud, chargebacks, limited ability to send microtransactions or do cross-border commerce and that led to the rise of ad-based business models. Crypto is redecentralizing the Internet with a new set of protocols for money, identity, messaging, social media, content, governance and even voting. And Coinbase is trying to help accelerate this trend in a number of ways. In 2023, we launched our own Layer 2 solution called Base. This will help blockchain scale to 1 billion or more users, bringing down transaction costs and confirmation times similar to the Internet going from dial-up to broadband. We also launched improvements in Coinbase wallet. For instance, we made it easier to find and use decentralized applications or DAPP. For instance, with one tap, you can now open and adapt and you are already signed in and you have your wallet connected. There is no sign-up process for each app or having to type your credit card details into each app. It's still early days for crypto as an application platform and many of the early applications look like toys, but it has captured the imagination in hearts of developers, and Coinbase is one of the few companies who can bring together all the decentralized protocols into a compelling customer experience, which is what we are attempting to do with Coinbase Wallet. So that's how we see crypto evolving. First, as a new asset class, second as a new set of financial services; and third as a new application platform. In 2023, I also said regulatory clarity was a top priority, and I want to give you a quick update on this. The majority of G20 countries now have crypto legislation either already passed or being drafted. And this is really great progress. In the U.S., there are even two bills going through Congress now with strong bipartisan support. Coinbase, along with other players in the crypto space, contributed to an $85 million Super PAC designed to elect pro-crypto candidates in this upcoming U.S. election. And we help create stand with crypto.org, a grassroots movement for crypto advocates in the U.S. Their goal is to get to 1 million voters who want to stand for crypto in the 2024 elections. They are at 30% of that goal today with about 300,000 members and it's growing every week. In the U.S., we are still working our way through the court system to get clarity there. But in the meantime, we are continuing to grow our business. Anecdotally, it's something our customers come up and thank me for the most, leading the charge to get regulatory clarity in the U.S. We remain confident the U.S. will get this right, whether it comes from the courts, creating new case law, Congress passing new legislation or ultimately the 52 million Americans who've used crypto voting in this upcoming election. Looking ahead to 2024 for a moment, I'd like to share a few of our top priorities for the year in closing. Our first priority will be to drive revenue, especially growing our two largest revenue streams, trading fees and Stablecoins. We'll do this with international expansion, growing derivatives and spot trading and more deeply integrating USD Coin into the crypto economy. By continuing to drive revenue growth, it allows us to fund some of our other priorities and the utility aspects of crypto. Our second priority is going to be to keep driving utility in crypto. This year, we'll be experimenting with payments as a use case. We are starting to see adoption of USD Stablecoins in emerging markets, especially those with high inflation and customers can now send USD Coin for free instantly anywhere in the world on Base. This has the potential to make global payments much lower friction, reducing fees. We will also keep supporting developers building on Base. For instance, just recently, we've seen a surge of activity on the decentralized social media protocol, Farcaster, and the majority of developers are now building what are called Frames on Farcaster using Base. We will also be investing in Coinbase Wallet, our self custodial app, where many of the early utility applications like decentralized social, identity or messaging are starting to take shape. Crypto still needs to have its iPhone moment where these decentralized protocols become easy to use for the average person, and we are hoping we can help make that happen. Lastly, we will continue to drive regulatory clarity for the industry. We are supporting stand with crypto.org and its goal to activate 1 million advocates for crypto in this upcoming election and we'll continue to engage with Congress to work towards new crypto legislation in the U.S. Finally, we'll continue to fight in the court room to get sensible case law passed. I'm very pleased with our financial position, operating efficiency and the competitive landscape, and I think we are incredibly well positioned for long-term growth. With that, I'll hand it over to Alesia.
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Brian, and good afternoon, everyone. In 2023, we focus on financial discipline and operational excellence. As a result, we are in a much stronger position today than we were one year ago. I want to share some highlights. So highlights from 2023 include significant growth in our subscription and services revenue through a down market, materially lower expenses, a return to profitability, a stronger balance sheet, we have more U.S. dollar resources and less debt as we enter 2024, and we did this all while accelerating our product velocity. Let's dive deeper and start in the details of full-year 2023. We generated $95 million of net income and nearly $1 billion in adjusted EBITDA. Our total revenue was $3.1 billion, down $86 million year-over-year. We saw a decline in transaction revenue, but this was largely offset by a 78% increase in subscription and services revenue. Our full-year total operating expense declined $2.6 billion. Within this, sales and marketing, technology and development and general and administrative expenses declined $1.7 billion on a year-over-year basis. Turning to our Q4 results. All the comparisons I'm going to share on a quarter-over-quarter basis, unless I otherwise noted. Q4 began with lower levels of crypto prices and volatility, but we saw those increase by roughly 40% and 60%, respectively, by the end of the quarter. These increases were largely driven by excitement around Bitcoin ETF approvals and broader market expectations for an improved macroeconomic condition in 2024. The increase in volatility had a meaningful impact on our transaction revenue. We saw strong growth and reengagement from both simple and advanced traders. Notably, average trading volumes materially increased amongst our advanced traders. This resulted in Q4 transaction revenue of $529 million, up 83%. Both volatility and the mix of advanced and simple trading volume was similar to Q1 of 2023. And as a result, our Q4 blended average fee rate was similar to the Q1 levels. As a reminder, we continue to experiment with our pricing models for both consumer and institutional and price changes may impact future quarters. However, to be clear, we did not make any material change to our fee structure in Q4. And the blended average fee rate that you see reported is simply due to mix shift on our platform. Now turning to subscription and services revenue. Q4 was $375 million, up 12%. The primary driver of the growth was blockchain rewards, which was influenced by higher crypto asset prices. In the fourth quarter, we experienced another quarter of native unit growth. We saw inflows in custody and increase in staked balances. We saw growth in USDC on our platform. We closed the year with just under $200 billion of assets on platform. On to expenses. Q4 total operating expenses were $838 million, up 11%. Expenses were primarily driven by seasonal and performance marketing spend, increased legal spend and our decision to increase bonuses in 2023 as a result of our strong full-year financial performance. Q4 net income was $273 million, and adjusted EBITDA was $305 million. Q4 net income benefited from strong revenue growth and two items. First, we released a non-cash tax valuation allowance of $121 million. Second, we repurchased $100 million of our 2026 convertible debt, which had a favorable P&L impact of $18 million. Now turning to our outlook for the first quarter of 2024. Overall, Q1 is off to a strong start. Through February 13, transaction revenue was approximately $320 million. This is about six weeks of the 12-week quarter. We are seeing strong trends across simple, advanced and institutional trading. Thematically, it looks similar to Q4. We expect Q1 subscription and services revenue to range between $410 million and $480 million, with crypto prices being the largest driver of where we perform within that range. In terms of expenses, we expect technology and development and general and administrative expense to grow modestly to $600 million to $650 million, driven primarily by higher stock-based compensation. We provide additional context in the letter. We expect sales and marketing expense to decline modestly to $85 million to $100 million, driven by seasonally lower NBA spend. In closing, Q4 capped a strong year to our business, and we are excited for what 2024 brings. Before we turn to questions, I'd like to hand it over to our Chief Legal Officer, Paul Grewal, to share an update on the status of our SEC case.
Paul Grewal: Thank you, Alesia. As Brian mentioned at the outset, regulatory clarity is one of our top priorities in one venue through which we are seeking that clarity is through the courts. We continue to see progress in the early stages of our enforcement litigation with the SEC. Just last month, on January 17, the judge in our case held oral argument on our motion for judgment against the SEC. This is still a very early stage of the case. It's always very hard for defendants to entirely dismiss any case at this stage, something that court statistics make clear. But we strongly believe that we are right as a matter of law, and we were grateful to see the court's careful attention to this matter and deep understanding of the issues at the oral argument. So what is next? The motion is under submission and the court did not specify any time line for decision. There are multiple potential outcomes, but we are ready for any of them. The court could dismiss the complaint in its entirety, dismiss some of the claims, but not others or dismiss none of the claims at this early stage. Any claim that is not dismissed will then be the subject of discovery, which is a process that can take time. We are ready for discovery, if that is the next step, which would include discovery for both sides. After discovery and before trial, we'll have the opportunity to file a motion for summary judgment, which is similar to our pending motion in that it can end the case before trial. That is the type of motion that disposed of much of the ripple case. Whether the case goes to trial or is dismissed, we will get the clarity we have long sought. We are confident in the outcome, whether it comes later or it comes sooner because we are right on the facts and right on the wall.
A - Anil Gupta: Thank you all. With that, let's turn to shareholder questions. We are taking the most upvoted questions as determined by the number of shares. The first question, why do insiders continue to sell their shares daily? Alesia?
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the opportunity to share some context around this topic. First, all of our insiders, myself, Brian, Emilie, Paul, those on the phone and all of our insiders, we all have shared long-term conviction in Coinbase. Second point I want to make. Equity is a significant component of the compensation that we offered insiders and employees alike. We believe this most closely aligns our incentives to business performance and the interest of our stockholders. Third, it's important to note that these sales account for a small portion of insiders total holdings in Coinbase. Last, executives and the Board can only trade via trading plans that are governed by SEC rules. And we maintain corporate policies governing these plans that are commonplace amongst public companies. Nobody is trading based on real-time stock price movements, company news. All of our trading plans are required to be set up well in advance. Further, they're disclosed in our public financial filings, and they allow insiders the ability to sell at a predetermined number of shares at a predetermined time or price. Our stock was up nearly 400% in 2023. And as a result, some of those thresholds were met and sales were executed. But I just want to close, we are all holding long-term conviction in the opportunities at Coinbase.
Anil Gupta: Let's go to our next question. What is the plan to expand revenue drivers outside of the ETF custodian plans? The market shifts quickly and Coinbase needs to be nimble both within the U.S. and abroad. We've seen your shift into the European markets. How will this evolve going forward? Brian?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. So I'll focus on the ETF question since there's been a lot of buzz around it. And we've always said that ETFs would be a win-win for Coinbase, and we're starting to see that play out on our platform. So in preparation for this launch, we won eight of 11 Spot Bitcoin custody mandates from issuers. And today, Coinbase custody is about 90% of the 36 billion in Bitcoin ETF assets as a result. So across the entire industry, we've seen over $4 billion of net inflows into Spot Bitcoin ETFs. The Bitcoin ETFs are breaking records. And when gold launched in November 2004, it took one year to get to $3 billion. These ETFs did that in a few weeks. And so this is a really an incredible start. This is really just the beginning. We're now starting to see some of these issuers file for Ethereum ETFs, for example. We've been named as the custodian in five of the eight ETH ETF applications. And custody isn't really the only way that we're monetizing this. We're also helping with trading via Prime. We're helping with financing for trade settlement. So there's other opportunities to generate revenue here. For anybody worried about cannibalization, ETFs have been positive for the industry, which has been additive for Coinbase. We're seeing elevated engagement and net inflows across both retail and institutional Q1 to date. What's even more important is that every institution is now starting to hold crypto, the asset class will be a standard part of every diversified portfolio. The financial system is officially adopting crypto. This is really good, and Coinbase is the most trusted partner here.
Anil Gupta: Our next question. Coinbase's venture portfolio is a hidden gem that Wall Street doesn't seem to be taking into consideration in their valuation of Coinbase as a company. During the earnings call and potentially in your materials, can you highlight this portfolio and its long-term opportunity? Emilie?
Emilie Choi: Yes. Well, I definitely agree, it's an undervalued long-term opportunity, and I think we have a strong disproportionate advantage in the market. By the way, I should mention that the value of our portfolio is held on our balance sheet at cost is not reported at fair value. So we booted up ventures six years ago when I first joined and one of the things that Brian and I talked about was what is in the early days of companies such as Google and Facebook and others. Those companies have been able to make investments in the most exciting emerging Internet companies at the time like a Stripe or a Shopify. So that is what we view our opportunity in the crypto ecosystem. We started it very scrappily with no dedicated team or resources. We just started investing in great startups, and we are now one of the most active investors in the space with more than 400 investments in our portfolio. I view our competitive advantages as having great relationships with Coinbase [alumns] and the ecosystem. One example is Farcaster that Brian mentioned before. That's one of the Coinbase alumns who founded that. We also take a very long-term view. We don't panic when the market sells off. It's kind of the opposite of a herd mentality who doubled down when others are fearful. And we love it because it helps us get connected to the crypto frontier and to invest in the ecosystem. One area we're seeing tremendous energy around right now is the creator economy. So companies such as Paragraph, XMTP, Farcaster, all of these are looking to decentralize existing social platforms. And then looking ahead, we're really excited about on-chain consumer applications such as gaming, social messaging and media, and then there's a lot of new protocol developments like restaking that we're excited about. We're also seeing a huge growing opportunity outside the U.S., and our portfolio has a strong footprint in the global crypto ecosystem. One other thing I should mention is that because of the U.S.' lack of clear regulation on crypto, we are pushing a lot of innovation outside of the U.S. The U.S. has been losing 2% of blockchain developer share annually since 2017. And this is following the same pattern as semiconductors and 5G moving offshore. It really just reinforces the need for us to have clear legislation, and we think it's a huge opportunity that the U.S. is currently squandering. It's also why on the venture side, we are investing globally. There's a lot of interesting regional exchange platforms across Latin America, India, Africa and other regions.
Anil Gupta: Great. So with that, Sarah, let's switch and take questions from the analysts.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Kenneth Worthington: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to dig a little more into payments. We noticed the recent partnership with Ledger and you announced the updates to Commerce earlier in 4Q. And clearly, there is the enhanced relationship with Circle. So maybe first, how do the different pieces kind of fit together to drive what you're trying to build. Second, in terms of the use cases, is this basically cheap remittances for retail and 365-day a year transfer for institutional clients? Or is there a longer-term vision? And then lastly, what does the revenue model look like for Coinbase and payments? Is it more asset-based? Or is it transaction-based? So thanks for all those.
Brian Armstrong: Yes, I can take that one. Thanks, Ken. So as you mentioned, payments is one of the areas that we're exploring in 2024 around utility, and I'm pretty excited about that as an opportunity. I mentioned in the opening comments that last year, we did announce that you can send USD Coin on Base and instantly anywhere in the world for free. So the cost and the transaction fees and the confirmation times are really starting to come down. And the more you reduce friction, the more payments you'll start to see. And so there's a variety of different use cases for payments. Payments is a huge industry.  Some of this you can look at in emerging markets where people have local currencies where there's high inflation and so the dollar has a great brand there. People want access to the dollar. So they're able to do that now with Stablecoins and USD Coin kind of gives them a trusted option that's regulated and the partner we have with Circle. They've been a great partner. They're a great issuer of that. So emerging markets, demand for the dollars as an inflation hedge, I think is a starting point. And then once people have those dollars, they're going to want to start to pay for things in their ordinary course of the day with those instead of the local currency where they're experiencing that inflation. So some of that is cross-border. Like you said, there's people in some of these markets they're ordering goods and services for their shops, from Asia or Europe to some of it's cross-border, some of it's for B2B, some of it's remittances. Some of it is also – they just want to earn yield on their assets. Like as an inflation hedge is a great start, but if you can earn yield like in some of these like with USD Coin, that's even better. So there's sort of that emerging market use case. And then we've also dabbled in payments kind of in other areas like you mentioned Coinbase Commerce launched this on-chain payment protocol, which is really innovative. We're trying to make crypto the simplest, easiest way to pay on the Internet. Even Coinbase Card has allowed people to spend their crypto and USD Coin anywhere that Visa is accepted. So there's a lot of different use cases. I mean, if you kind of want to zoom out, you asked about what's the longer-term vision here. I mean we really want to update the financial system, right? We want to have crypto play a larger and larger role in the global financial system, have it be a greater and greater percentage of GDP over time. And so cryptos really started off being this asset class people trade, but we now need to look at how it can improve these other areas. And payments is a huge one. And as we've seen Layer 2 solutions come online like Base, I think the time is now to start to invest in that. You asked about monetization also. I mean, look, this is all really early stage. So we don't have any kind of forecast on it or anything like that. But there's opportunities for us here to monetize via Base, also via USD Coin, which you can see pieces of in our financials today. So that's all long-term. I think if we can drive a deal use case with crypto, even if people don't even think of it as crypto. They're just, oh, the fees are lower. My money arrives instantly instead of waiting three business days. They may not even know it's crypto underneath, but that's how we get 1 billion people eventually benefiting from this. And I think there'll be a lot of opportunities to monetize that over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chase White with Compass Point Research & Trading. Your line is open.
Chase White: Thanks for taking the question. So OpEx came in a bit higher than guidance across the board, each line item, which appears to, at least in part, be driven by the stronger market conditions. It seems pretty clear to us at least that we're heading into a bull cycle and we're just now getting into it. I mean, obviously, that should drive trading volumes and revenues higher and really most revenue line items potentially a lot higher. So how should we think about the various OpEx line items if the business were to return to prior cycle highs or even higher? Like is there a need for tech and dev marketing G&A to grow significantly from the current run rates in lockstep with revenue? Or should they kind of stay flat where they are? Just a little color on that would be great.
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Chase. Happy to answer that one. So broadly, we have some variable costs that will track with revenue growth, and those are largely our transaction expenses. As we've shared with you, that includes minor fees, that includes verification and just in various costs of transaction and it also includes the payout of staking rewards. Those ones will drive 100% correlation with our revenue. We have a few other variable costs we will need to add, for example, more CX customer support costs. We will need to add some more network support if we see significant volume, but it will be very modest. We can absorb a lot of volume growth without adding expenses. That said, we continue to look at our expense base and invest proactively in diversifying our revenue streams. And so if we see ourselves in a prolonged upmarket, we may choose to increase expenses, but we will be very transparent with the Street if we make that decision later on this year. We've given an expense outlook for Q1, where we expect some very modest changes to our Q4 results. And so at this point in time, you will communicate in that way with you and expect expenses to be pretty modest and changing year for the next few months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Owen Lau: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. At the House hearing yesterday, Undersecretary confirmed with Congressman Tom Emmer that a report about Hamas using digital assets to raise fund was inaccurate, and crypto was not even a popular tool for terrorists. Even though Chainalysis, put a report to correct that record, it doesn't appear that it gets enough attention. So I have two questions here. Could you please talk about Coinbase investments in anti-money laundering program to protect your customers and also your reaction to that conversation? Thank you.
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Owen, and thanks for noticing that. We were really pleased to see that house hearing yesterday and really pleased with the correction of the record here. One, we have significant investments in AML. We have a large compliance team that has best-in-class compliance approaches the same as any other fintech or bank. We follow very standard rules in this place and are governed by our MTL licenses and our Bitcoin license with NYDFS. We're really proud to be one of the most compliant crypto companies, frankly, in the world with this regard. I will share how Paul's share reaction to the hearing and maybe I'll pass it over to you, Paul.
Paul Grewal: Thanks, Alesia. We were very pleased to see the Congress pay careful attention to this issue. French Hill, Chair of the Subcommittee could not have been clear when he observed that the treasury Undersecretary made explicit what we have been saying all along, which is that bad actors still prefer to use traditional finance rather than digital assets to fund their activities. That I think was an important validation of something that we've been saying for a very, very long time. And Mr. Nelson, the UnderSecretary also confirmed that prior reports that have been published that successful international collaboration with Israeli law enforcement had limited Hamas and its use of its digital assets ahead of the attack against Israel. So we think that the facts are clear. And we are pleased that when confronted with those facts, the Congress is underscoring that crypto is an answer to the problem of illicit finance. It is not solely the problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Todaro with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
John Todaro: Thanks for taking my question. First off, congrats on the quarter, pretty great results here. I have two questions on the institutional business. So it looks like take rate there went up. Trying to understand what drove that or if there was some other revenue that went into that institutional revenue, whether that was base chain or derivatives? And then second, as we think about Q1 2024, had the Bitcoin ETFs, has that driven more institutional activity on the platform where moving forward, we should think of institution as a greater makeup share of the total volume?
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the question, John. So embedded in our institutional product revenues are really two products. One is the markets business, which is our exchange, where we have market makers and liquidity providers transacting directly on the exchange and the other is Coinbase Prime. Coinbase Prime has a higher fee rate than the exchange. And so similar to the consumer side, we see mix shift driving the blended average fee rate on institutional. And we're seeing strong growth of Coinbase Prime, and it had a larger share of volume in Q4, which drove the increase in that fee rate in the fourth quarter. Going to your second question on have Bitcoin ETFs driven more into activity. As we shared earlier and Brian shared in his response, ETFs have just been net positive for the industry and additive to Coinbase. And we're seeing elevated engagement and net inflows on institutional as well as retail Q1 to date.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Devin Ryan: Great. Thank you so much. From what I can track, you guys have seen a very sizable acceleration in derivatives volumes even in recent weeks, it seems like it's been accelerating quite a bit on the international exchange. So nice to see the momentum there. And obviously, we know the derivatives market is larger than the spot market. So I guess, first off, how would you frame the scaling that you're experiencing already relative to how you're thinking about the broader potential longer term? And then second, what is the user profile on take rate look like there now? And then where do you see that user mix and take rate moving over time as it matures? Thanks.
Brian Armstrong: I can start off on derivatives and then Alesia, maybe I'll turn it to you on some of the take rate question. So thanks for tracking. We have been hitting daily all-time highs on our international exchange which has been really great. It's still early days, just to be clear, but the market, I think, has really demonstrated they want to see a trusted counterparty here built in a compliant way. And Coinbase is really the first company they've seen come along that fits that definition. So we've been making a lot of progress on our International derivatives exchange. We added 11 new markets in Q4. We're now up to about 70% of global TAM. We announced that we're acquiring a MiFID license that will help us unlock derivatives in about 20 additional EU member states. We've been adding new product features like 10x leverage. We did that in Q4. I think we've had about – it's about $16 billion in notional volume traded on international exchange in Q4. So it's been really good progress on that. Same thing, by the way, for Coinbase financial markets in the U.S., we got license to trade U.S. futures, which has been really great. And so, yes, I think our daily milestone that we just surpassed actually today, it was $700 million in a 24-hour period that was on the international exchange. So really great early start. I think that clients are going to continue to want to prefer a trusted counterparty that's following the rules. Coinbase is the brand that can help them do that. And derivatives trading is actually about 75% of all crypto trading by volume at least. The take rate is lower on it, but it is the majority of volume. And so I'm just really glad that we're now starting to build our business in that area. Alesia, anything you want to add on take rates?
Alesia Haas: Sure. As Brian said, we are early days in derivatives. We're excited about the progress that we are just getting started. As such, our current goal is to really gain market share. We are offering tiered pricing over time. But right now, it's going to be competitive to build liquidity and attract users and we'll experiment and adjust as we scale.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Benjamin Budish with Barclays. Your line is open.
Benjamin Budish: Hi. Good evening and thanks for taking the question. I wanted to follow up on one of the earlier on the Prime business. Can you maybe do a little bit of a dive into what specifically you're doing there? Obviously, I would assume there's some kind of execution. But what are the sort of services you provide? How are you monetizing them? And can you just confirm that any revenues through Prime or also reported or confirm or not confirm that they are reported within the institutional volume metric that you give?
Alesia Haas: Why don't I start with this? So Coinbase Prime is our one-stop shop for institutions. It comprises a suite of products, including custody, trading, financing, those are the large three that are in that umbrella. When you look at our institutional transaction revenue, that is largely the trading business. We separately disclosed custodial fee revenue, and the financing business is largely in other subscription and services right now because it is still nascent and growing. We haven't broken it out as a separately disclosed line item.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pete Christiansen with Citi. Your line is open.
Peter Christiansen: Thank you. Good evening. Alesia, I'm a little surprised the sales and marketing is expected to be flattish, I guess, into Q1. I would think the status of the asset class, international business picking up, Coinbase would want to lean in a little bit more there. I was just wondering if you could talk to those dynamics. Maybe you're seeing different mix shift that's impacting it between institutional or retail or maybe you're seeing better marketing efficiencies. Just wondering if you can walk us through that progression and how you're seeing the setup for this year.
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Pete. So a large part of our sales and marketing spend is actually in brand spend and we have seasonality with an NBA contract. And so what you see is a shift in spend between Q4 and Q1, where we will spend materially less on that NBA contract when we direct that spend to other areas, which is leading to a slightly down guide for Q1 versus Q4, but we are reinvesting. We are really proud of our marketing efforts, and I might call Emilie and to answer some of those questions, but we really feel like we hit our stride with marketing over the last year and are continuing to lean in and invest where we see strong ROI and strong return on those investments.
Emilie Choi: I agree fully. The marketing investments have been very high ROI, that’s one of the things that we've demanded since we've implemented the program. And I think that we're going to continue to test the boundaries of it, especially as we expand more and more into policy marketing to get our messages across to policymakers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bo Pei with US Tiger Securities. Your line is open.
Bo Pei: Hi, Management. Thanks for taking my questions. So some question on the retail take rate. So with the recent approval of Spot Bitcoin ETFs, most people believe crypto is now becoming a more mature asset class. And typically, as a new asset class becomes more mature, one should expect trading this as to become cheaper. So do you think crypto investors have become more sophisticated now? And do you see more traders migrating to the Coinbase advanced platform? And do you expect the trading take rate to gradually decline to below 1% in this crypto cycle like in the last 1.5 years or 2 years? If this happens, do you believe the volume increase can more than offset the take rate decline? Thank you.
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Bo. I'll share. Since we went public, we've received a question on fee rate and fee rate compression or cannibalization every quarter. And we have yet to see that phenomenon on our platform, and we have yet to see that as a result of the ETFs as well. As we shared, even in quarter-to-date Q1, we've seen net inflows across both retail and institutional, and we have not seen any shift in our customer behavior as a result of the EPS, all we've seen is ETFs being a net add to the industry net positive for Coinbase, net positive for the industry overall with more engagement across the board with both our retail and institutional clients. We've shared over time, we agree with you with the thesis that as you see commoditization, you should see fees come down. But we do not see that today, and we continue to see customers choose Coinbase for the breadth of our product offering, the security of our platform, and we think that, that will continue to persist for some time.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. Sorry, I just want to add. I mean, just a reminder, the entire industry, we've seen about $4 billion of net inflows since the Bitcoin ETFs launched. I think that's really additive. The thing to remember here is we want crypto to really update the global financial system. So that means we need to get it integrated into more and more parts of the financial system. Every time that, that happens, we're sitting here cheering for it. We want fees to come down and make it lower friction for people to get into crypto through all kinds of different vehicles. ETFs are a massive way to get more capital to come in. So far, we have not seen any cannibalization. As Alesia said, it's been additive for Coinbase, and we're seeing elevated engagement and net inflows on both retail and institutional Q1 to date. So in my view, the ETFs are just a totally positive thing. And the more institutions that kind of get their feet wet with crypto, whether it's through an ETF or any other way, the better because they're eventually going to be using it in other ways, holding it on their balance sheet, paying their vendors, doing payroll. We want crypto to power more and more of global GDP. And we've got to get this happening through every opportunity we can. So ETFs are incredibly positive, I think, for our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Vafi with Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open.
Joseph Vafi: Hey guys. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Nice results. I've got a few, but maybe I'll just focus my question on a follow-up to the previous one. I mean owning the underlying spot versus owning an ETF may seem the same for some investors, but I'm sure you thought a lot about owning the underlying spot versus an ETF and your differentiation in that. And so it would be great to hear what you see perhaps is the benefits of owning a Bitcoin outright versus owning an ETF? Thanks a lot.
Emilie Choi: I guess I'll start and Alesia, maybe you can just pop in. One of the things we wanted to do in this ecosystem was to play the role where we have the kind of strongest competitive advantages. And because we've invested so much in the custody solution and the prime services, it felt like a really good area for us to play, and that's why we garnered the majority share when we were working with these ETFs. Separately, we also want to make sure that we are able to invest in solutions where clients can invest in different crypto assets, and we have CBAM Coinbase Asset Management as something separate from that. But I think we're trying to play the role that it's best for us in each different part of the value chain. Alesia, anything to add on that?
Alesia Haas: One thing I'll share is that the majority of customers on our platform do more than just own Bitcoin. Most customers own more than two crypto assets. If you look at our trading volume for Q4, 42% of our trading volume was in other crypto assets, not Bitcoin, not Ethereum, not USDT. So I think that what we believe is that the Bitcoin ETF is introducing new capital. Folks that were not coming to the spot market, folks that may want to invest to their 401(k), invest in a fund, and that's where we're seeing more adoption, more growth, more awareness of this asset class. But what we see is that when people start to learn about Bitcoin, they often then become excited about another asset, and they want to use that asset. They want a stake. They want to explore the crypto ecosystem in the decentralized applications. And so we're delighted to see the expansion of users and investors in this asset class. We believe this is going to be just net additive to the space.
Anil Gupta: Sarah, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will come from the line of Alex Markgraff with KBCM.
Alexander Markgraff: Hey everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe two, first one for Paul, if I could. Just on the challenge against the SEC's decision not to engage in rule making. Just could you give us an overview of the process here and sort of the range of outcomes that you're looking to?
Paul Grewal: I'm happy to do that. You're referring, of course, to our petition that we filed in the Third Circuit Court of Appeals, challenging the decision of the SEC to reject or deny our request for formal rule making. That challenge is moving ahead. We were gratified to see the court set a briefing schedule. A briefing will begin next month and continue on into the spring on this question of whether the SEC act within its discretion in denying those that request for rulemaking or acted arbitrarily capriciously and denying our request. We're confident that the Third Circuit will see it our way, and we look forward to the opportunity presenting our arguments at the appropriate time.
Anil Gupta: Great. Well, that's it for today. Thank you all for joining us, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-02 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Sarah, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coinbase Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Anil Gupta, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Anil Gupta: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Coinbase third quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Brian Armstrong, Co-Founder and CEO; Emilie Choi, President and COO; Alesia Haas, CFO; and Paul Grewal, Chief Legal Officer. I hope you've all had the opportunity to read our shareholder letter, which was published earlier today on our Investor Relations website. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause these results to differ is included in our SEC filings. Our discussion today will also include references to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in our shareholder letter on our IR website. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for GAAP measures. We are once again using Say Technologies to enable our shareholders to post questions. In addition, we will take some live questions from our research analysts. With that, I'll turn it over to Brian and Alesia for opening comments.
Brian Armstrong: Thanks, Anil. Let me start with a provocative statement. Onchain is the new online. The Internet was and is a game changing technology that redefined our modes of communication, business and social interaction. It broke down barriers, democratized access to information and made knowledge universally accessible. Blockchain and crypto are doing the same thing today with a redecentralization of the web and the introduction of a new building block ownership. Instead of just reading and writing on the traditional Internet, Onchain, you can now read, write and own. Onchain is about digital assets, broader access to financial services, and even changes how we think about identity, governance, artwork, and non-financial services. Crypto creates a level playing field where everyone, irrespective of their socioeconomic status or geographic location, has access to more robust and transparent systems. Crypto creates a world with fewer middlemen, lower fees, faster transaction speeds, and greater protection and control over one's digital assets and identity. It is for all of these reasons that we believe that crypto is the greatest tool, increasing global economic freedom. We also think that Onchain will be as essential and impactful as the Internet is today. If we look back to the early years of the Internet, the companies that ignored the noise and built for the future of the Internet now stand as tech giants. The Onchain companies of today will be the tech giants of tomorrow. Coinbase stands at the forefront of this technology and continues to build a responsible, compliant, trusted, financially strong and innovative business that is building those linchpins products. Speaking of financial strength, Q3 has been another strong quarter for us. In Q3, we delivered positive adjusted EBITDA for the third consecutive quarter and demonstrated continued operational discipline. In fact, we are on track to deliver meaningful, positive adjusted EBITDA this year, which reflects the direction we set at the start of this year to be a company that can generate adjusted EBITDA in all market conditions. We thought it may take us more time to get here, but through operational discipline, rigorous cost management, and more favorable interest rates, I'm very pleased with the results we've delivered. Our balance sheet remains strong and our financial position enables us to continue to invest in the future and deliver products and services that expand the utility of crypto, which brings me to what we've built this quarter. We've obtained licenses that enable us to access new markets, continued to drive toward regulatory clarity for crypto and build innovative products that expand the utility of crypto. This continues to be a year of international progress for Coinbase, starting with international expansion here. In 2023, we officially launched three key Go Deep markets, Brazil, Singapore, and this quarter in Canada. Country launches are a significant investment for Coinbase. When we launch in a country, we hire local leadership, we work with local regulators, and we establish new payment rails to enable seamless fiat to crypto transfers. In Q3, we also obtained key licenses or registrations in Singapore and Spain and continue to pursue and obtain licenses and registrations where it's clear that we need them to serve our customers. Speaking of licenses, let's talk about derivatives. Unlocking the ability to offer derivatives products to users is a huge opportunity for Coinbase as the global derivatives market for crypto represents 75% of all trading volume. Trading volume that up until now was largely going through unregulated offshore exchanges. Derivatives products are an important tool as the ability to trade crypto using margin essentially giving traders the ability to use margin, increases our capital efficiency and access to the crypto market with less upfront investment. In Q3, Coinbase International Exchange received regulatory approval from the Bermuda Monetary Authority to enable perpetual futures for eligible non-U.S. retail customers, which we began offering just last month. And Coinbase Financial Markets also received regulatory approval from the National Futures Association to offer futures to eligible U.S. customers via advanced trading. And as of yesterday, we now offer regulated futures to U.S. customers via Coinbase Financial Markets. Customers seek to do business with trusted counterparties when they trade complex levered products such as derivatives and perpetual futures. And Coinbase Financial Markets and Coinbase International Exchange are best positioned to be that trusted partner. We are just getting started and plan to roll out additional products and expand to more markets over time with derivatives. Speaking of launching new products, in Q3, we launched our new Layer 2 solution called Base. As I touched on last quarter, most blockchain transactions today are happening on what are called Layer 1. And Layer 1 networks are slow, they are inefficient and expensive to use. Think of the jump from L1 to L2s as the jump that the Internet made when it went from dial-up to broadband. Layer 2s are built on top of Layer 1s to make them faster and more efficient, and they result in lower transaction costs and higher confirmation speeds. Our Base platform enables developers to harness the full power, efficiency and cost savings of a Layer 2 network with the convenience of it being built in right into the Coinbase ecosystem. In August, we moved Base on to Mainnet, which means it's now available to everyone. And to celebrate the launch, we created an Onchain movement this summer for developers in the crypto community called Onchain Summer. During that campaign, we saw over 10 million NFTs minted across more than 1 million wallets on Base. This momentum helped drive rapid growth of Base, including more than $500 million in assets that are now on the platform. While early, we are encouraged by the early utility of Base and are optimistic about the role Layer 2s can play not only for Coinbase, but also for the growth and development of the entire crypto economy. Finally, I just want to touch on how Coinbase is driving regulatory clarity for the industry. One of the biggest items holding back adoption of this technology is the lack of clear rules and regulation, most notably in the U.S. We are actively involved in U.S. legislation with a variety of bills that are in development and we are still confident that the U.S. will get this right, embrace innovation and propose clear rules. American crypto holders are owed clarity and they are an increasingly expanding voter base. There are 52 million crypto holders in the United States. To put that into context, that's more than the owners of electric vehicles and more than all collective members of U.S. Unions. The American people are embracing crypto as more Americans grow unhappy with the traditional financial system. Only 9% of those surveyed say that they are satisfied with the current U.S. financial system, and only 22% of people think that it's better than any other countries and nearly two in five younger people that's 38% say crypto and blockchain can increase economic opportunities for them in ways traditional finance can't. To aid in the mission of driving for crypto regulation, Coinbase is a proud supporter of an independent movement known as Stand with Crypto that now has more than 100,000 advocates and continues to stand with the American people to drive towards clarity in the U.S. While the U.S. continues to struggle to keep pace, the rest of the world has made great strides in embracing crypto and Onchain technology with clear legislation. We are seeing global efforts to bring crypto into regulatory scopes as 83% of the G20 nations are adopting crypto regulations. Most recently, we've seen this with MiCA legislation in Europe, and it's incredibly encouraging to see that now 27 countries stand together with one unified set of rules for crypto, something the U.S. desperately needs. In response to this groundbreaking regulation, Coinbase moved quickly and recently announced that Ireland will be our MiCA hub. We continue to work with regulators around the world on laws for cryptocurrencies and act quickly to embrace new regulation when it's developed. In conclusion, although we continue to be in a down market with volatility, the lowest we've seen in years, Coinbase is financially healthy with our third consecutive quarter of positive adjusted EBITDA. Meanwhile, we have the most trusted brand and the easiest to use products and continue to build innovative key technologies that expand the utility of crypto and best position Coinbase to take advantage of the next bull market. We continue to do the work of running a trusted, secure, and compliant crypto platform, and this is our competitive advantage. We have a long-term focus on building and on following the rules, which has proven to be the right strategy. We believe Onchain is the new online, and that Onchain technology represents the same opportunity that the Internet did before it. With compliant and responsible companies like Coinbase leading the charge, Onchain applications are set to become the foundational pillars of the future financial system and more. With that, I'll hand it over to you, Alesia, to tell us more about our Q3 performance.
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Brian, and good afternoon, everyone. As Brian shared, Q3 was a strong quarter where we saw the efforts of multi quarter initiatives come to fruition. Further, we continue to make progress on building an increasingly efficient and financially disciplined company. Let's dive right into our Q3 results, and I'm going to start with transaction revenue, which was $289 million, down 12% quarter-over-quarter. In Q3, crypto asset volatility, a driver of our trading business continued to decline and it reached levels that we haven't measured since 2016. As a result, total Coinbase trading volume declined 17% quarter-over-quarter, which outperformed the global spot market, which declined 24% quarter-over-quarter. The blended average fee for consumer was higher in Q3 as compared to Q2 and was again driven largely by the mix of simple versus advanced trading volume in the quarter. We continue to experiment with our pricing models for both our consumer and institutional products, and price changes may impact future quarters, but that was not the case in Q3. Turning now to subscription and services. Revenue was $334 million, essentially flat quarter-over-quarter. Overall, we saw inflows of native units in custody. We saw an increase in staked balances and we saw growth in USDC on our platform. However, offsetting this unit growth were price effects as crypto market cap declined approximately 9% quarter-over-quarter. Now shifting to expenses. Total operating expenses declined 4% quarter-over-quarter to $754 million. Technology and development, general and administrative and sales and marketing were collectively $654 million down 1% quarter-over-quarter. Expenses did come in at the low end of our outlook, driven primarily by a shift in timing of certain legal and marketing expenses from Q3 to Q4. Net loss was $2 million and adjusted EBITDA was $181 million. Our Q3 net loss benefited from two transactions. First, we completed a debt repurchase in the quarter, which had a favorable impact of $82 million. Second, we had a $50 million gain on strategic investments. Both of these items were recorded in our other income. Additionally, in the quarter, we increased evaluation allowance on deferred tax assets, which contributed to the higher tax rate. You can read more about our effective tax rate in our shareholder letter. Now I'd like to turn to our outlook for the fourth quarter. In our letter, we noted that October transaction revenue was approximately $105 million. We are expecting subscription and services revenue to be approximately flat with the Q3 levels, and this assumes no material change to crypto asset prices or market conditions as compared to the month of October. In terms of expenses, we expect technology and development and general and administrative to be between $525 million and $575 million, which is lower compared to the Q3 levels. A key driver of this decrease quarter-over-quarter is lower stock-based compensation in Q4 as compared to Q3, which as we have previously shared, has a non-linear expense recognition timing. We are expecting sales and marketing expenses to be between $85 million and $95 million, slightly higher than Q3 levels due to the shift in timing from Q3 to Q4 for certain expenses that I noted earlier. Just as I noted that Q4 is lower than Q3 for SEC, when we look ahead to Q1 of 2024, SEC will be sequentially higher than Q4. As Brian mentioned, we expect to deliver meaningful adjusted EBITDA in 2023, which I want to note is an improvement from our prior goal of just improving adjusted EBITDA in 2023 as compared to 2022 on an absolute basis. To close, Q3 was a strong quarter for the business despite the low volatility environment. We are pleased with the revenue performance as well as our ability to grow our USD resources, while opportunistically reducing our total debt. As we look ahead towards next year, we see a wide variety of positive catalysts for the crypto industry on the horizon, as well as potential risks. We are closely monitoring these inputs as we plan for the coming year and we will share more with you next quarter.
A - Anil Gupta: Thank you, both. So with that, let's turn to shareholder questions. We're taking the most upvoted questions as determined by the number of shares, and we might combine questions that touch on the same themes. First question is, will Coinbase consider reducing transaction fees to make them more competitive with other platforms where ETFs are being traded at significantly lower prices? Emilie?
Emilie Choi: Sure. Thanks for the question. So to answer it directly, we have no current plans to reduce transaction fees because of ETFs. If you just zoom out a little bit, spot ETFs should be a positive catalyst for the entire crypto space. They should add credibility to the market, and we should see increased liquidity and market stability, as we've seen with other asset classes such as gold. ETF should expand the pie and bring new people and institutions into the crypto economy. One stat that I find really powerful is that 52 million Americans own crypto today despite the current regulatory overhang. So imagine what will happen once ETFs are introduced and widely available. RIAs, retirement funds, other institutions that have been precluded from this asset class historically will gain access to crypto for the first time, and that's very powerful. In terms of economic impact, as we've said before, the primary way that we'll monetize ETFs directly in the near-term is through custody fees. And Coinbase is very proud to have been selected to partner with the majority of the potential issuers who are among the world's most trusted financial institutions. Over time, we think there will be other ways to monetize, but that's too early to get into those now. And we also believe that the approval of these products will renew interest in crypto generally, and that we would benefit from increased demand and trading volume as a result. Operationally, we are set and ready-to-go and once approval arrives, we are ready to hit the ground running.
Anil Gupta: Second question, when do you see Coinbase with positive earnings per share? Alesia?
Alesia Haas: Let's dial back. Looking back the last several years, we were actually net income positive in 2021 in the midst of a bull market. That changed in 2022 as the market turned. We are in a nascent industry and what we like to do here at Coinbase is we balance our investment growth in product innovation and profitability. You may recall that we pivoted in the middle of last year to evolve from a company that is profitable through a cycle to one that can generate positive adjusted EBITDA in all market conditions. And that was a very deliberate shift in our strategy. We are focused on that as our goal at this time, generating positive adjusted EBITDA in all market conditions. And year-to-date, we've made significant progress towards that goal. You've noted that this is the third consecutive quarter that we've had positive adjusted EBITDA this year, and all of those were in excess of $100 million. And as we said earlier in this call, we are on track this year to deliver meaningful positive adjusted EBITDA in 2023. And all of this is in a down market at a level of multi-year low levels of volatility. As a result, we believe we have a strong position to enable us to continue to invest in the future in our strategy to bring new product innovation to the market during this challenging point in the crypto market cycle. We have a strong balance sheet with over $5 billion in U.S. resources to strength, and we further strengthen the balance sheet this year as we repurchased debt and so with that, that is our focus. Adjusted EBITDA, investing in the future in trusted products and services to expand the utility of crypto.
Anil Gupta: Next question. How is Coinbase handling and preparing for the challenges around the IRS proposed regulations on reporting of digital assets? Alesia?
Alesia Haas: Well, this is a great question, and we're spending a lot of time working on this internally. So I'm glad we had a chance to highlight some of the work here. First, I want to share some background for those who are unfamiliar with the proposed regulations. The IRS recently proposed rules that would require Coinbase and other crypto platforms to report every crypto transaction of our U.S. customers. When I say every transaction, that includes those Onchain transactions related to payments, NFTs, everyday applications, for example, using crypto to buy a cup of coffee becomes a reportable transaction. This means for Coinbase alone, we could be required to report billions of transactions to the IRS each year. The IRS has admitted that it will receive 8 billion reports, that is more than all current tax reporting combined. This creates a huge compliance burden for us, for the industry. And importantly here, it threatens our customers' privacy and ultimately, we believe, would impede the adoption of crypto. I want to state that we have long supported broker reporting of transactions on our exchange on par with the reporting requirements for traditional finance. But we believe these proposed rules are unworkable and impractical because they reach far beyond that objective. They set a dangerous precedent for surveillance of non-financial transactions and could lead to the invasion of privacy for American people. So we've been very active here. First, we filed a comment letter introducing our concerns and highlighting the challenges raised by the proposed regulations. We are actually preparing a more detailed comment letter to be submitted shortly with further observations and recommendations regarding the proposed regs. We're also preparing oral testimony on our perspective and concerns at an IRS hearing scheduled for November 7. And lastly, we're working with trade associations and peer companies to provide industry-wide perspective. We've made public aware of these proposed rules. We've mobilized with gain with crypto to encourage public comments to the IRS and proud of seeing tens of thousand comment letters be submitted so far. So while we think these proposed regs went too far and unworkable, we think a staged approach to broker reporting is the correct path with the realistic targets and effective dates for the industry, and we remain committed towards transparency and working towards this objective.
Anil Gupta: Thank you. So with that, Sarah, let's switch and take questions from our analyst, please.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Kenneth Worthington: Hi. Good afternoon, and thanks for taking the question. I wanted to dig in further on derivatives. So you got your FCM license and you rolled out derivative trading on your website. I guess, importantly, when does Coinbase start to launch on mobile, and how are you thinking about marketing and growing that? And then more broadly, as we think about derivative growth for Coinbase inside and outside the U.S., how much of a void is there in derivatives given the FTX blowup and the pressure on Binance and how challenging might that volume be to pursue?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. Thanks for the question. I can start off. So I think the first part of your question was really about rolling out derivatives on mobile. And while I don't want to give any kind of like launch dates on the call here, you can imagine that's one of several things that we're working on, which would improve people's access to it, both for retail and institutions actually. And so there's still a lot of work to be done to fully integrate our derivatives products into our other products, both Coinbase Prime and our retail app. I do think that we have a big opportunity to essentially go out and provide some trusted infrastructure around this. As I mentioned in the opening statements, people really care about their counterparties in this market. And I do think Coinbase has the best reputation out there in terms of being trusted and we can be an important player by providing this infrastructure in a way that's regulated and compliant and has our long track record of cybersecurity, for instance. Just a few pieces of data that we haven't shared, I think, before. So we've done about $10 billion in notional volume in Q3 on derivatives, which is – that sounds like a big number, but in the derivative space, it's actually – it's a good start, but it's still relatively small. We've also been really increasing the number of institutions we've been onboarding. So in Q3, we now have over 100 institutions that have been onboarded. So with our launches that we talked about, we've got a lot of work in front of us, but we're making really good progress on that. And I can't really predict what percentage of the derivatives market would come over. But I know it's important for the space to have trusted infrastructure, and that's what we're going to go build.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Devin Ryan: Thanks. Good afternoon. Just want to talk a little bit about Base and the adoption that you're seeing. You guys gave a few stats there. It sounds like off to a really good start. So just maybe want to talk about what you guys think are going to be some of the biggest applications that are going to be on Base? What makes it attractive relative to other Layer 2? And just for Coinbase as this starts to become hopefully a bigger contributor for you. How should we think about kind of the ability to monetize and also just geography where kind of that shows up? Thanks.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. So I can start off with some of the applications, then I'll turn it over to Alesia to talk about monetization. So look, I think if anybody was sitting there kind of when broadband was first introduced on the Internet, and they tried to predict what the use cases would be. There's probably some good video clips, we can go back and look at people predicting that. And I'm sure they look a little bit silly because it would have been hard to predict Uber and Netflix and all these kind of things that were enabled. So there's a little bit – I don't want to make any kind of firm predictions here, but I can definitely say that one area we're excited about is payments, for instance, just because if you think about – on Layer 1 today, if it costs between $1 and $15 or so to make a transaction, and it takes anywhere from minutes to an hour to confirm that could be serving these use cases around trading because people don't necessarily do trading every second. They might need to do it periodically. And so L1 has served use cases like trading well. But if you're trying to build a global payment network, it really benefits everyone to have that happen fast and cheap. So for instance, if you're at a merchant and you hit send, you want the kind of confirmation to show up ideally within a few seconds. You don't want to be sitting waiting around for 20 minutes or something like that. So payments – and by the way, payments could be a whole variety of things, right? It could mean sort of commerce-type applications. It could mean peer-to-peer. It could mean B2B. It could mean remittance. It could mean payments in third-party applications that are like these new types of Dapps that are being created. So I made this analogy at one point in the past, but what we saw the friction was reduced from sending a text message to sending a WhatsApp message is it went from like $0.25 to send a text message to being free on WhatsApp. We saw in order of magnitude more messages sent every day. And I think if you bring down the friction of payments or transactions on these Layer 2s, you could see an order of magnitude, more transactions happening on these chains. Now we don't know exactly all of the things that it will be used for, but we are seeing good early adoption of Base, as I mentioned. So we've had more than 1 million transacting wallets over the last month, for instance, and Base is still quite new. 10 million NFTs got minted during Onchain Summer. $500 million in assets have been locked up on the platform already. So that's a great sign of adoption. Hopefully, this new kind of – this new efficiency that is introduced with Layer 2 creates thousands of different types of applications, and we'll see which of those rise to the top. Alesia, do you want to talk about monetization?
Alesia Haas: Yes. I'll just quickly add on here Brian. So based on monetize both directly and indirectly. On a direct basis, we do earn sequencer fees. We are reporting those as transaction fees, and today they're included in the consumer transaction fees in our financial statements. It's very early, they're not material enough to break out, but over time, as hopefully they grow, we would provide more disclosure in the future. But more importantly, I think are the indirect opportunities. Whereas Brian said, if we see the proliferation of opportunities for apps on Base, this will provide opportunities for our wallet product for more money to come from traditional fiat into crypto. And we are on on-ramp to that overall economy, and so we can see opportunities to earn revenue in many of our existing products as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Colonnese with H.C. Wainwright. Your line is open.
Michael Colonnese: Hi. Good afternoon and thank you for taking my question. Question for me around the spreads. So retail spreads have consistently increased for four quarters in a row now, which I know you guys have attributed to the mix shift towards higher yielding, simple trading volumes. And now looking back, you're about a 100 basis points higher than you were back in 2021 when trading activity was certainly a lot more robust on the platform. So if you can help us to understand what spreads could look like when the mix flips and advanced traders become more active again and could we get back to 2021 type levels or will some of these pricing changes allow spreads to be above those type of levels? Thanks.
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the question. So it's a good chance for me to just remind everybody that when we look at the weighted average fees by taking our transaction revenues divided by volume, it's an output, not an input. And so mix and behavior on our platform are really important drivers of what that output is in terms of blended fee rates. We've shared with you in Q1 earlier this year where we did increase spread on simple trading. So that is for an example, if we went back to the volumes and the mix we saw in 2021, we would see higher fees on the platform as a result of that Q1 decision. But we would see fees that looked much more like the 2021 fees if the mix shift because as we've shared over the last two quarters, we've seen more volume reduction in our advanced trade than we have in our simple trade. And so today, more and more of the volume is coming from the simple trade products than it did in past periods. So I would say mix is a very critical input into what that resulting fee rate is. As we've said before, our fees are transparent, they're disclosed to our customers, and so customers get the choice of how they transact on our platform, and possible behavior shifts over time, but this is the behavior that we're seeing today, and we will be transparent with you and talk about how that shifts in future market conditions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Vafi with Canaccord. Your line is open.
Joseph Vafi: Hey, everyone. Thanks for taking my question here this afternoon. Maybe Brian, could you give us the latest from your team in Washington on the legislative front? I know obviously Congress has been a little bit preoccupied with the speaker and the like. But it does feel like legislation coming out of the Congress could ultimately be kind of a silver bullet relative to the current environment of regulation by enforcement? Thank you.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. Sure. Happy to give an update. So we've certainly been very focused on getting clarity in the U.S. I do think it's a major issue that's holding back the U.S. right now. And although we've been able to make great progress in other countries in terms of licensing in the meantime and with our derivatives license here in the U.S., we still need to get more clarity. So there is a few things we can do on that front. One of them is our SEC case. I think hopefully we'll get some clarity from the courts there next year or at some point. And the other one is, Stand with Crypto. So I mentioned that at the beginning, we're really trying to activate the 52 million Americans who own crypto to come out in force in this 2024 election, make their voice heard. Make sure that folks in DC recognize that nine out of 10 Americans don't feel the current financial system is serving them. And there's enough Americans now that have used this technology. It's actually, 5x the number that own electric vehicles and 3x the number that have Union cars, right. They don't recognize the scale of it quite yet. But we've now seen over a 100,000 people kind of raise their hands and say, I want to be an advocate for crypto, on standwithcrypto.org, which I encourage people to check out if they haven't. And we've been able to sort of drive that towards comment letters with the IRS, calling their representatives in Congress. And so some of the things we've been asking them to talk to Congress about is what you mentioned, the legislation. So there are a couple of bills that for those who aren't – that don't know, there are a couple of bills that got approved bipartisan support through the House committees. This is the FIT21 bill stands for the financial innovation and technology 21st century. So FIT21 is one of those. There's also a stablecoin bill in the Senate, the Lummis and Gillibrand have some legislation they're working on. And so I would say of the folks that I meet with in D.C., the majority opinion 80% of people I talk to is, it's a pretty common sense approach. They say this is interesting new technology. We don't exactly know how it could be useful, but it has some innovation potential, but let's make sure we protect consumers so they won't get harmed, make sure we don't have any more blow-ups. And also, let's make sure America doesn't get left behind. I mean, 83% of the G20 countries are already working on legislation here, why isn't the U.S.? And so I know Patrick McHenry now that the kind of question marks about who is going to be speaker have passed. He's publicly said that it's a priority for him to get back to advancing crypto legislation. So I'm optimistic that America will get this right. And whether it's through the courts or through Congress passing legislation or the 2024 election, America is going to get this right. We're going to make sure that happens. And the 52 million Americans that have used crypto are going to make sure that happens more importantly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Budish with Barclays. Your line is open.
Benjamin Budish: Hi. Good evening, and thanks for taking the question. I wanted to follow-up on the earlier question around the transaction fees. You talked a little bit in the Q&A about the mix, but just kind of parsing your words very carefully from the prepared remarks, you said you may raise fees and then later you said you wouldn't raise fees in response to the ETF. So I guess, could you perhaps remind us like what are the considerations there? I know you've sort of changed the approach more recently to think about balancing the output of volume and revenues, you no longer just optimizing for volumes, but how are you thinking about potentially – and I guess, maybe I don't mean to misinterpret your words, if you mean may raise them, you may lower them. But how are you thinking about adjusting them in the future? Thanks.
Alesia Haas: Experimentation has long been part of our product strategy and increasingly part of our pricing strategy to experiment around which model works best for our customers. So for example, Coinbase One started as a pricing experiment in many ways, and we're proud to see the continued growth of Coinbase One in many quarters. As we shared in Q1 of this year, we raised fees on our spread within Simple Trading, and we did not see any change in our customer behavior as a result of that. And so then just to answer your question is, we may increase, we may decrease in other products and we will continue to learn what works best for our customers over time ultimately to drive engagement and revenue on our platform. And speaking of just Emilie's comment on ETFs, what we wanted to say very specifically is that is not necessarily a driver. The driver is overall customer engagement with our products, overall competitive environment broadly, and we take all of that as input to inform our strategies and pricing experiments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Owen Lau: Good afternoon and thank you for taking my question. So you continue to manage the expense down sequentially, even though your headcount, I think it’s higher in the third quarter compared to the second. Your expense guidance indicates that it will continue to go down in the fourth quarter because of stock-based comp? And Alesia, you also mentioned some guidance in the first quarter as well. But can you please talk about if there's any other levers you can pull to manage or expand? And also, how will international expansion and other growth initiatives will impact your expense growth in the near term? Thank you.
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Owen. As we said this year, our focus has been on financial discipline and prudent allocation of our expenses. The underlying theme here around stock-based compensation is it has a non-linear expense recognition. And so if you look back a quarter what we shared with you is that the first half stock-based compensation was going to be very similar to the second half, although Q3 and Q4 were going to have different levels. And so driving the Q4 expense is a lot of the reduction in stock-based comp that we just see natural seasonally occurring in the fourth quarter. Broadly, though, the international growth and new product innovation is all within the expense envelope and outlook that we provided for Q4. We've shared with you before our approach to allocating our expenses aligned with a 70-20-10 model or 70 – roughly 70% of our resources is going to our core products, 20% is strategic and 10% to our venture kind of newest product initiatives that are very early stage. Brian's talked a lot about the importance of a company of a lot of innovation and fail fast, so we continue to try and experiment with new things. So that's all included in that outlook, and we feel really good about our ability to continue to invest in growth, invest in innovation while generating positive adjusted EBITDA and building a company that's more financially efficient.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Todaro with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
John Todaro: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Sorry for asking another one on the take rate. But I just wanted to understand, so advance going down versus simple. Is it the understanding that advanced users for some reason, are using a simple interface or are advanced users leaving the platform maybe to go to Dexus or some other trading venue?
Alesia Haas: In general, what we see in low volatility environments, is less trading from advanced users from market makers and participants that are looking for arbitrage opportunities across the ecosystem and across the variety of exchanges. So this is more of a comment on the overall volatility environment and the opportunity to make appropriate trade in this environment than it is around losing customers or them switching platforms.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bo Pei with US Tiger Securities. Your line is open.
Bo Pei: Hi. Good afternoon management. Thanks for taking the question. So two, if I may. So given our emphasis on on-chain activity, what is the max move to further build our on-chain product portfolio, do you plan to launch any debt yourself or just focusing on developing the infrastructure? And then second, not follow-up on the retail spreads. So do we charge different spreads for different digital assets? Is Bitcoin trading spread lower than the overall average on our platform? Thank you.
Alesia Haas: I'll answer the ticky-tacky on fees, and I'll let Brian then talk about the future of on-chain product road maps. Pricing experiments at this point in time historically have really been by product, but in the future, we may evaluate different pricing experiments by coins of geographies as well. So all of those are opportunities. But historically, they've been largely by product.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. So thanks for asking about the move to on-chain. So obviously, with the introduction of Base, we're making a big investment there. And one of our next major efforts is going to be how to integrate that into all of our products. And I'm really making a push internally to get more and more of the activity on Coinbase happening on-chain. So there's a few areas where we've been doing that to date. Coinbase Wallet is our self-custodial wallet. So all of the transactions happening there are on-chain. That's where we saw over 1 million while it's being active on Base in the last month. Things like Coinbase Commerce are putting efforts into how more and more of this can happen on Layer 2 on-chain. Actually, we created some end-to-end metrics internally, where we look at all the transactions happening on the Coinbase platform. And some of those, especially in our centralized exchange products are happening off-chain, that's where you kind of get high-frequency trading happening on our exchange that's not – those aren't all happening on-chain today. But if you look at all the transactions being generated, I think only about 7% or so is happening on Layer 2 today, and we need to increase that percentage. I think this is true, not just of Coinbase, by the way, but just the entire crypto industry. As we get Layer 2 needs to really become the default, I would say, for payments for interacting with Dapps, for NFTs, for decentralized social for identity – decentralized identity applications. So if we can get Layer 2 to be the default internally, and we're sort of taking our own metrics around that. Hopefully, the rest of the industry will also join us on that. And I think that's going to be a big factor in kicking off another wave of adoption and utility around crypto.
Anil Gupta: We have one question left in the queue. So let's take that, please.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Eric Dray with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Eric Dray: Hi guys, thanks for squeezing me in. Just wanted to follow-up on the legal front. Kind of two parts here. One, I appreciate kind of the date, the January 17th date there. Is there any other dates that investors should kind of be aware of? And then second, Brian, you talked a little bit about your conversations in Washington, how have people been prioritizing crypto regulation heading into such a key election year? Thank you.
Paul Grewal: This is Paul Grewal. Let me just speak to the first part of your question. The January 17, 2024 date is the most important day to focus on in our enforcement case with the SEC. That's the date that the district judge will hear oral argue motion for judgment. We think it's an important opportunity to present the court with even more reason to grant our motion that was that was laid out in our papers. We were gratified that the court set an oral argument date was something that we requested specifically, and we're looking forward to that opportunity. But it's also important to understand that we do not expect that the court will necessarily rule on the motion on that date when the core issues or opinion on our motion, of course, is fully within her discretion. But whether we win or lose the motion, we're fully prepared to litigate the case going forward, and we remain confident in the strength of our position in this case. We remain confident in the end, we will win this case. So more to come there, but the 17th is really the most important critical day to focus on in terms of next steps and next events in the enforcement case.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. And I think the other part of your question was about how folks are prioritizing crypto as an issue in D.C. So I can say for some of the folks that we've engaged with over there, it's their probably their top legislative priority. But the D.C. has something crisis coming up every week or two here, government shutdown, new speaker, the issues in the Middle East. So we don't pretend to be the top issue for everybody at all times. All we can do is kind of meet with folks, be an educational resource, make sure they know that the 52 million Americans really care about this. We actually – and then also, in some cases, help the parties come together to sort of negotiate language in some of these bills and things like that, that can build support for it. One other thing that we did, I mentioned earlier was we did a Stand with Crypto Day actually, where we invited about 40 or 50 different crypto-entrepreneurs around the U.S., all flew into D.C. And what was pretty cool about it was that they got to meet with their representatives in many of these states and actually talk to them about what they're building in their jurisdictions with crypto, why we're excited about it and they were able to speak just very passionately about it. Where something I'm happy to speak with all these folks as well, but sometimes they can think, okay, well, this is a big tech company or a fintech company that's not located. The people in my area actually care about this, the people that I'm serving and it was really cool to have those folks fly in and put a face to the name how they're creating jobs with crypto, how they believe this is helping their hometowns and building the future of the financial system because it's certainly a need of an update. So we're certainly working to make it a priority. And I think whenever these issues come up, like we see consumer harm or some issue. It just really highlights the need for regulation and for make sure that U.S. doesn't fall behind here. The vast majority of activity in crypto today is legitimate positive, it is people who are passionate about updating the financial system and using the technology kind of like the early users of the Internet. And sometimes it feels generational. There's an older generation. They haven't used it, but they don't use e-commerce either, right? So they're – sometimes they have a little trouble wrapping their head around it, but they often will talk to their staffers, to their children. Some of the younger folks in Congress just immediately get it. And so it's one of these things that's inevitable. It's just a matter of educating folks about it and making sure we get the right outcome.
Anil Gupta: All right. Well, that does it. Thank you all for joining us, and we look forward to speaking to you again on our next call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-03 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Tamika, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coinbase Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions] I would now hand today’s call over to Anil Gupta, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Anil Gupta: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Coinbase second quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Brian Armstrong, Co-Founder and CEO; Emilie Choi, President and COO; Alesia Haas, CFO; and Paul Grewal, Chief Legal Officer. I hope you've all had the opportunity to read our shareholder letter, which was published on our Investor Relations website earlier today. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause these results to differ is included in our SEC filings. Our discussion today will also include references to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our shareholder letter on our IR website. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for GAAP measures. We are once again using safe technologies to enable our shareholders to post questions. In addition, we will take some live questions from our analysts. With that, I'll turn it over to Brian and Alesia for opening comments.
Brian Armstrong: Thanks, Anil. Q2 was a strong quarter for us as we demonstrated operational discipline, focused on product excellence and help drive regulatory clarity for the industry. I'll start by touching on operational discipline. We drove $194 million of adjusted EBITDA in Q2, marking the second consecutive quarter of positive adjusted EBITDA. About a year ago, we started executing on cost reductions, and I'm happy to say that in Q2, our operating expenses are now down nearly 50% year-over-year. We ended Q2 with 3,400 employees, and we've been able to get a lot done by being a more efficient company at this size. Next, let me touch on product excellence. People use Coinbase’s product because we're the most trusted brand, and we made crypto easier to use. Over the past decade, we focused on compliance, cybersecurity, great design, user experience and customer support. We've always taken a long-term view and tried to do the right thing even when it wasn't easy or the rules weren't clear. Today, Coinbase is consistently ranked as the most trusted crypto platform across multiple markets, and this is a huge competitive differentiator for us. We have great product coverage in this industry and serve three distinct customer groups: retail, institutions and developers. For our retail customers, Coinbase and Coinbase Wallet have moved beyond our best-in-class trading use cases. We now help customers make payments, save, earn rewards, access NFTs, use Coinbase card and access third-party applications in Web3. Coinbase has become a platform for a broad set of first and third-party use cases with an increased range of functionality. And our goal is to become the primary way people manage their financial lives all over the world, enabled by these powerful decentralized protocols that will become a larger fraction of the global economy over time. Coinbase Wallet provides a way for retail customers to access this functionality while storing their own funds via self-custody. Now moving on to our institutional customers. We provide an integrated trading, custody and financing solutions through Coinbase Prime. And for our developer customers, we're building Coinbase Cloud with a powerful set of APIs and native on change solutions like base that allow every business to integrate crypto technology. In Q2, we launched our derivatives exchange in select markets outside the U.S., and we were also selected as the custodian in a number of ETF applications in our institutional business. A big focus for us over the next year is, how we're going to be driving utility in crypto that goes beyond just trading. The first 10 years in crypto were primarily about trading, but we've seen our customer base shift its activity over time where the majority of our active customers now do something with crypto other than trading. My belief is that the next 10 years in crypto will become predominantly about nontrading use cases. So what could some of those be? Well, payments is a big one. As the scalability of blockchain improves by moving to Layer 2 solutions like lightning, optimism and base, will see payments emerge as a larger use case. Getting more scalable blockchains will be as important as the Internet moving from dialogue to broadband. We'll also see the rise of decentralized identity systems with decentralized messaging and social apps that will accompany those connected right into those decentralized identities. And we're working hard at Coinbase to make it easy to connect through Coinbase Wallet to any third-party app or DAP, which stands for decentralized app. In the Coinbase app, you can actually visit the Web3 tab at the bottom right of our app and connect it to any third-party application out there in the ecosystem. More and more crypto utility will be happening on-chain. And at Quebec, I would like to say that Onchain is the new online. So we're fully embracing that. As we continue to make crypto trusted and easy to use with these new use cases will help update the financial system globally and help a 1 billion more people benefit from this technology. So finally, I want to touch on how Coinbase is driving regulatory clarity for the industry. One of the biggest items holding back adoption of this technology is the lack of clear rules and both regulation by enforcement that's taking place in the U.S. to date. While the rest of the world has made great strides in embracing crypto and Web3 technology with clear legislation, the U.S. has struggled to keep pace. Coinbase has an important role to play here. When the SEC refused to engage in rulemaking and instead pursue a regulation by enforcement approach, we availed ourselves of the court to help bring regulatory clarity to the United States and help get case created. We've also been actively engaged with Congress, where we've seen bipartisan support to past crypto legislation. In just the past few weeks, the House Financial Services Committee and the House Ag Committee passed the landmark crypto market structure Bill and the Bill with bipartisan support. These bills go to the house floor for a full vote later this year and from their advanced to the Senate. Coinbase is committed to helping ensure America passes crypto legislation, and it is not left behind. We've also begun activating crypto users across the U.S. to ensure their voices are heard in our democracy. 1 in 5 Americans have now used crypto more than hold a Union card as one point of comparison. And our stand with crypto campaign has signed up about 60,000 crypto advocates to date across all 435 congressional districts.  As an example of how we're activating them in New York City today, we're hosting an in-person gathering with representative from the offices of Senator Mayor Adams and Governor and hundreds of crypto enthusiasts. By the way, U2 as an investor can help in this effort by visiting standwithcrypto.org to sign up as a crypto advocate. If you want to ensure America embraces crypto technology and helps create clear rules around it, please help us by visiting standwithcrypto.org. Congressional town halls are happening all throughout the August and we're encouraging stand with Crypto advocates everywhere to reach out directly to their policymakers to support innovation in clear crypto regulation. Crypto is even proving to be an important topic in the upcoming 2024 presidential election with most of the challenger candidates taking out a positive position. In a democracy, the government is for the people and by the people and the citizens of the United States have made it crystal clear that they want to use crypto and they believe in the potential of this technology. We will not allow America's leadership here to be destroyed by a few outliers in our government painting outside bond of the law. The various court cases being decided now at a minimum prove that we're -- what we've been saying all along that, there is no regulatory clarity, new legislation is needed and the underlying assets themselves as decided in these cases, are not securities. In conclusion, although we're in a crypto bear market with volatility, the lowest we've seen in years, Coinbase is financially healthy with our second quarter of positive adjusted EBITDA. We even generated $156 million in cash in Q2. We intend to hold headcount flat for now as we keep making progress on the above items that I mentioned. Meanwhile, we have the most trusted brand and the easiest use products, and we're showing us day in and day out to do the hard work of running a trusted, secure and compliant crypto platform. This is our competitive advantage. Our long-term focus on following the rules has proven to be the right strategy as regulators have closing on companies who didn't, another competitive advantage for us. And we're driving regulatory clarity in the US while expanding abroad in places where the rules are already clear. All of this sets us up to be the global leader across a variety of products and our three customer groups. Crypto is the most important technology we have to update the financial system globally, and Coinbase is the leading company in this space. With that, I'll hand it over to you, Alesia, to tell us more about our Q2 performance.
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Brian. So as Brian shared, in Q2, we made good progress on our journey to build an increasingly efficient and financially disciplined company. As he said, we generated $194 million of adjusted EBITDA, and we generated $156 million of cash. We ended the second quarter with a total of $5.5 billion of resources on our balance sheet. I want to shift and talk about the drivers of our results, starting with the macro backdrop and then discuss the financial performance. In Q2, crypto volatility, which is a key input into our trading business, continued to decline, and it reached multiyear lows. Our trading volume declined 37% in this environment. But importantly, it outperformed the global spot market, which declined 48% as we gained market share in the quarter. This provides the backdrop to our transaction revenue. The low volatility environment contributed to transaction revenue of $327 million, which was down 13% quarter-over-quarter. The average blended fees for both consumer and institutional increased quarter-over-quarter. This increase in fees was driven by a mix shift of trading volume. We offered a simple and advanced trading experience in retail, we offer training to the exchange and through the Prime platform and institutional, the fees differ by product and the mix shift drove an increase in fee rate during the quarter. Subscription and services revenue was $335 million and exceeded our outlook. The outperformance was driven by Blockchain Rewards, notably higher rewards and higher asset prices. In addition, we saw a higher percentage of cash invested in accounts that generate interest income. On the expense side, we continue to operate with a heightened focus on cost and efficiency. As Brian mentioned, our quarterly recurring operating expenses these are technology and development, general and administrative, sales and marketing, are down nearly 50% compared to the second quarter of 2022 when we really started to focus on financial discipline. In Q2, our total operating expenses were $781 million. Our recurring operating expenses were $664 million and lower than our outlook, mostly driven by our ongoing operational efficiencies. We provide a lot of detail in our letter. Lastly, I want to turn to our outlook for the third quarter. In our letter, we note that July transaction revenue was approximately $110 million. We expect subscription services revenue to be at least $300 million, assuming no material changes due to asset on platform or the average crypto market capitalization compared to the end of July. In terms of our expenses, we expect tech and dev and G&A to be between $575 million and $625 million, which is a slight increase from Q2 levels. This increase is driven by our stock-based compensation expenses. Due to our stock-based compensation recognition timing, we will have elevated Q3 levels, but we expect the second half of 2023 to be largely consistent with the first half of 2023. We expect sales and marketing to be consistent with Q2 at $80 million to $90 million. as the lower Q3 spending from our NBA partnership is being offset by higher USTC reward payouts to customers. To conclude, I want to reaffirm our goal of improving adjusted EBITDA in absolute terms on a year-over-year basis. With that, Anil, back to you and let's take some questions.
A - Anil Gupta: Thank you, both. So let's turn to questions. We are taking the most uploaded questions as determined by the number of shares and may combine questions and touch on the same theme. For the first one, starting with the big picture, a number of the most asked questions from shareholders touch on the next 3 to 5 years in crypto and for Coinbase. Maybe a question for you, Brian. What do you think your hope happens to the crypto industry over the next 3 to 5 years? And what does Coinbase's role in that look like?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. So there's a couple of big themes that we think about over the next 3 to 5 years. So scalability, regulatory clarity, driving utility in crypto, that's nontrading, these are 3 of them. I'll touch on each one briefly and then talk about our role in Coinbase. So in terms of scalability, having more scalable blockchains, it's hard to overstate the importance of this. It's -- again, it's kind of like the Internet moving from dial-up to broadband. I think it's going to unlock a lot of new use cases. It's going to make things like payments more viable. Today, unfortunately, on Layer 1 solutions, it's still fairly slow, fairly expensive to get payments to final confirmation. And ultimately, we hope to get every team in crypto under 1 cent and in 1 second 12th confirmation, and that would be a real game changer globally. The second one is -- and by the way, the way that that's going to happen is these Layer 2 solutions, right? Coinbase has our own initiative there around Base, but there's many others out there, Lightning and Optimism, Polygon, et cetera, which are really good efforts here. The second big trend here is around regulatory clarity, which I mentioned in my opening comments. So the status quo really isn't working here. We're getting -- there's conflicting statements being made by the 2 federal regulators in the U. S., the CFTC and the SEC. There's consumers being harmed, as we all know. It's just not a level playing field, where internationally, companies like Coinbase, are welcomed with open arms. There's a clear regulatory framework, for instance, the Mico [ph] legislation that we saw passed in Europe, but the U.K., Singapore, Brazil, every financial hub out there is really making an effort to pass legislation and they're, frankly, ahead of where the U. S. is. So we were excited and really heartened to see that a few weeks ago that the Market Structure Bill and the Bill didn’t pass the committees in the House, and that's a really important first step, and we're hoping that the U.S. can build on that to get going even further. I guess the last one here I'll touch on is about utility. So again, trading was the big use case in the early days of the crypto, but it's already started to move away from that. Things like stablecoins for payments, DeFi, NFTs, these have already gotten substantial traction. But I think with Layer 2 solutions coming online, these can get much, much bigger. There's an analogy that -- an example I think it's interesting to look at around text messages, I think, at their peak, reached about 25 billion text messages a day. But when WhatsApp came online, it got to 100 billion, 125 billion messages a day. And it just showed you, people wanting to send more text messages. It's just that the friction was high. It costs a little bit too much. The friction internationally was there. The features weren't there. And so I think the same thing that happened with payments and various types of utility with these new types of decentralized identity and messaging and things built in this crypto-native way, the demand for it will go much higher as the friction is reduced. And there still is a lot of friction in the way money moves around the world today. So those are a couple of things on the horizon. Coinbase has a big role to play here. With scalability, I mentioned we're working on Base with regulatory clarity, I talked about how we're organizing our users in DC with Stand with Crypto. We're doing our own court case to get case law created. We're also supporting these legislative efforts in Congress. Around utility, we're building a lot of this stuff natively into our own products, right? So just try to make all these things, enterprise identity and DeFi, NFTs, stablecoins just make it easier to easier to use, how people interface with Layer 2 solutions as well. So I think Coinbase is really the only company in the world that has the trust and the scale internationally and the expertise around crypto to actually make this happen. And that's a really important thing that we can go do.
Anil Gupta: Next question. Recent enforcement actions remain top of mind for many shareholders. To that end, can you give an update on the litigation process with the SEC? What are the key issues at stake? And how should we think about the time line and milestones from here? Paul?
Paul Grewal: Thanks, Anil. Well, with respect to the litigation with the SEC, I want to be very clear, we do think we can win. We expect to win. But it's important to understand that our goal across not just the litigation but all of our efforts engaging with the SEC and engaging with the US government as a whole is to achieve regulatory clarity to protect consumers, promote innovation and essentially establish clear rules of the road that everyone can understand and follow. We think that's how we all win regardless of the outcome of any particular case. And that's why while we are focused on the enforcement action; we are also focused on legislation and other efforts that may provide the clarity that I speak of. Now the reason why we are so focused on pushing for regulatory clarity here in the US is that at present, under the status quo, we have very conflicting messages about what the law provides, especially considering that many of these laws were written well-before the Internet even existed. Take, for example, conflicting statements from the Chair of the SEC and the Chair of the CFTC on whether Ethereum is the security. More consider the fact that the Chair of the SEC has taken very different positions in just the last two years about whether or not there are even regulatory authorities that apply to cryptocurrency exchanges like Coinbase. So the outcome in any particular case. It's clarity that we ultimately define as winning. Now let me talk a bit about the case. Obviously, we are disappointed that despite our good faith efforts and our efforts to be as transparent as possible with the commission and with the markets as a whole, the SEC did choose to bring an enforcement action against us earlier this summer. And in response to that, we are pushing and hard and making the same point that we have made throughout this entire challenge. Number one, the Coinbase does not list securities on its platform. We have a lot of confidence in that because of rigorous asset review process that we've undertaken. Number two, that the SEC lacks any authority to regulate digital asset exchanges, exactly in the way in which acknowledged when he testified the Congress to that effect in May of 2021. And third, that when the SEC declared our registration statement effective in April of 2021, a month earlier, it never suggested whatsoever that there was any requirement to register. So what happens next? Well, tomorrow, as it turns out, in our case in the Southern New York, we will be moving the court for an order dismissing the case in its entirety. And we're going to be submitting a brief to that effect, which lays out all of our arguments for the court consideration, which we expected to be fully submitted and taking under consideration at the end of October. We have full confidence in the argument we're making to the court. We're certainly grateful for the opportunity the court has provided us to be heard early in the case after we've been working so hard and so long for clarity. Regardless, again, of any particular outcome on any motion or any court case, clarity itself is the goal. That's how we define winning, and that could come either through a court decision or legislation passed by Congress.
Anil Gupta: Thanks, Paul. Our next question is, how does Coinbase plan to derive revenue directly or indirectly from the upcoming Base L2 platform? Does this hurt trading volumes by encouraging more users to go on-chain away from Coinbase? Brian?
Brian Armstrong: Yes, I can take this one. So first, I just want to correct a misconception in the question itself. So the question asked, will more users go on-chain away from Coinbase? Coinbase is fully embracing on-chain. And actually, I think it's going to be the easiest way to access everything you want to do on-chain. This is actually nothing new. It's been that way for a long time, even 10 years ago when Coinbase was live, we allow people -- when you're sending and receiving transactions, for instance, those would happen on-chain when you sent on and off the platform. And in more recent years, we've allowed people to access decentralized exchanges, various smart contract protocols through Coinbase Wallet and we've made that easier and easier in the main retail app as well. So just to be clear, we want Coinbase to be the easiest way to access everything on chain. We think on-chain is a very important part of where this industry is going. And people are going to do that with Coinbase. So those are not contradictory items. Now, I think the heart of the question really asks about how we're going to monetize directly and indirectly Base, which is our Layer 2 solution. And just a quick background, everybody is not fully aware today, blockchains transactions are happening on what's called Layer 1. And they tend to be a little bit -- they take longer to confirm. There's a little bit of a higher transaction fee and so. The industry has been working for a long time and how to make that more scalable, how to make it lower cost, how to make it easier for developers to build on what's called Layer 2. It's kind of like, again, the Internet moving from dial-up to broadband. So Coinbase has tried to help this happen as a company in the space, driving innovation. And on top of the optimism stack, which is one of the Layer 2 protocols, we've launched our own Layer 2 solution called Base, which is being decentralized over time. And a lot of developer interest has happened, and there's a lot of activities we're doing around that. So how will we monetize it? Well, the short answer is that Base will be monetized through what are called sequencer fees. These are -- sequencer fees can be earned when any transaction is executed on Base and basically, Coinbase can run one of these sequencers as others can over time. Now indirectly, it helps us monetize as well because it helps us grow the size of the pit. It helps us grow the ecosystem. Again, it comes back to these Internet analogies. But if we can make the utility that much better, the payments faster and cheaper globally, more and more people will use crypto every day, and that's how indirectly it will just help our business grow. So I'll leave it there.
Anil Gupta: Thanks Brian. Okay. We'll take one more before jumping into live questions. So, question from a shareholder based on some recent news, how will Coinbase generate revenue from its custody of the upcoming spot ETFs. Emilie?
Emilie Choi: Sure. Well, we're proud to be on this journey with some of the world's most trusted financial leaders. The primary way that we'll monetize in the near-term is via AUCCs. And then down the line, we think there's a good deal of ancillary revenue that we can generate from things like settlement and other services. The reason we're excited is that this really should expand the pie and create positive impacts for the space. It should broaden our reach and we'll bring new people and institutions into the crypto economy. Should these applications get approved, it should broaden the reach of the asset class that some of the biggest institutions in the world seek to gain exposure to Bitcoin and eventually to other crypto assets for the very first time. It will generally create more legitimacy of the asset class. ETF should also increase liquidity and market stability as we've seen with other asset classes, and it increases revenue opportunities for many industry participants are self-included. We're proud that Coinbase is at the center of applications. And as you know, these institutions have rigorous diligence processes. We've been selected by many of the high-quality applicants because of the capabilities and brand we've built. ETF applicants have selected Coinbase due to our compliance pedigree customer trust and scale. So, how does Coinbase add economic value to these ETFs and their issuers? We offer, first and foremost, secure crypto custody. And over the longer term, we'll explore ways to drive monetization via settlement, advanced trading and API reporting. We're also entering into bilateral surveillance sharing agreements with major ETF listing exchanges, including the NASDAQ and [indiscernible]. We're definitely in the early innings, and it's important to note that these products are still going through the registration and approval process. So, I just want to emphasize that while the whole opportunity is exciting and has the potential to expand crypto adoption, there's a lot of work to the ETFs are even approved and available, but the future is very exciting.
Anil Gupta: Okay. Thanks, Emilie. Tamika, let's open it up and take questions from the analysts.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Hey good evening. Thanks so much. I guess first question on just the market share backdrop. So, trading volumes, I think, were down 37% quarter-on-quarter, but the global spot market was down 48% quarter-over-quarter, which you mentioned. So, that obviously indicates some market share gains. And so I'd just love to talk about the competitive landscape. And particularly, if that's changing quite a bit here, just speaking to the opportunity for the firm to capture additional market share from here and just the things that you're doing to position to gain more market share, it seems like you did just this past? Thanks
Brian Armstrong: Yes, I'll start it off and then Felicia feel free to jump in. So, I think, in general, we've seen a flight to quality. And that's been really a validating of our long-term strategy at Coinbase, right? We've always tried to take this perspective of let's do the right thing, let's follow the rules. let's work with regulators around the world. Let's go out and advocate for regulation when it doesn't exist. And if the rules aren't clear, let's do the right thing kind of what we think they would be if and when they come around. So, that wasn't always the easiest approach to follow. It caused us to have to move slower at times. But I think it's been the right approach. So for instance, we did see that gain in share with simple trading in the US. There's a variety of factors that could go into that, but we did see buy-in US exit the market, which could have been one of the factors. We have seen other markets around the world, for instance, in the UK where buy-ins exited and we saw our share gain. Now I think buy-ins offered a lots of different products and services, not all of those we are going to be able to offer, frankly, We may not be allowed to offer. So I want to make sure temper people's expectations a little bit there, but for instance, we launched our Derivatives Exchange internationally in the last quarter, we recognize that as a very important part of the market that historically, we hadn't really been playing in. We think that's a good opportunity to go and invest in, and we're going to continue to do that in more and more markets around the world. But as in everything we do, we're going to do it in a compliant and trusted, legal, regulated way. And so we may not be able to offer everything that competitors have offered in the past. That being said, I think it's the right long-term solution. And so hopefully, we continue to gain share where people start to value trust and compliance and a flight to quality.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Terrific. Just a follow-up here on institutional adoption. Obviously, regulatory challenges continue to be an overhang, but the summary judgment was seemingly something to help build some confidence here for a number of folks. I'd love to maybe hear about some of the green shoots that you're seeing in your business or takeaways from the state of the Crypto Summit may indicate that institutions are either beginning to reenter the market or actually more active in the market, or is this just really we need to see comprehensive legislation for a step function improvement?
Alesia Haas: I'll offer some comments there. We are really excited to see the engagement at the State of the Crypto Summit that you mentioned earlier. We brought together over 400 institutions that included hedge funds, asset managers, also included some global regulators and others. And the spirit here is everybody is building. As we also shared in my remarks, we've seen growth in our Prime platform quarter-over-quarter. So despite the market volume being down, that was an area where we did see growth, and we're seeing more and more institutions put money to the space. I think we can also see this period of institutional adoption through these ETF applications that Emilie spoke about earlier as well. So we're seeing institutions continuing to build through the markets, whether it's ups and down in volatility or whether it's through regulatory headlines. They recognize the long-term value of this asset class, and we're seeing momentum on that front.
Devin Ryan: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson.
Lisa Ellis: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I had a follow-up question maybe, Brian, for you on the priority you raised around scalability and driving scalability in crypto over the next in order to shift beyond trading and into other utility-oriented use cases over these next several years. Just thinking the Layer 2 solutions have been around now, I think Lightning was started back in 2015. What is it that has to happen to kind of break that freight? What's been holding back the usage of these Layer 2 solutions to increase scalability in crypto and utility for things like payments or things like identity, as you said, just faster transaction speeds, lower cost transaction speeds? Like just from our perspective, kind of as observers may be more in this space, like what are the signposts that we should be watching for to sort of see that progress happening? Thanks.
Brian Armstrong: Yeah, it's a good question because if I go back to 2015, I probably would have thought it would have happened faster. There was a couple -- we did a deep dive back then on Lightning. And it was very nascent. It was frankly a little bit complex, just the way that liquidity pools have to be spun up, how transactions could be received and send an on a mobile device where the app is not always in the foreground. These were the types of challenges that we saw early on. And at that point back in 2015, we determined Lightning wasn't ready. We've been taking a fresh look at it, and there's been a number of really great teams from different companies working on open source solutions and some proprietary ones that are trying to help advance the state of technology there. I think the Layer 2 solutions on Ethereum, like Polygon and Optimism and Arbitrum, Base is built on one of those, Optimism, have -- they've actually gotten more adoption. I'm not trying to make a -- we're supportive of every innovation in the industry, and there's kind of -- everybody has their favorite one. And so we're -- we always have to be a little bit neutral, but the way that you can track the adoption of these things, actually, a lot of the data is public and it's online because the blockchains are public themselves. So, for instance, you can go look at the daily number of transactions happening on Ethereum Layer 2. You can look at the TBL metric, which total value locked. There's various sites out there like DeFi, LAMA, and places like that, you can go track some of this publicly available data. We actually have seen a pretty nice growth. We have seen pretty nice growth in Ethereum Layer 2, just in the last, I'd say, like three to six months. And so a lot of it comes down to usability challenges as well. So if you're an average user, they don't really want to know or maybe they don't even care like about these -- what is it doing underneath, like the average user doesn't want to have to learn how to bridge from Layer 1 to Layer 2 to send their payment. They just want to pay for something and it, “just works”. So I think what needs to happen, and this is something Coinbase can really help on is we can make this seamless in the background. So if somebody goes to pay for something online or a friend or a remittance payment or something like that, it should really negotiate almost do a handshake underneath that would say, okay, what types of cryptocurrencies on what chains and is this recipient accepting, and which ones do I have? And it would basically do the bridge or the conversion real time for you underneath. And so you would just see the amount of dollars or something like that that is going over the wire, and it arrives in one second with one send. That's kind of -- and you don't have to worry about Layer 2 and all these kind of things. That's the ideal outcome we need to get to, and a lot of hard work and computer science needs to go into making all of that seamless. So -- and it's a coordination problem amongst the industry, too, because everybody has their own favorite solution, and that's a good thing. I'm glad a lot of ideas are being tried. But we can help by enabling the best ones and rallying people around good solutions so that we get a little bit more consistency, interoperability across the industry as well.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Todaro with Needham & Company.
John Todaro: Hey, great. Thanks for taking my question. First, I just wanted to drill into the take rate a little bit more because it looks like it expanded to the highest level since a public company. So first off, I guess if the advanced rate mix goes down, is there room for it to expand further from here? And then as a follow-up to that, if so, kind of how confident are you that you can continue to increase retail spread before maybe you do start to lose some market share, some migration away?
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the question, John. So in Q2, this was mix shift as we shared. So if you just think about simple math and you say we had zero advanced trading as a scenario, this blended average fee would then be higher for retail because it would reflect the entire simple platform. So a concentration of simple versus advanced in consumer will change the number meaningfully period-over-period. As we said earlier in the prepared remarks, we did see a greater decline on advanced than we did on simple in the quarter, which is what's driving what you see is the performance of that blended fee. But that fee in Q2 is just math. Broadly on your question, we did raise spread as we shared in Q1, that was a Q1 event, and we haven't seen any meaningful change in our consumer behavior from that event. We monitored that very closely. We experimented our fees on a regular basis, and we think that's part of just building a healthy business to understand pricing with our customers. So trust is our premium brand that we're selling, Product diversity is what we're selling, the experience, the app platform that Brian mentioned earlier, and we think we have a differentiated product in the market. And so we are hoping to price that appropriately.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bo Pei with US Tiger Securities.
Bo Pei: Thanks for taking the question. So I just want to stay a little bit deeper to the retail trading fee rate question. So what is the average rate for advanced trading and non-advanced trading, respectively? And do you think the same dynamics could will sustain in 3Q? And then my second question is, despite the recent ways of the big, big clients ETF educations, the USDC market has been declining. But on the other hand, you mentioned the growth of Prime indicators -- institutions are still investing in crypto. Do you think on a net basis, the U.S. institutions are losing interest in crypto? And when can we see a turning point for U.S. market cap?
Alesia Haas: Let me start with the fees and then Brian or Emilie, if you want to talk about USDC and US institutions. So on the fees, we have multiple products within the retail and on the institutional side. So within retailer consumer, we have simple trading. we have advanced trading, we have Coinbase 1. And then underneath that, we have the crypto and crypto. So I can't give you a specific blended average for each of these products. There's also a tiered fees on the advanced product. What I can tell you is that our fees are transparent that they're posted for customers, and so customers know what the fee is before they execute a trade on our platform. So then the blended average fee rate, which we report, is just a mix shift. It is math that results from the trading behavior of our clients on our platform. So I can't give you what we expect in Q3. There's nothing that we do rather than focus on driving engagement, driving revenue, that is our primary goal. Shifting gears and talking about USDC, as Brian shared earlier, we did see a decline in USDC market cap as a result of the banking crisis in Q1. So I think we all know that when Silicon Valley Bank sale, USDC had a depeg that precipitated a decline in USDC market cap. We are working collaboratively with Circle and to try and stabilize USDC and to grow, and we made our own numerous product initiatives in Q2, to try and engage further. I think, Brian, maybe you want to share again what we think really the opportunity for stablecoins broadly is around these Layer 2 solutions?
Brian Armstrong: Yeah, sure I mean Just one or two other quick comments on the market cap. I think this is public as well, actually moved some of their funds from into another stablecoin. But I think the data we have in the last six or seven weeks, I believe, that the USDC market cap is up net of that. And so that's an important data point. I think there was also a perception that emerged just about US regulatory risk, and there was sort of this perception that USDC had more of a US nexus than Tether or something like that. And to be honest, I'm not sure how well informed that is because, of course, Tether is storing US dollars as well. And any bank, whether it's in the US or not that's storing US dollars kind of needs to have a corresponding bench relationship, and it's within the nexus or purview of the U. government. So I think -- I'm not sure how well informed that perception was, but it sometimes perception is reality. Yes. I mean, to Alesia's point, I think that we're very bullish on stable coins. I think that it's an important use case. It's an important stepping stone to getting people access to better financial services. And then ultimately, I think -- by the way, longer term, I think we could see Bitcoin and sort of these more deflationary assets start to be used more as currencies and money as well. But today, people have such a high expected upside on it that they're not willing to spend it in high enough quantity. So anyway, I'll pause there, but those are our high-level thoughts on the market cap.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Owen Lau, Oppenheimer.
Q – Owen Lau: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. could you please give us more color on the traction on Coinbase international exchange? I think you have 15 institutions, $5.5 billion in contract volume. So what's the next step? And when do you expect revenue to be more material? Yeah. 
A – Brian Armstrong: Yes. So it's definitely early days on Coinbase's Derivative Exchange. We've really just kind of launched it in Q2 with a small handful of clients, as you said, really kind of like a beta launch API only. So some of the next steps that we'll be working on are integrating it into our -- our retail app. This advanced trading for retail customers is important. We'll be launching it in our prime app for institutions. We'll be expanding it to more geographies as well. And there's various licensing requirements in the major markets around the world to get that working. Our customers have also asked for features around unified margin and additional kind of financing and leverage-type features. So those are some of the things on the horizon. You can track the data is public just around the volume of the books that we have there live today on our site, And you can -- we'll also be adding more books. That's the other thing I should mention. Today, we just have four books live, two of them got added just in the last week or so. We’ll be adding more books as well. So those are all next things that we need to do A lot of work to do to get that to be where we want it to be, and it's definitely very early days. So we're not really commenting on the revenue piece of it yet.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Dan Dolev from Mizuho.
Dan Dolev: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I really appreciate it. We were talking about the -- you mentioned the share gains. But if I look at our data, at least when you compare to some of your key competitors in the US like Robinhood. I mean it seems like you are seeing some share. And my question is, do you think that's true? And if yes, like is it because the price hikes you're seeing some pushback from the users, or is there any sense of that? Thank you very much.
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the question, Dan. So as we said, we experiment heavily with any fee change that we roll out to our users, and we're not seeing any change in behavior based on fee changes that we made in Q1 on our platform. We're really excited to see Robinhood's growth in the crypto, we think it broadens the users who are interested in cryptos and asset class. We are heartened to see more and more companies and crypto to their portfolios. One of the ways that we differentiate ourselves is that we're a crypto native company and that we're looking to build more crypto-native experiences for our users such as staking is a big one. But then increasingly, the integration to our DAP marketplace and the ability to use applications on chain. So we think that we offer a differentiated product suite. And that, over time, this will really attract and grow users to our platform.
Brian Armstrong: Yes, I'll just add to that. I think we -- generally, it's important to just grow the size of the pie here. Crypto is still an infancy livelihood. We generally mean this when we said we want crypto to be integrated into every financial service business out there. But fintech apps, neobanks, traditional banks, traditional financial service companies, these ETFs, right? Like we don't view it as zero sum. We view it as positive sum. And -- the goal is really to help update the financial system globally, and we need to do that. We needed this to be integrated in all kinds of products and services out there. And to Lisa's point earlier, we didn't really see any material change in fees in Q2. So I don't think that's something that would have driven that in this case.
Anil Gupta: Tamika, we’ve got time for one more question, please.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Ben Budish with Barclays.
Ben Budish: Hi, good evening and thanks for taking the question. I wanted to circle back to the question kind of around simple versus advanced trader. I think since like last December, it seemed like the simple trader has been kind of remarkably consistent, whereas the advanced trader sort of comes and goes with market volatility. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the sort of different customer profiles you see? How do they kind of compare? Is it sort of a demographic or an income or sort of interest level thing because I think the we would sort of assume that maybe the advanced trader is more engaged, but it seems like the simple trader is there quite consistently. So what are your kind of reads on the sort of characteristics of these customer types other than the choice they're making with how to trade?
Brian Armstrong: Yes, there's -- it's tough to answer to your question because it's a wide variety of different people who are accessing it. I do think that -- so when we think pro trader, it could mean a variety of things, right? It could mean sort of like a Pro trader [ph] or semi pro, they may actually be trading through our interface, they're more sensitive on fees. They're more interested in short-term trading, where the simple traders may be doing more buy and hold, setting up a weekly or a monthly kind of recurring buy that dollar cost averaging type stuff, which can be more consistent. Now I think procreator could also mean hedge funds and the largest market makers in the world and pension funds and endowments and sovereign wealth funds, so it really runs a wide gamut. I think that we have more work to do to serve the Pro trader segment of the market with some of those features that I mentioned around more order books, derivatives, trading, ways for them to get leverage is a big one, unified margin. And so I think in those I think as we mature our product offering around the Pro traders, which we still have more work to do. I think hopefully, we will see that in -- even in up and down markets, we'll see more activity be more sticky there because Pro traders in theory, I think you're right. They should be able to find opportunities to trade whether the market is -- no matter what the market is doing. So yeah, I think we need to mature our Pro trader offering a bit and that may emerge over time.
Ben Budish: I appreciate it. Thanks for the color.
Anil Gupta: Okay. Well, that does it for today. Thank you all for joining us, and we look forward to speaking to you again on our next call.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-04 17:15:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coinbase First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. All lines have been on mute to prevent any background noise. After speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Anil Gupta, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Anil Gupta: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to the Coinbase first quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Brian Armstrong, Co-Founder and CEO; Emilie Choi, President and COO; Alesia Haas, CFO; and Paul Grewal, Chief Legal Officer. I hope you've all had the opportunity to read our shareholder letter, which was published on our Investor Relations website earlier today. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause these results to differ is included in our SEC filings. Our discussion today will also include references to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in the shareholder letter on our Investor Relations website. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for GAAP measures. We are once again using the Say Technologies platform to enable our shareholders to post questions. In addition, we will take some live questions from our research analysts. So with that, I'll turn it over to Brian and Alicia for opening comments.
Brian Armstrong: Thanks, Anil. So I think it's always helpful to zoom out and remind everyone why Coinbase exists with our mission and vision. And our mission at Coinbase is to increase economic freedom in the world. We think crypto is the most important technology out there to do that. So many people today, they're still thinking about crypto as an asset class that people like to trade, and that certainly is part of it. But it's actually a technology that can be used to update many different aspects of the financial system. And we think that's really important because 80% of Americans believe the financial system doesn't work for them. They see issues with it. They see that it's too slow. It's too expensive. There isn't equal access for everyone and that's not really surprising. A lot of the traditional financial system is running on outdated code with laws that, in some cases, are 100 years old. So crypto can help improve this. It can help make payments fast and cheap and global like sending an e-mail. It can improve settlement times, it can reduce fees. It can even tokenize different asset classes to make markets more efficient and help with non-financial use cases like decentralized identity or voting and new types of ways for artists to monetize their content. So if you think of crypto as technology to update the financial system, it's also kind of the next generation of the Internet, if you will, what people are calling Web3. And Coinbase has a very important role to play here where people's primary financial account in the crypto economy, making it trusted and easy to use, and we're going to hopefully help bring the power of this technology to eventually 1 billion or more people someday. So with that background, I just want to touch on two areas that are most relevant for Q1. The first one is going to be about how we've shifted the business to operate more efficiently in this down market by driving positive adjusted EBITDA in Q1. And secondly, we're going to talk about how we've had a really impressive pace of product innovation, again, even in this down market, operating in a more lean environment. So let's talk about operating more efficiently. Q1 marked a real turning point in our financial performance. Revenue was up and costs were down. So net revenue increased 22% quarter-over-quarter, while we decreased total operating expenses 24% quarter-over-quarter. The net result of this is that we had positive adjusted EBITDA in Q1. We're better positioned at Coinbase to generate adjusted EBITDA in all market conditions as I mentioned on our last earnings call. And to cut the expenses 24% quarter-over-quarter, we had to take a close look at every investment we're making, every vendor we work with, every dollar that goes out the door and frankly, even every headcount in the company. And we ask ourselves how can we do more with less to be a more efficient company. We conducted a reduction in force in January. We reduced costs substantially from our top five vendors by rebuilding parts of our technology stack to do things like optimizing data storage and CPU utilization in the cloud. We also reduced our real estate footprint to achieve additional savings. And just in general, took a much scrappier approach with more nimble teams. All of this, of course, we continue to have a strong balance sheet of $5.3 billion of USD resources. And with this more nimbler, efficient team, we've still been able to ship an incredible amount of product. So that's my second topic here. Let's talk about how we've been continuing to drive product innovation in the crypto space. We have a more nimble team, and we're also in a bit of a down market in crypto. And I've said this in the past that actually I think down markets are the best time to do the building of new things. Because in the upmarket, things seem to be growing so fast that we often have to focus most of our time on scaling. And so we've gotten a chance to build a lot of great stuff even as we've become more efficient and some recent examples of that just in the last week, we launched our International Exchange, which helps us get into the derivative space. We acquired One River Asset Management, which helps us get into the asset management business. I think this could be a really interesting source of subscription and services revenue over time. We launched our Base Layer 2 solution which is a really important way for us to help scale blockchain. This is going to be one of the most important ways we unlock the next wave of crypto adoption. And we launched something called wallet-as-a-service, which is an important part of our Coinbase offering. It helps any business out there integrate crypto custody into their services. So just zooming out, crypto, obviously, go through many up and down cycles, but the best companies in the world, including the most trusted brands like Coinbase, they tend to get stronger in down markets. This is the fourth crypto cycle that Coinbase has been through, and we've emerged stronger after each one of them. So I think we've built a really resilient business here. We've diversified our revenue stream away from trading fees, and we're in a really strong financial position with positive adjusted EBITDA in Q1. With that, let me turn it over to Alesia to discuss our financial details -- our financial results in more detail.
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Brian. I'm going to start with our market conditions and the trading volume in the quarter. Average crypto market cap increased 16% quarter-over-quarter. Meanwhile, crypto asset volatility increased 8% quarter-over-quarter. And it's important to note that crypto asset volatility remained at multiyear lows. Consumer trading volume grew in line with the overall U.S. spot market and 5% quarter-over-quarter. And on the institutional side, trading volume was roughly flat, and we made an intentional trade-off to focus on revenue over market share by removing some discounts, and I'll talk about those in a minute. We're really happy to show that trading volume through our prime application reached record volumes in the first quarter. Against this backdrop, we generated $736 million in net revenue, a 22% quarter-over-quarter increase and we saw revenue growth across the board. Transaction revenues increased 16% quarter-over-quarter to $375 million. Consumer revenue grew 14% quarter-over-quarter and we grew trading volume in fiat to crypto faster than the market. Fiat to crypto is the market where we are strongest and it's also the market where the majority of revenue is generated in the spot market. Institutional revenue grew 67% quarter-over-quarter and this was driven by our decision to roll back aspects of our discounted pricing for certain market maker clients. Again, this is an intentional trade-off on our part. Subscription and services revenue grew 28% quarter-over-quarter to $362 million, which exceeded the high end of our outlook range. This strong increase was driven by a growth in market cap, notably with Bitcoin and Ethereum prices in the quarter, and this contributed better-than-expected revenue, particularly across staking and custody. We also saw growth in interest income, in particular, our USDC revenue, which was driven by higher interest rates. Switching to the expense side. as Brian shared, total operating expenses declined 24% quarter-over-quarter to $896 million. This is the lowest level of expense we've seen since Q1 of 2021. Included in this number includes $144 million of one-time restructuring charges related to our January headcount reduction. When I look at recurring operating expense, including technology and development, general and administrative and sales and marketing, fees would have collectively declined 37% quarter-over-quarter. Lastly, it's important for me to note, stock-based compensation declined 54% quarter-over-quarter to $199 million. Combined, these results generated a net loss of $79 million and a return to positive adjusted EBITDA of $284 million. Brian shared that we ended the quarter with $5.3 billion of USD resources. I want to note that while corporate cash declined $172 million quarter-over-quarter, this spend included $204 million in one-time items, and we deployed $112 million towards our financing products. We saw inflows of custodial cash and crypto during the quarter and we believe this is a direct result of our trusted brand and ongoing commitment to risk management. To touch briefly on the bank failures in Q1, we maintained operational and risk excellence throughout the banking turbulence. We experienced no loss of corporate or customer funds, and we largely maintained business as usual operations. As of today, we replaced lost banking services, we've rebuilt our layers of redundancy and we've restored access to 24/7 instant settlement, which is a critical infrastructure component to our market maker clients. Next and last, I want to turn to our outlook for Q2. Crypto market cap and asset volatility have diverged in Q2 compared to Q1. In April, we've seen average capital market cap up 17%, while volatility was down 25%. This market dynamic is reflected in our April transaction revenue, which is approximately $110 million. Again, I need to caution investors to not extrapolate these results. We here at Coinbase continue to run scenarios where crypto market cap could increase, decrease or remain flat from these levels. So I want to shift and talk about the more predictable elements of our business. We expect subscription and services revenue in Q2 to be around $300 million. This decline is largely driven by USDC market cap which fell 23% in April from the Q1 average levels directly correlated with the banking crisis. For Q2, we anticipate technology and development and general and administrative expenses will be between $600 million and $650 million and that sales and marketing will be between $80 million and $90 million. We expect higher general and administrative expenses due to higher legal expenses and a short-term increase in our rent expense associated with the lease termination. We also expect some seasonal spend associated with our NBA partnership to increase our sales and marketing for the quarter. We don't anticipate any meaningful changes to our headcount. Overall, I just want to repeat what Brian said that Q1 marked a real turning point in our effort to operate a more efficient company. We're controlling what we can control and are really pleased with our execution and financial results. Anil, back to you for Q&A.
Anil Gupta: Great. Thank you both. So with that, we'll turn to shareholder questions. We're taking the most uploaded questions as determined by the number of shares, and we might combine some questions that touch on the same themes. So the first question is, is Coinbase planning to build a deck that uses Base, Brian?
Brian Armstrong: Yeah. So for Base, if people don't know, Base is our Layer 2 solution that is helping scale the blockchains and allow developers to build all kinds of different applications. We at Coinbase don't have any specific effort to build a deck at the moment. Our main goal is to just build the ecosystem and actually get Base from testnet to mainnet. So I just want to temper people's expectations a little bit. Base is still on testnet, we're still trying to build it out. And in the future, I hope that people are able to build all kinds of things with it, and that's actually one of many possibilities. The last comment I'll just make is that I think this is such a great example of the breadth of innovation we're able to do right now. Base is a really on-chain, crypto-forward effort that's been really awesome to see come out of Coinbase. At the same time, we've been launching innovation in our centralized aspects of our company like our international exchange that's entering the derivative space. So it's been really cool to see the breadth of innovation happening at the company right now.
Anil Gupta: Next question from a number of shareholders is, if we have plans to move operations outside of the U.S. and what the implications would be? So some specific questions are, is Coinbase leaving the U.S.? Are we willing to fight tooth and nail before making a move out of the country? And how are you thinking about the prospect of moving operations outside of the U.S. and what would the implications be for U.S. customers, if you did? Brian?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. So let me be clear, we're 100% committed to the U.S. I founded this company in the United States because I saw that rule of law prevails here. That's really important. And I'm actually really optimistic on the U.S. getting this right. When I go visit DC, there is strong bipartisan support for Congress to come in and create new legislation that would create a clear rule book in the U.S. And I think it's really important for America to get this right. There's a number of other countries around the world, pretty much every other major financial hub or they're vying to take the top spot here in the crypto space. And so the rhetoric that we're seeing from the U.K. or Hong Kong or Singapore, et cetera., it's a little different. It's more optimistic, frankly, than the U.S. right now. But the EU actually has already passed comprehensive crypto legislation, so they're actually kind of in the lead at this point. But I really think that U.S. is going to get this right. And we're a global company. So we started in America. We have a big mandate to be an international, a multinational company, and we want to serve as many people around the world as we can. Obviously, we have to make choices about where we're going to allocate our capital every year. And so we do look at where we could think that can have the greatest ROI. But yeah, the leading financial centers, they're all working to create responsible crypto rules and clarity right now and the U.S. is going to follow suit, I believe.
Anil Gupta: Our next question is when is Coinbase is expected to be a profitable company like PayPal or Cash App, Alesia?
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the question. So when we went public, we shared that there's volatility in our business and that our business performance historically had been commensurate with crypto asset price cycles. So we have had periods in the past where we've been net income positive, and we had had periods in the past where we lost -- had net income loss. Last quarter, we spoke about our intention to evolve the business with a goal to generate positive adjusted EBITDA in all market conditions. That was the goal that we set forth. And we've been working hard towards that goal. And as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we believe Q1 was a turning point where we can really focus on lowering our expenses and operating more efficiently. And we believe these are setting the stages to get to a future place where we can generate positive EBITDA in all market conditions. I shared all the details on revenue and expense in my prepared comments. But what I want to emphasize here is, we're pleased to see the diversification of revenue in the business. We're continuing to invest down that path to ensure that we have revenue that is driven by different macro drivers. We're also seeing the benefits of increased cost efficiencies, and we've taken deep lessons from growing too quickly and believe that we are going to be prudent in our spend going forward. And last, we believe that this improved cost structure will serve us well to hit our goal for 2023, which is to improve adjusted EBITDA on a year-over-year basis.
Anil Gupta: Okay. Next up, we received several questions from shareholders regarding the SEC. So if Congress doesn't pass any bill for crypto, how many years do you expect Coinbase to fight the SEC in court for clarity. Will Coinbase be able to operate the business during that time? Should the SEC rule that all tokens other than Bitcoin and Etherium are securities. What would be the impact on Coinbase and what plan do you have to protect the investment of all stakeholders should this occur. Paul?
Paul Grewal: Let me just say at the beginning that we're committed to being transparent about our engagement with all of our regulators, including the SEC, as much as we can. We want to share that information with our customers, our stakeholders, investors, of course, as this process plays out over time. As for the engagement itself, unfortunately, despite our ongoing engagement with the commission, they have not been as clear about what their specific concerns are with Coinbase as we might like. And so I have to refrain from speculating too much. It's especially difficult to predict the time line of any potential SEC litigation that we might face. There are a number of factors that would apply. It would, of course, depend upon the type of case that the SEC chose to bring and the schedule that a court would set for that case. It could be lengthy, to be sure. And at the same time, we fully expect that we will be fully operational during whatever time period is required in order to resolve the matter. The last thing I'll just say on this is that the SEC, of course, itself does not get to decide which tokens are securities. It does not have that authority. What the SEC could do is begin the rule making process to set up standards for figuring out whether or not a given token is a security. And of course, we've repeatedly asked them for that. Those determinations ultimately are going to be made in court of law. And as that process plays out, we're going to continue to see regulatory clarity. And we're going to support legislation that we believe will be a value not just to Coinbase but the entire industry, which, of course, a going to protect the value and investments for all shareholders.
Alesia Haas: Maybe I can jump in and just talk a little bit about the business impact of these questions. Paul shared this, but it serves to reiterate that the Wells notice is a big -- among other things, it was not made clear to us which assets they take an issue with and so we're left to guess. But I want to assure you as part of our ongoing commitment to risk management and the way that we manage our business, we have proactively worked to identify a number of different scenarios and evaluate a number of different impacts to our business. I want to remind everyone listening to this call that staking represented roughly 3% of net revenue. I want to remind everyone that Bitcoin and Ethereum represent the majority of our trading volume and transaction revenue attributable to those assets. I also want to remind you that just under 20% of our business is international. So while this is a meaningful notice from the SEC, we have many different revenues that we are looking to grow on our platform, and we're looking for revenue diversification. So at this point, we're running scenarios and we feel really confident in our ability to operate through any of these scenarios and deliver on the financial objectives that we've laid out for this year, which is to improve adjusted EBITDA on a year-over-year basis.
Anil Gupta: Okay. So combining a couple of additional questions. Next one is what kind of new features are coming down the pipeline and what's the product road map for the next five years?
Brian Armstrong: Yeah. I can take that one. So just specifically on new features coming down the pipe, I mean, we try not to ever preannounce things. We try to announce them only when they're ready, not vaporware. So I'll just try to focus on the broader question here about the types of things that we think about putting on the road map over a longer time period. So to answer that, I'll talk about how we see crypto evolving over time. Now of course, crypto started as an asset class that people want to trade, and so a lot of the features that we launch are still around trading, both in the spot market and also with derivatives, as you heard with our international exchange. The second phase of crypto adoption, we think will really be about crypto as a new type of financial services or crypto as a technology to update the financial system. And so you've seen us launch products there around commerce, making global payments easier, staking, et cetera. And then the third phase of crypto adoption, we think will be about crypto powering the future of the Internet. So things that are not even necessarily related to financial services at all like this is commonly called Web3, but it could include everything from decentralized identity, voting and governance systems, games, social, et cetera. There's a long tail of new applications now being built with crypto. So we're doing this across multiple different customer segments, by the way, retail, institutional and developers. And the common theme that we try to inject into all of our products is to make them the most trusted and the easiest to use. And so trust can come from a lot of things. It can come from being compliant, having great cybersecurity, having great customer support, having great design. We try to be the most trusted brand out there in the space. I think we've accomplished that. And we also try to make our products the easiest to use. And so crypto can be complicated underneath, but that doesn't mean that people can't benefit from it. They don't have to understand all the complexity underneath what's happening in those products, kind of like people can benefit from using electricity, turning on a light switch. It's really simple, even if they don't understand how electrons move through copper wires. So this is the way we think about the product road map. And ultimately, we're really just trying to drive the utility of crypto, create more and more compelling use cases, help the network scale so that we can eventually get 1 billion people accessing the open financial system through our products every day.
Anil Gupta: Okay. We'll take our final prepared question before moving over to the analysts. So the final question for you, Brian, from the Say platform is any update on crypto regulations.
Brian Armstrong: Yeah. So I think the general update is that there is broad consensus amongst financial hubs that crypto is here to stay. It's not going anywhere, and the centralized actors in crypto, like the exchanges and the custodians they should be regulated. It's a pretty common sense. I think there's a broad view that new legislation is going to be needed for these centralized players to ensure that crypto is safe to use. As I mentioned earlier, the EU is out in front on this. They've adopted comprehensive crypto legislation called MiCA, creates a single clear rule book for the entire region. It's pretty powerful. I just got back from a trip from the U.K. and D.C. Both of those, both have draft bills in the works that are working on things like around stable coins and market structure Singapore, Hong Kong, Australia, Brazil, all are essentially following in this direction. And so I think it's really a miss that countries have to pick between keeping investors safe and embracing this next generation of technology. That's really not the case. I mean, even in the U.S., we're seeing broad bipartisan support for new crypto legislation that protects investors and also embraces this technology as a really important way to update the financial system. And frankly, I mean, the citizens of these countries are demanding it, right? 20% of U.S. adults now own crypto. It's become a major constituent in elections. And I think -- the U.S. is still lagging here a little bit behind, but I'm optimistic we'll get there. And one of the ways Coinbase is helping do this actually is that, we're trying to help shape a grassroots effort in the U.S. around crypto advocacy from all of the people. Those 20% of adults that have now used crypto. It can be a really powerful constituent and voice. So we've launched things like crypto 435, which is we now have 40,000 people signed up for that. It's named after the 435 congressional districts, and we have people in every single one of those districts who raised their hand and said, I want to be an advocate, a champion for crypto going to town halls, donating, [indiscernible] congress people, things like that. We also launched something Native On Chain, which was an NFT called Stand With Crypto. And it's a way for people in the industry and the community to raise their hand and say, I want to support sensible crypto regulation. And so we've had over 100,000 of those NFTs now minted so far. So that's been a great way for us to sort of roll this out on chain. So yeah, just zooming out, I mean, crypto is here to stay, every major market that we're seeing is moving towards sensible crypto regulation, and I think that's where this is going to go.
Anil Gupta: Okay. So with that, Christy, let's switch and take some live questions from the analysts.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Benjamin Budish with Barclays.
Benjamin Budish: Hey, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. I wanted to ask about Alesia, you talked about sort of the divergence between volatility and market cap and just sort of thinking about your business in terms of retail engagement. I'm curious, what do you think are the major reasons why with Coinbase retail engagement hasn't really tracked the growth in crypto asset prices. And I guess, kind of along the same lines, it almost would suggest from your trading yields that we're seeing a lot more kind of resilience from like the more simple experience trader versus the advanced traders. I wonder if you can kind of comment on that as well? And how sustainable you think that may be going forward?
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the question, Ben. So historically, we've seen correlation between our retail transaction volumes and revenues, highly correlated with volatility and crypto asset prices. And so as I shared with you in my opening remarks, we have seen crypto asset prices increase, but volatility is still at multiyear lows. And that has been one of the factors that we attribute to the change in volume at this time. However, we are engaging our customers in new ways, and so we’re really excited to see the engagement with our staking products. We’re excited to see the growth of our subscription services revenues quarter-over-quarter. And we’re really excited by the growth, as I mentioned, we reached all-time highs with our institutions on the prime platform in the quarter. So we’re continuing to see good engagement. The market conditions are the things that we cannot predict precisely, but they do have a big impact on the trading volume and the trading revenue from the consumer side of our platform. But our focus is growth overall, our focus is diversification and getting engagement with these new products that Brian talked about and continuing to roll out new innovations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Todaro with Needham & Company.
John Todaro: Congrats on the quarter and thanks for taking my questions. Two here, if you don't mind. First one, just on that take rate and kind of hitting that a little bit the prior question. But really what is to kind of explain the increase there? And then second question on volumes. Just wondering how you reconcile a strategy with encouraging customers to move more on chain, but at the same time, is it encouraging some of those customers to pick up decentralized exchanges and other exchanges that might cannibalize some of Coinbase volumes?
Alesia Haas: Great questions. I'll do the first one, and then Brian, maybe I'll pass it over to you. So with regards to pricing, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, on the institutional side, we rolled back certain discounts for our market makers and we saw an increase in the take rate and the pricing on the institutional side based on that decision. On the consumer side, we had increased our spread in the quarter. We're frequently assessing pricing on different transaction types and in Q1 due to an increase in from certain simple trades that began late last year and rolled into Q1, we saw an increase in the consumer side as well. Consumers have a choice of which product to trade on between our simple trading and our advanced trading, they can choose whatever suits them best. But that's what's driving the results in the quarter.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. Thanks, John. On your second question about are we encouraging volumes to move to decentralized exchanges and things like that. So look, I think there's going to be a big market for both centralized and decentralized exchanges and Coinbase wants to play in both of those categories. So the centralized exchanges, they still have a scalability that really can't be achieved on chain. And so I think that's going to -- is going to be a very deep liquid market. We're going to see that with derivatives and spot all over the world for a long, long time. I don't see that really going away. At the same time, decentralized exchanges offer some interesting advantages and we want to make sure we’re providing that to customers as well. It doesn’t do us any benefit to pretend that doesn’t exist or something like that. And as long as we’re providing what customers want, I think there will be interesting opportunities to monetize on the decentralized exchange side as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: Thank you for taking my question. So I think there are some positive developments going on in the regulation side. More crypto bills may come out soon, SEC will respond to Coinbase petition. But could you please talk about how much of the current regulatory regime has actually impacted your ability to launch new products, both locally and internationally? And how much it has impacted your confidence to generate positive adjusted EBITDA in all conditions? Thank you.
Alesia Haas: Why don't I take the first stab and please, Paul, Brian Emily, please add in. So our product road map has not been impacted by the Wells notice. We are pleased to have, as Brian shared with you, a very active quarter of product innovation from [indiscernible] protocols to acquiring an asset management to launching just this week, the International Exchange, including our first derivative product in the market. So we are feeling very excited about building through this winter and about the breadth of offerings that we can continue to have. And at this time, as we shared previously, we’ve run scenarios, but we are business as usual, and we feel really good about being able to deliver on the financial goals that we set forth at the beginning of the year, which is to improve adjusted EBITDA on a year-over-year basis. And we don’t see anything at this time to share that would derail us from that objective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler.
Rich Repetto: Yeah. Good evening, Brian and team, thank you for taking my question. And sorry to stay on the regulatory question, but it is important. And you say, Brian, in the shareholder letter, on Page 14, you say that we could -- we believe we could see real action on the legislative side before the end of 2Q. So we're getting towards the end of 2Q. And just trying whether you could give any more detail on that statement that the bipartisan legislation and any more details? And have you been able to engage with the SEC since the Wells notice? And then lastly, with Ripple (ph) and the XRP case, do you think that, that will have any precedent or how will that clear? Would that provide any clarity on the regulatory plan? Thank you.
Brian Armstrong: Paul, [indiscernible] turn it over to you. I mean, on the timing of legislation, obviously, we can't predict anything like that exactly, but I don't want to reveal something sensitive that may be being worked on over there. But there are various parties that have a real motivation to help get that clear rule book in the U.S. through new legislation. And we're certainly supportive of seeing that happen. Yeah, Paul, go ahead and jump in.
Paul Grewal: Just want to underscore that, as you pointed out earlier, Brian, we're seeing draft legislation not only here in the United States coming together largely on a bipartisan basis and hopefully, moving forward in the coming quarter, but also outside the United States. We're seeing the U.K. and other jurisdictions move on and move ahead with their own legislative proposals and initiatives. So while no time line is certain, it certainly appears that we're seeing progress in legislation, not just in the United States, but in jurisdictions all over the world. And I should also speak to the question about engagement with the SEC as well since the Wells, we always remain open to dialogue with the SEC in conversation with them wherever it makes sense and is appropriate. And at the same time, we are fully committed, if necessary, to defending any case that we may face in court if for another reason then crypto and not just Coinbase or crypto as a whole needs clarity in order to move forward as an industry, and we’re confident that we will be able to provide that clarity through any action that may take place in litigation.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. Thanks for taking my question. I like this Exhibit you outlined on Page 11 in the shareholder letter showing the three pillars of your product strategy and how they align to your long-term vision. Can you elaborate a little bit on how we should think about Coinbase's both revenues and investments sort of now and in the future outlined across the spectrum? Thank you.
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the question, Lisa. So we are in what we consider the first phase, which is crypto as an asset class. And that's where the majority of our revenue is earned today, as you can see by the products that we highlighted and eventually you're alluding to. So this includes coinbase.com, which is our consumer trading platform, the prime business, custody and the spot market, which is what facilitates the trading and liquidity for those front-end customer experiences. We are actively looking to diversify our revenue streams, and we have many products, as you can see listed here that are in our earlier stage. We've shared with you previously that we consider things in our core, strategic and interest portfolio and are constantly looking at new venture products. We don't give long-term outlooks, but over time, we believe that these other revenue streams will become a larger part of our revenue stream. Just like in Q2, we saw subscription and services revenue, get to about 39% of total revenue for the quarter. We have many new revenue streams and other subscription and services revenue that are beginning to generate what we call little green shoots, small dollars. We’re not able to give an outlook at this time. But the goal is to get a diversified portfolio that have different drivers that some will perform stronger in some market conditions and some will perform better in other market conditions. And that diversification will lead to an overall platform where we can engage our customers with many different products and services. But I don’t have a specific number to give you today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kenneth Worthington with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Worthington: Hi. Good evening. Thanks for taking the question. Alesia, you indicated a number of times that Coinbase increased spreads on retail trading this quarter. How are you determining the right spread for retail orders? What sort of capacity do you have to widen spread further over time? And then maybe for Paul, what ultimately gives Coinbase comfort that spread adjustments will be okayed by regulators over time.
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the question, Ken. So we're frequently assessing pricing for different transaction types. So for example, spread applied to the fewer simple trading experience. It doesn't imply to advance trading where customers are directly interacting with the order book and our customers have the choice of which products suits their experience best. So prices evolving. We don't have a specific number that we're targeting or a number of shares. We're constantly assessing the right balance of meeting customer needs and driving our business and monitoring our pricing elasticity to see what resonates best with our user base.
Paul Grewal: Yeah. On the question of what gives us comfort that we'll have the regulatory flexibility to continue with those practices, the simple answer is that it all comes down to our transparency about how we go about this and our commitment that we will honor whatever practices we disclosed as part of our terms of service and user agreements. We’re constantly evaluating these issues. And to the extent there are questions or concerns, of course, from any regulator, we will always respond to those promptly and appropriately.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bo Pei with U.S. Tiger Securities.
Bo Pei: Hi, management. Thanks for taking my questions. So congrats on launching the Base Layer 2 tests now. I have two questions about Base. So first is well, if it's still early, what is going to be the monetization model base? Do you plan to make money from Base or will be more like a public and you plan to fully decentralized network? And the second question is, well, it's not common for crypto exchanges to launch their own block chains. The other exchanges are outside of the U.S., so they’re that's regulated. However, Coinbase is a U.S. entity so faces a more challenging regulatory environment. How do you manage the risks of running a blockchain as a U.S. public company. For example, if some [indiscernible] apps on base offer non-compliance services to U.S. resident, how do you make sure Coinbase will not become the target of U.S. regulators? Thanks.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. Thanks, Bo, for the question. I'll start off and then Paul, if others want to add anything, feel free. So the first part of your question was on monetization. And it's too early to say on how Base could be monetized. Again, we're still in testnet. We haven't even launched mainnet. We're just trying to build out the ecosystem at this point. We definitely made a conscious decision not to have a token associated with the blockchain, which touches on the second part of your question. Because we are a U.S. entity and this blockchain is something that we're helping initiate, we wanted to make sure there was no token associated with it because we didn't believe that there was a way to do that. There wasn't a way to basically register a token to do that in the U.S. at the moment. But our goal is for this also to be decentralized over time, and that's another big piece of the puzzle. Base is going to be a decentralized chain. And so it's something we may contribute to -- as one of many parties that contributes to it, but it's not going to be something that's run solely by Coinbase. Paul, anything you want to add?
Paul Grewal: I think, Brian, you said it well. This is not something that over time will be run by Coinbase. Our goal is decentralization. We consciously chose not to include a token as part of the offering. And we think that in combination and with increasing adoption over time as we move out of testnet, hopefully, sooner rather than later, but that remains to be seen. We're going to see a very positive response not only from the public, but also from regulators as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities.
Devin Ryan: Thanks very much. Just a question on the international derivatives exchange. Just great to hear how quickly you guys think you can scale it to become a material contributor if you can quantify the addressable revenue market for Coinbase? And then on the expense side, will there be incremental expenses needed to get to where you want to go versus how much kind of existing infrastructure of the firm can you leverage just as you scale that? Thanks.
Alesia Haas: Great. Well, we're not preventing in a revenue outlook at this time. But as you know, the derivative markets are multiples of the spot market in crypto generally, and that's true inside by as well. So this is large volume opportunities. This is our initial launch. We have two order books. We are just beginning to onboard market makers. So this is early days, and we’ll give you more updates as this product matures. All of the expenses needed to operate this platform are included in our current expense base and in our Q2 outlook for expenses.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Joseph Vafi with Canaccord Genuity.
Joseph Vafi: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Just I thought maybe we'd circle back, Brian, to your original comments here on financial enablement. And perhaps you could give us a view on some of the things you're working on that front? And then just on just kind of interested also in your Layer 2 rollout and what you're thinking there and the strategy? Thanks.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. Well, in the opening comments, I did talk about our mission around increasing economic freedom and how we think crypto is the most important technology out there to do that and how we really think it's a technology to update the financial system. So that's kind of what you're referring to, I think, around financial enablement and empowerment. Look, I mean there's a lot of people around the world today who don't have good access to good financial infrastructure, right? And it can be really holding them back in many ways -- payments are this thing that if you make it lower friction to both move money and settlement times and various asset classes can become more efficient if you tokenize them. This is just to speak, by the way, of the financial use cases, there's a whole set of non-financial use cases for crypto. That can kind of really grease the skids of the economy and unlock growth and potential in many different ways. It also increases people's freedom just with basic property rights and things like that. And so it's a really powerful idea now that anybody who has a cellphone and an Internet connection, which is the majority of humans on the planet, they can now get -- start to get access to good, sound financial infrastructure. That's a really powerful thing. It's really good for the world. So those are my high-level thoughts. And yes, I'll leave it there. .
Anil Gupta: Okay. Great. Well, thank you all for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking to you again -- speaking to you again in our next call.
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-21 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Paula, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coinbase Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions].  Anil Gupta, Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Anil Gupta : Good afternoon, and welcome to the Coinbase fourth quarter and full year '22 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Brian Armstrong, Co-Founder and CEO; Emily Choi, President and COO; Alesia Haas, CFO; and because regulatory questions may be top of mind, Paul Grewal, Chief Legal Officer, is also joining today. I hope you've all had the opportunity to read our shareholder letter, which was published on our Investor Relations website earlier today. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause these results to differ is included in our SEC filings. Our discussion today will include references to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in our shareholder letter and on our Investor Relations website. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, GAAP measures. We are once again using Safe Technologies to enable our shareholders to post questions. And in addition to that, we will be taking some live questions from our research analysts. So with that, I'll turn it over to Brian and Alesia for opening comments. 
Brian Armstrong : Thanks, Anil. So I want to touch on three themes in my opening comments. The first one is going to be about how we're reducing our OpEx to operate more efficiently and better generate EBITDA in the future. The second theme is going to be about the current regulatory environment. And the third theme is going to be about where we are in this crypto cycle. So let's start with our reductions in OpEx. When Coinbase went public, our goal was to operate at roughly breakeven across crypto cycles, but the market has changed, and so we're evolving along with that. We're now evolving the business with a goal to generate adjusted EBITDA in all market conditions.  In January, we further reduced head count by 20%. This follows the head count reduction of 18% we did last year in June. We've also worked hard to reduce the amount of dilution we're taking from stock-based compensation and adjusted our compensation policy across a number of dimensions. Our total dilution since going public in April of 2021 has been about 5%. These changes will ensure that we continue to manage dilution going forward. Now parting ways with colleagues and changes to compensation are never easy, but I think this is helping us be a more efficient company as a result, and it positions us to better weather this downturn with a very healthy balance sheet and continue investing in the future so we can be the global leader in the crypto space.  I was also really glad to see that our subscription and services revenue grew 53% year-over-year to $792 million in 2022. This was a major downturn in crypto, of course, from 2021 to 2022. And I think this really shows that our strategy of becoming an all-weather crypto company is paying off with more predictable revenue streams. So next, I want to talk about the regulatory environment that we're currently in. In the wake of FTX and other crypto company failures, we've seen increased regulatory scrutiny, of course. But let me be very clear, I believe this is a good thing for the space and that it will ultimately benefit Coinbase. It's really easy to look at the headlines and assume that increased regulatory activity is bad for crypto, but I really don't agree with that. There's many legitimate companies in the crypto space, like Coinbase, and those of us which prioritize trust and compliance from the beginning, I believe, will be beneficiaries. This really goes back to the founding of Coinbase more than 10 years ago. And when I started the company, I really decided that this was going to be a compliance-focused company. We were going to do things the right way even if it was more difficult. And I knew that there were going to be companies that would come in and try to cut corners. They might even grow really quickly because it's easier to move fast when you don't have to follow the rules. But they would inevitably come crashing down because regulators don't always act quickly, but they do eventually act. We decided to do things the hard way, playing the long-term game and built a very different company over the last 10 years. In many cases, we actually proactively put in place appropriate controls before they were even required, anticipating that this greater regulatory clarity would be coming.  So I think we're really well positioned in this type of environment and how things are changing. And we need more clarity in the United States around regulation, and we probably need new legislation at some point, but I'll talk about that a little bit later. So third, let's talk about where we are in this crypto cycle. Now I think it's important always look at the fundamental indicators that we have and try to separate out the signal from the noise and the negative headlines. The narrative in crypto tends to flip every two years, it's either irrational exuberance or despair. Neither one is true at any given time, but we're in one of those despair phases right now. And that also means there's an opportunity for builders who are focused in this space like Coinbase. So if you take where we are now or in 2022 and compare that to just two years ago, you kind of have to look over at least the prior cycle. You can't just look at what happened in the last year or the last quarter. So the bitcoin price in January of 2023 is up 80% compared to the average price in 2020. The number of software developers who work in crypto has doubled since 2020, and that's a great predictor, I think, of where the future is going.  The number of major brands who've started integrating Web3 and other technology, are totally different, Starbucks, Adidas, Nike, Coca-Cola and social media platforms like Instagram, Twitter and Reddit. These are all integrating crypto services into their products, and customers who use those things are going to need a wallet, a crypto wallet. That's where Coinbase comes in. We even come a long way on the regulatory side. Outside the U.S., just about every major financial hub is vying to be the leader in Web3. We've seen a comprehensive crypto legislation get passed in the EU with MiCA. Even the UK, Hong Kong, Japan, Brazil are all making very positive steps toward comprehensive crypto legislation. And I think we'll even get that in the U.S. eventually. So in short, we remain incredibly bullish on this technology, in this industry. We're operating more efficiently at this new size. We believe that we will be in a net beneficiary increased regulatory clarity. And of course, ultimately, we've got to keep driving the utility of crypto, improving our products, driving more and more use cases so that billion or more people can benefit from this technology, and we can increase economic freedom in the world. So with that, let me turn it over to Alesia to talk about our financial results.
Alesia Haas : Thanks, Brian. First, I'm going to recap our Q4 results. Our fourth quarter net revenue increased 5% quarter-over-quarter to $605 million. This was driven by strong growth in our subscription and services revenues. In terms of transaction revenue first, we gained trading volume market share. Our trading volume did decline 9% quarter-over-quarter, but it outperformed the total crypto spot market, which saw a 21% volume decline quarter-over-quarter.  As a result, our total transaction revenue declined 12% to $322 million. In contrast, subscription services grew 34% quarter-over-quarter to $283 million. This was largely driven by our participation in the USTC program as reported by the growth in interest rates in Q4. Our total operating expenses increased 3% quarter-over-quarter to $1.2 billion, which was consistent with the outlook we provided. There are three factors that contributed to this slight increase in spend. First, we had higher seasonal marketing spend. Second, we saw a timing of certain SEC awards increased the cost quarter-over-quarter. And third, we had a $50 million settlement with the New York DFS. Absent this settlement, expenses would have been down about 1% quarter-over-quarter. I want to zoom out now and look at the full year of 2020. Our adjusted EBITDA was negative $371 million in 2022, well within the $500 million lost guardrail we've provided for in February of 2022 about a year ago. This included negative $124 million of adjusted EBITDA in Q4. I want to note, while this was slightly lower in Q3, our revenue improved quarter-over-quarter, and our recurring expenses, excluding the impact of the DFS settlement, were lower quarter-over-quarter. So the primary reason EBITDA was lower in Q4 was due to a foreign exchange loss that we experienced in Q2 that was not fully realized until Q4. I want to shift gears now towards our outlook. Crypto markets have improved so far into Q1 as compared to Q4. Crypto market cap is up 40% year-to-date through February 17. Crypto volatility is 5% higher over the same time period. As a result, we generated $120 million of transaction revenue in January 2023.  I cannot underscore this enough. We caution investors to not extrapolate these results forward. We all need to keep in mind last year's experience of how quickly markets can evolve. They evolved quickly between Q4 and Q1, and they have the potential to evolve again. And we are mindful of the industry dynamics across multiple dimensions remain in flux. In that spirit, we've updated our outlook approach for 2023. Our outlook is reflecting what we believe are the most stable and predictable elements of our business, specifically subscription and services revenue and expenses. And we're now providing 1 quarter of outlook. With that, we expect Q1 subscription services revenue to be between $300 million and $325 million. As Brian mentioned, we are focused on cost management and operating with discipline. That means we're more rigorously assessing our product market fit, we're taking a scrappier approach to investments, and we're getting back to small team sizes. For Q1, we anticipate technology and development and general and administrative expenses, together, will be between $625 million and $675 million. And that sales and marketing will be between $60 million and $70 million. When totaling these OpEx categories, this represents a more than 30% reduction in Q1 compared to the Q4 reported results. If you back out the $50 million settlement from Q4, we have reduced recurring expenses by more than 25% quarter-over-quarter.  Embedded in that expense outlook is an expectation of $250 million of stock-based compensation in Q1. This compares to $431 million of stock-based compensation expense in Q4. So we've brought that down by more than $200 million quarter-over-quarter. Separately, our outlook includes approximately $150 million for restructuring expenses associated with our January headcount reduction. Overall, our goal for 2023 is to improve adjusted EBITDA in absolute dollar terms versus full year 2022. And we believe our cost reduction efforts position us to do so.  As we look forward, we don't expect to meaningfully increase our head count, which is one of our largest expense drivers, compared to our Q1 levels which we anticipate to be around 3,650 people. All right, before we go to Q&A, I want to briefly give some context around some updates you're going to see in our 10-K that we filed this afternoon. Following the events of 2022, which included failures and other situations of financial distress at certain crypto companies like FTX, the SEC has issued a new guidance in December on expected disclosures for public companies like ours that are crypto market participants.  While we already disclosed much about was outlined in the guidance, we did make some additional disclosures this quarter. So you will see an expanded discussion of how the 2022 events have impacted Coinbase, how similar events could impact our company, we've expanded disclosures of our lending activities, counterparty risk and the interconnectedness we have with other market participants.  Accordingly, you'll see updates on our business section, MD&A and risk factors. These are in direct response to the new guidance. The full letter can be found on the website. So with that, I think we can turn to questions. Anil?
A - Anil Gupta : Okay. Thank you, both. So with that, we'll turn to shareholder questions, and we are taking the most uploaded questions as determined by the number of shares, and we might combine questions that touch on the same themes. . The first question is about, has Coinbase considered operating an offshore business, perhaps with Big 4 audits and additional risk management controls, to offer new products to international investors while they wait regulatory clarity on such products in the U.S.?
Emilie Choi : Thanks for the question. So our mission is to increase economic freedom in the world by enabling better access to crypto. So to fulfill our mission, we have to be a global company. And as such, international expansion is going to continue to be a very core part of how we operate.  In the past quarter, we had a launch in Australia. We have an upcoming launch in Brazil. And we've been very encouraged by the positive regulatory developments in the EU with MiCA and the UK's long-awaited consultation. So you can expect to see us continuing to invest in the UK and Europe. They're really important parts of our business. . We're going to lean into working with jurisdictions to help us maximize global coverage. And we will always be focused on offering our products in a safe, compliant way with, as you referenced, good risk management and sound audit. So there's nothing to announce here today, but international continues to be a focus area for us in 2023 and beyond.
Anil Gupta : Thanks, Emilie. Next question, has Coinbase considered updating its P&L target from operating at a loss during times of the trading volumes like those in 2022 and 2023 year-to-date to operating at breakeven or profitability during such times? Alesia?
Alesia Haas : I feel like the questions had a preview into Brian's opening comments. So this is not a change we can make overnight. But yeah, as Brian shared in his opening comments, we have changed our approach and we are building towards the future. So we used to say Coinbase would roughly breakeven over time, over a cycle, but now we are very focused on giving a company that can generate EBITDA in all market conditions, which is to say we aspire to be an all-weather company. Specifically, for 2023, our goal is to improve our adjusted EBITDA performance in absolute dollar terms year-over-year. And we're going to continue to work to build revenue streams with less volatility. And while the focus is on improving adjusted EBITDA, as I shared in my opening comments, our SBC, or our stock-based compensation, is coming down, too. So we are focused on overall expense performance, and we think that will set the stage for long-term financial performance.
Anil Gupta : Next question, will Coinbase expand the stocks to compete with platforms like Robinhood? Brian?
Brian Armstrong : Yeah, I can take that one. So the short answer is no. We feel our best opportunities are still in the crypto, in the Web3 space. There's a lot of solution there. We want to go make sure we're the leader in that space. And there's a number of places people could trade traditional securities today, so I don't know how we would necessarily be differentiated on that dimension. There is an exception to that I can think of, which is that if we found a way to tokenize or wrap traditional securities, making them more crypto native, that could be pretty interesting, I think, for our customers and for us. It would unlock some additional functionality, for instance, 24/7 trading, people could more easily trade fractions of a share or they could have access to more global capital. But the regulatory environment in the U.S. right now is not currently hospitable to that type of product. It's something that we're working to change. We actually acquired a broker-dealer license several years ago, but it's dormant right now. And we'd like to work with the SEC to make it active. I think that something like that, that would allow us to wrap traditional securities, could -- and I also just make it really simple for people to go and register cryptosecurities, that could be pretty interesting and something we'd like pursue in the future. But I don't think that will happen in the short term. So it's something we'll have to work towards over time.
Anil Gupta : Next question, how does Coinbase line to compete with other trading platforms that allow us users to purchase crypto without fees? Alesia?
Alesia Haas : Thanks for the question. So I want to start with just a comment that there are no true zero fee products out there. Some monetize like Coinbase do via our fees that we post but others monetize on the back end where the fees are not transparent to the users, but there really are no zero fee platforms.  So we do generate most of our transaction revenue today from our retail customer base. They are trusting our products because they are safe and easy to use, and we're giving them an integrated platform to engage with a range of crypto assets and activities. So you can stake, you can participate and you can spend your crypto on a Coinbase card. You can do many different things. And we believe this is a premium product that our customers are willing to pay for. But we also have for a subscription product, Coinbase One, where you just can trade without fees. So we are definitely experimenting with different monetization models and different ways to offer our services to our customers. As we said before, over the long-term, we believe fees will compress due to commoditization, but we have yet to see that in crypto. And we think that after coming to 2022, there is more value placed on a trusted platform, our regulated compliant approach, and people are willing to pay for that premium offering.
Anil Gupta : Next question, how is Coinbase working alongside lawmakers to shape U.S. crypto regulation? Brian?
Brian Armstrong : Yeah. So I've been spending a lot of time in D.C. I was just there last week, actually. And I'd say policy is my top priority for this year. So when I was there just last week, we met with a number of relevant senators that are working on different crypto bills. There's actually a lot of bipartisan support, I would say, out there for getting comprehensive crypto legislation pass.  There's a recognition that in the wake of FTX, we need stronger consumer protections. There's also a lot of excitement just about the potential of this technology. And there's a lot of desire for people to have this built here in America. And they feel that it's important for all kinds of reasons: economic growth, national security, et cetera.  So I was very pleased to see that. I think the folks that I spoke with, they also realize that the U.S. is a little bit behind right now. The EU has already kind of passed comprehensive crypto legislation. They're looking at others like in the UK, Singapore, et cetera, that are moving on this dimension and seeing what they can take and put in their bill.  So I'm spending more time in D.C. But I think what's even more important than that actually is that we can go and activate the roughly 50 million people or so who have used crypto in the United States and asking them to -- as they're very passionate about crypto, many of them. And so it's about asking them to contact the representatives and encouraging them to say we want this industry to be built in America with strong consumer protection and preserving innovation potential. So I think we need to really make it clear that -- let's say, in the upcoming election in 2024, for instance, that this is going to be a big issue, I think, for a lot of voters. Crypto is now used by one in five households in the United States, and it's becoming a pretty powerful lobby and a constituent.  So Coinbase of course, we can do our part here by helping organize them. We've been actually giving customers information right in our app about policy issues and even scores for different candidates that represent them. But we're just one company in the space. The whole industry is really going to have to come together to make this happen and -- of all the crypto users out there. So there's lots more that we're doing. We're donating to key crypto advocates. We've hired an incredible policy team. Our Head of Policy, Faryar Shirzad, came from Goldman Sachs where he was coleading policy. We're working with various trade groups. We actually wrote a really detailed petition that we sent to the SEC, requesting more clarity on regulation and pointing out sort of many of the areas where in the law today it's not clear how crypto should be regulated. We have a public policy page on our website, which I encourage people to go check out.  So there's a lot we can do here. And I think it's a major focus for myself and the company. Actually, Paul, our Chief Legal Officer, do you want to add anything here?
Paul Grewal : Yeah. Happy to, Brian. Coinbase, we have a 10-year plus record of regulatory compliance engagement. And we remain committed to working with regulators to develop solutions that are sensible, that put consumers first and protect them and ultimately help to grow the crypto economy.  We are in constant conversation with all of these regulators and, of course, the policymakers as well, particularly in D.C. In those conversations, our agenda is very clear. Regulators should follow the standard course and undertake public rule-making that will give clarity, not just to the industry and to consumers but, of course, investors as well. The bottom line is this, not everything in crypto as a security. That's just not the law today. And it shouldn't be the low tomorrow and in the future. Securities laws doesn't exist in order to turn everything of value in our economy, whether it's baseball cards or sneakers or digital assets like crypto, into a security that only a small number of people or the elite are able to buy or trade. That's why we have to get these lines right. It's not just about crypto. And so in that same spirit, last July, in July 2022, we filed a comprehensive petition for rule-making with the SEC that outline the issues with applying an existing or the existing securities into modern digital assets. And we suggest that each area in which the SEC could and should engage in rule-making in order to provide clarity for the entire industry.  We're very hopeful that the SEC and others will recognize that rule-making is the appropriate path forward. And importantly, we're not going to stop engaging until they do so. It's not too late. One final point, just recently, the SEC issued a notice of proposed rule for safeguarding crypto assets with qualified custodians such as Coinbase. We see that as a signal that the SEC recognizes and is willing to follow a standard public rule-making process in order to get these answers right.
Anil Gupta : Great. Thanks. Next question, are there any plans to initiate stock buybacks or reduce overall debt load if the company valuation becomes low enough. Alesia?
Alesia Haas : Thanks for the question. So I would share with you that we constantly evaluate what is the most accretive way to allocate our capital. So something we've looked at, we talked about. But today, our focus is on cash conservation and maximizing the options that we have available to us, maximizing our ability to navigate through this transition period as we shift from being a company that has volatility in our P&L to a more stable P&L where we can have the opportunity to generate EBITDA in an up and down market. So while we have the right business, we don't only use to share at this time around with stock buyback or a debt buyback program. I would point out that while we do not have a formal buyback program, we do generally net settle our equity awards to employees. What that means is that we pay taxes on behalf of the employees and those shares don't end up in the market.  So as a result, since we went public, we've effectively bought back just over 5 million shares due to this approach. So while this a reform of stock buyback, it has the effect of reducing shares outstanding and reducing our amount of dilution that we've put into the market.
Anil Gupta : Our next question is, with Kraken staking as a service being cracked down upon by the SEC, what differentiates Coinbase staking as a service from theirs? And what assurances can you give investors that their funds will not be affected? Paul? 
Paul Grewal : The Coinbase's staking products are not securities, and so they are not affected by this news. Staking on Coinbase continues to be available to our customers and stake assets continue to earn rewards. The staking products that we offer at Coinbase are fundamentally different from the yield products that were described in the reinforcement action against Kraken. The differences matter.  Just to highlight a few of them, first and foremost, on Coinbase, customer assets always remain there. At all times, customers retain the title to and ownership of their tokens. And of course, we hold all user assets, including tokens one to one.  Another important difference is that our fees are tethered to realities. They're determined by the network protocols and commissions that we take are fully disclosed in our health center. On Coinbase, our customers have a right to the returns. We can't simply just decide not to pay any returns at all. And critically, Coinbase customers have deep transparent insights into our financials because, of course, Coinbase is a publicly traded company with public audited financials.  The bottom line is that Coinbase customers have access to proper disclosures. Coinbase has always disclosed critical information for its staking users, such as what happens to assets when they're staked. And we do that in our retail user agreement.  Rules, making clear these distinctions would provide a very real clarity. And we think the public shouldn't have to parse complaints in federal court in order to understand what a regulator expects.
Anil Gupta : Our next question is, what is Coinbase going to do to recover the value of its stock from the initial IPO? Emilie?
Emilie Choi : I'll take that, yeah. Coinbase is focused on generating long-term value. We are the leading regulated player in a still nascent market. And as such, much of our economic potential will come in future years, much like it has for other new category leaders over time. And like all tech and high-growth companies, we've experienced a market reset over the past year. This isn't Coinbase or crypto specific.  That said, we are laser-focused on driving positive shareholder value and, in particular, are focusing our energy on, one, cost management and efficiency; two, investing in core product growth so that we offer our users the absolute best crypto products and services; and three, landing a positive regulatory outcome for the ecosystem and for our users.
Anil Gupta : Next question, do you feel that Coinbase can play a big role in making cryptocurrency go mainstream? Brian?
Brian Armstrong : Yeah, absolutely. I mean, one of our goals is we want to get crypto to 1 billion people globally, that would tell me that we were starting to have a real impact on a global scale around economic freedom, which the mission of Coinbase is to increase economic freedom.  So I think we have a big and important role to play in that. And I think it happens -- it's going to happen across a number of different areas. I mean, one is scalability. We need to get the blockchains to be more scalable. There's a lot of important developer work happening on that dimension. And there's a couple of areas where Coinbase has been able to help on the margin, but there's many great teams doing that.  Also, in terms of usability, I think just sort of like many people don't understand how electricity works, but they can benefit from it, they can access it through a light switch. Coinbase has a role here to play and just trying to make crypto easier to use. Many people they don't even really know how it works underneath, but they just want to get paid. They want to transfer funds with less, lower fees. They want to earn a living, they want to have stable currency, et cetera, and so we can make those things easy and intuitive.  And then lastly, I think on the regulatory environment, we have an important role here just to play around education, advocacy, policy. So there's a lot we can do to try to help crypto get to that 1 billion user mark and beyond.
Anil Gupta : Okay. Last question before we turn it over to the analysts, Coinbase NFT. One, what is your cumulative loss? Two, what is your plan to reduce the burn, increase market share? And overall, what's your plan in connection to Coinbase NFT? What will you do differently next time when developing new platforms? Emilie?
Emilie Choi : So we allocate our resources, 70-20-10, 70% to core, 20% strategic adjacencies and 10% to venture opportunities. We are always looking to expand our portfolio of products to serve our customers in the best way. And NFTs were an example of a venture initiative in that 10% bucket.  And we continue to see medium and long-term opportunities here. So we're -- we've got a very lean team on it now, but we're not throwing in the towel by any means. There's a lot of Fortune 100 companies who are experimenting with NFT opportunities, including Meta, Starbucks, Nike and Hauser Bush. And we're proud of a product that is creating a more social customer NFT experience. We have a lot of work to do, but we want to continue to invest limited resources there. So in terms of investments, as we indicated in the shareholder letter, we're taking a more rigorous approach to investment in new and unproven products, but we're going to do that in a very lean, efficient way and get back to just smaller team sizes and getting things out there in a more of an experimental way so that we do it in the most operationally efficient way possible. USTC was an example of something that started with just a couple of folks and has expanded to be something much bigger.
Anil Gupta : Okay. So with that, Paul, let's switch take some live questions from the research analysts.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from Owen Lau of Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau : Thank you for taking my questions. So I have a question about international expansion. So yesterday, Hong Kong SFC put out a consultation paper on virtual assets trading platform. They propose to a lot of digital assets trading for retail customers. So I have two quick questions here related to the topic. The first one is, will Coinbase apply for this license or how Coinbase will approach this regime? The second point is the requirement seems to be that the platform operate has whole client money on a trust to a wholly-owned subsidiary and no more than 2% of client virtual assets are stored in hot wallets. Can Coinbase be compliant with this? And based on your knowledge, how many exchanges in the world can meet this high bar? Thank you. 
Brian Armstrong : Yeah. I mean so this is a detailed question. I would say that -- in general, we don't currently have today an entity in Hong Kong, but I've been really pleasantly surprised to see that there is clarity like this -- this is a great example of what you just mentioned of the financial hubs around the world, of which Hong Kong is one of those, are making really good progress towards regulatory clarity. We'd have to look in detail to see if Coinbase met those requirements, and we don't have currently anything that we've done in that country to date. But I think it's exciting as a general trend. I don't know, Paul or anybody else, do you want to add anything?
Alesia Haas : Other thing I would add is we do have a practice of holding the vast majority of funds on our platform in cold storage. And so we do have mechanisms in place to keep a very small amount of assets in hot wallet or subject to cyber risk, which is one of the requirements. I also think that Coinbase has operated a TrustCo for a number of years now. And so there's definitely parts of our business that we could lean on if we chose to build in that market. Our broad international strategy, as we outlined in previous years, we have a go broad and go deep. At this point in time, we don't have any announcements on adding additional countries to our portfolio. We're focused on building in the countries that we're currently in. But conditions like you provided, having clear regulatory structure, our markets become attractive to us. So at the time that we were adding new countries to our list, we would look at that as a positive indicator of a country that we can go into and assess our ability to comply with those standards.
Owen Lau : Got it. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan of JMP Securities.
Michael Falco : Hi, this is Michael Falco, actually standing in for Devin. I wanted to ask a quick question. You highlighted your goal for 2023 is to improve full year adjusted EBITDA in absolute dollar terms versus 2022. And then that you're setting your sights on positioning the company to generate adjusted EBITDA in all market conditions. So it seems like after the current 25%-plus expense reduction, you believe this is a reasonable goal. Just curious on the revenue side of the equation, what are the revenue scenarios kind of underpinning that? And what's the revenue threshold that would make that goal achievable?
Alesia Haas : Great question. So as we shared in our outlook, we're really focusing our near-term outlook on things that we control. So our subscription and services revenue, we believe converts $300 million to $325 million in Q1 and which has healthy growth off of the reported results of Q4. We've also seen a lot of volatility in our transaction revenues, and we continue to see volatility as we saw that crypto market cap was up 40% quarter-to-date in Q1 [technical difficulty] transaction revenue to be volatile. It could be up, it could be down. It could be static over the year. We are preparing for that range, and we are prepared to grow subscription and services against this more moderate expense base. There are scenarios that we could be EBITDA positive this year. But the goal, because we're preparing for the worst and hoping for best, is to ensure that we improve EBITDA year-over-year. And that is what we're setting at this point in time. We will continue to update you as we get more data points as we go through the year.
Michael Falco : Great, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kenneth Worthington of JPMorgan Securities.
Kenneth Worthington : Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe for Brian, Coinbase has historically been a large investor in crypto businesses and technology. And based on the number of developers, innovation continues at a robust pace in the crypto ecosystem. The industry has had big leap forward with the development of DeFi and the popularity and use cases for NFTs, for example.  As you look to 2023 and 2024, are there use cases or developments on the level of DeFi or NFTs that particularly excite you? And maybe broadly, what do you see as the next big leg forward for use cases in crypto?
Brian Armstrong : Yeah. Well, okay. So I just have to be a little careful when you're trying to predict the future, especially if it influences anything on the M&A front. So let me keep my comments just pretty broad here. But you're correct. We have been investors in the space. I think we recognize that this is the beginning of a big trend and big industry. And we're going to build our own products. We're going to also buy other companies, but we're also going to invest. And so we do all three, build, buy and invest. You mentioned some of these areas that got popular in prior down cycles. We had DeFi and things like that, which were exciting, and NFTs. A couple of areas that we're excited about, just kind of looking forward, I think decentralized identity is exciting. It allows crypto to move beyond just a new form of money or new types of financial services, but also it allows the beginnings of a new type of app platform, right?  And if you have a decentralized identity where people can kind of have access to their own information, and it's not owned by one of the big tech companies, then you can start to do interesting things like create social graph between those identities and have decentralized social networks.  You can even have reputation associated with those decentralized identities, kind of like a FICO score, if you will, or something similar to Google PageRank algorithm, which rank different pages on the Internet, but you could sort of have the reputation for each of these decentralized identities. So that's one area, just among many that I'm interested in. And we generally try to look at the landscape of start-ups that are coming out. There are a lot of developers, as you mentioned, operating in this space now. That has actually continued to grow even in the market coming down. And I think if you look at where the brightest young engineers are focusing their time on weekend, what they're hacking on in their free time, I think that's a really good predictor of the future. And so by that measure, crypto is doing quite well.
Kenneth Worthington : Okay. Thank you. If I can sneak in another one just quickly for Paul, the SEC -- or SEC Chair Gensler continues to say that he wants crypto firms and crypto products to register with the SEC. What is the risk to Coinbase or the downside of registering either firm or products with the SEC?
Paul Grewal : Well, Coinbase is certainly familiar with registration with the SEC. And then, of course, as a publicly listed company, we were required to complete an S-1 back in April 2021. We're also quite familiar with the Chair's comments regarding registration of individual products and services. To the extent that registration is appropriate because, first and foremost, products and services qualified securities under the federal securities laws. Coinbase is quite open and eager to seek a path to registration where one is being available.  I think it's fair to say that at this point in time, the path to registration for products and services that may qualify as securities has not been open or at least readily or easily opened. So that's proven to be challenging. But we're always eager to pursue a registration where it makes sense, and we will continue to engage in conversations and dialogue where we have an opportunity to do so with the SEC or anybody else.
Kenneth Worthington : Great, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Lisa Ellis of SVB MoffettNathanson.
Lisa Ellis : Hi, terrific. Thanks for taking my question. A follow-up there on the regulatory front, I know -- and policy front, I guess, more broadly, you have highlighted now several times that you expect 2023 to be a significant year for crypto policy. There's a lot of moving pieces here for us. So in your view, overall, what are the top like three or four things that would constitute a win on the policy or regulatory front over the next year?
Brian Armstrong : Yeah. Well, I want to temper expectations a little bit. I think any time new legislation gets passed, it's kind of -- a lot of stars have to align for that to happen, and for good reason, at least in the United States government. So we're going to keep pushing on that. I don't -- we don't know exactly what the chances are of that happening specifically this year, but I think over time, the chances are quite good.  There's a number of different areas that people are looking at. I mean one of them is simply on stablecoin front. And I think there's generally a pretty broad consensus amongst Congress, the folks that I've spoken with, that we do want to bring that into the regulatory perimeter and to new legislation that just had some good best practices around making sure that funds were audited, things were back to one to one. That would be a great win, and we could see some progress there. I think the other one is really around how to carve up the territory between CFTC and SEC, what's the crypto commodity, what's the crypto security, what is something else entirely like a stablecoin or artwork likes NFTs. And I think we could use sort of an updated definition of the Howie test, which was created before computers even existed, back in the 1930s, and really kind of clarify how does this apply to digital assets. I think that would be another core piece.  And there's a number of other rules there that I think just, again, apply the best practices from traditional financial services around let's have a great anti-money laundering program and get rid of any kind of wash trading and reasonable kind of KYC procedures and things like that. So those are a couple of the things that I think would help. And then if we get all that stuff working, then we could probably think about how DeFi d could fit in the regulatory perimeter or not.  And so these are all different areas that could be looked at. But probably stablecoins and some of the early things would be the first ones to get looked at. Paul or anybody else want to add anything?
Paul Grewal : The only thing I would add, Brian, is that back in July of last year, as mentioned earlier, we did file a petition for rule-making with the SEC that outlined dozens and dozens, some things like more than 50 questions that we believe need to be answered in order to bring regulatory clarity to the digital asset space. We think an excellent start would be to initiate rule-making as we requested, so that not just Coinbase but everyone in the industry, and frankly, anyone with an interest in digital assets, can then have an opportunity to provide input to the commission and help the commission achieve the right balance between protecting consumers and investors, on the one hand, and promoting nnovateon on the other.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pete Christiansen of Citi. Pete, your line is open.
Pete Christiansen : I'm sorry, can you hear me?
Brian Armstrong : Yeah, we can hear you.
Pete Christiansen : Okay. All right. Just remind us how much you think about how modest -- is that primarily from Citi? Then I just have a quick follow-up.
Emilie Choi : I'm so sorry, Pete, you cut in and out. We heard a question on monetization, but we couldn't identify which product.
Pete Christiansen : Sorry. If you could just take us through the integration with Aladdin and how we should think about monetization progressing there? Is that going to be primarily from Citi?
Emilie Choi : I'm sorry. Thank you for clarifying your question. So we don't have a material update around the integrated Aladdin. As we announced, we are now in and on the back end, but the monetization is going to be that customers who have Aladdin can also serve in the Coinbase. So we're hopeful that what this does is put crypto side by side with other stocks, bonds or tradable assets of hedge funds and asset managers.  And it enables them to risk manage to have operational control commensurate in crypto that they could in other asset classes. And so those customers were also onboard onto Coinbase base and trade on our products and services and monetize on our platform. And then there's going to be, obviously, some sort of commercial agreement between us and BlackRock. We haven't provided public information on at this time.
Pete Christiansen : That's helpful. And then finally, Brian, I would love to hear your take on kind of like the pulse right now at the company. Now on your second restructuring, obviously, there's just been a lot of volatility all around. Just wondering if you could comment basically on the pulse of your people there, perhaps the sense of how employee engagement is faring under these conditions?
Brian Armstrong : Yeah, I can touch on that just briefly. I think actually, overall engagement is pretty good. We have a lot of people who are really just passionate about the mission. And they want to see this happen in the world. And so some of them have been through crypto cycles before. I mean this is the fourth one I've been through, but many of the people at the company have gone through crypto cycles before.  They're relatively unfazed by it. It's only people who maybe it was their first time going through something like this, it's a little scary. But they've seen when people were irrational exuberance and when people had to share about Coin the past and they've kept building.  And I think what people ended up realizing was that actually in the down cycle, it's sometimes better, you come to appreciate the down cycles. Because there's less noise, all the people who are in it for the wrong reason to kind of wash out and the people who are true builders in the space kind of have some time to get some real work done. So a lot of the best innovation actually happens in down markets.
Pete Christiansen : That's helpful. Thank you. 
Anil Gupta : Okay. Well, we're out of time for today's call. So thank you for joining us, and we look forward to speaking to you again on our next call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-03 03:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Abby, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coinbase Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] Thank you. Anil Gupta, Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Anil Gupta: Good afternoon and welcome to the Coinbase third quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Brian Armstrong, Co-Founder and CEO; Emilie Choi, President and COO; and Alesia Haas, CFO. I hope you've all had the opportunity to read our shareholder letter, which was published on our Investor Relations website earlier today. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause these results to differ is included in our SEC filings. Our discussion today will also include references to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in our shareholder letter on our IR website. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, GAAP measures. We are once again using the Say Technologies platform to enable our shareholders to post questions. And in addition, we will take some questions from our research analysts. With that, I'll turn it over to Brian and Alesia for some opening comments.
Brian Armstrong: Thanks, Anil. All right. So as I look back at the quarter, obviously there were some macro headwinds just the macro environment being down and that ties directly into our trading revenue, but I was really excited to see the growth in our subscription and services revenue. This is something where three plus years ago we started planting the seeds of building some of these different product lines with different revenue streams. And we've really started to see that come to fruition, which means the portfolio of products that Coinbase has and works on has started to provide less volatility for the parent company revenue overall. We still have a long ways to go on that, but it's a great trend and it's moving in the right direction. So I just wanted to touch on a few topics. One is I want to touch on our move to a product group structure in the company that I think will help us move even faster. And then I'm going to touch on the regulatory environment and I'll end by sharing a few thoughts about how we're going to continue to lead in this environment. All right, so you may have read the news that our Chief Product Officer is going to be leaving the company. And this kind of accelerated a change that we had been thinking about for a little while, which was the idea of elevating our product group leaders in the org. And so we decided to make that change and they're now going to be reporting directly to me. They'll be on the executive team. And we really have three different customer segments that Coinbase serves. And so we – the product groups cleanly breakdown across those three customer segments, we've got consumers, institutions, and developers. Now we're going to have a fourth product group, which we're calling platform and this product group is there to build the shared components across the different product groups that all of our products use, for instance, connecting into with different blockchains out there, generating transactions, storing crypto, things like that. So I'm really excited about this change for few reasons. I think that we're a big enough company now where we want to have more autonomy and P&L ownership for each of the different product group leaders. We want to give them the ability to move quickly and nimbly pushing down decision making in the org, having them operate a little bit like three different startups within our larger company. And I'm really excited to see what the leaders of each of those product groups can do and we have some really incredible talents and rising stars in the company and we're giving them more, more ownerships here, which I think will drive our efficiency at scale, which is a – by the way I put out a blog post earlier this year and how we're going to operate efficiently at scale, it's probably good to go back and look at that too. So let me just touch on the regulatory environment as well, because of course the regulatory environment I think is one of the biggest unlocks that we're going to have in term of growing this industry and perhaps even getting the prices to go back up in the right direction. By the way, there's an opportunity at some point for the crypto prices to potentially decouple I think from the broader macro environment. And we don't know if that – that'll happen, but I think it's one of the possibilities and regulatory clarity is one of the things that could help kick that off. So just generally, if I look at the whole world, because of course we're engaging with policymakers all over the world. The G20, with the exception of China, has actually been generally positive moving towards regulatory clarity, whether it's in Europe or in Hong Kong or in Australia or Brazil. We're seeing regulatory clarity emerge around the globe, and that's really exciting and positive. U.S. I would say is a little bit behind, but it's also moving in a positive direction. There's a bill going through Congress called the Stabenow Boozman Bill or simultaneously it's being referred to as the DCCPA, the Digital Currency Consumer Protection Act. And this is a really positive development. Overall it gives spot market authority to the CFTC. It helps clarify the regulatory environment for centralized exchanges and custodians, which, of course, is a primary thing that we do. And it clarifies some of the regulation around stablecoin, which is also good. Now there's also part of the language in the bill that we're going back and forth with policymakers helping provide input and draft some of this is around DeFi. And look I think that DeFi and self-custodial wallets are a super important part of where crypto is going. When you hear about Web3 and decentralized apps or DApps and DeFi itself, these are really essential to have the ability for new companies and participants to go build these protocols and really give access to these tools to people all over the world, including the 1.7 billion people in the world who don’t have access to any bank account or financial services today. So we’d like to see DeFi preserved and the innovation potential of that preserve. I really think in this Stabenow-Boozman Bill everybody can basically agree that centralized exchanges and custodians should be regulated. And in an ideal world, I think we would really just focus the Bill on that plus stablecoins and just take the win. There’s a lot of good work to do for the industry and regulation. We can come back to DeFi later. But if DeFi needs to be included and somehow maybe there’s a way to sort of create further study and not necessarily opine on something so early in that Bill. So anyway, we’re very excited to see that Bill make its way through Congress. It has bipartisan support. I think it would be a great change actually to the current environment in the U.S. where unfortunately, we’re seeing this kind of regulation by enforcement from the SEC. And I do think that’s creating a chilling effect on the U.S. market. It’s harming U.S. investors in the sense that it’s encouraging them to go to offshore exchanges that are less regulated and or are not regulated. And we’d like to see that change in the U.S. and for there to be regulatory clarity so that the U.S. can continue to be a leader in this space. As we’re working on all these policy efforts, we’re also not just sitting back idly, we’re going to continue to build and innovate across all of our product suites, and it’s going to continue to make us think about how we’re making investments internationally, because of course our mission has increased economic freedom for the world. And there’s various jurisdictions around the world that are a little further ahead on the regulatory clarity, or they’re even trying to attract crypto businesses there, building something or people can serve the rest of the world. And so we have to think about all of that at the same time as we help these policy efforts come to fruition in countries around the world. So yes, just in this down environment, the down market I should say, I’m actually really excited and energized. We’ve been through four crypto cycles in the last 10 years at Coinbase. And it’s kind of funny, I actually enjoyed the down cycles a little bit more. In up cycles, there’s tons of scaling effort that has to happen and a lot of people rush into crypto for sometimes the wrong reasons. In the down markets, you get to focus on building and everyone’s there who’s a true believer and a true builder, and that’s no different in this case. There’s a ton of innovation happening. There’s still a ton of institutions signing up, kind of getting ready to take advantage when this market, we find the bottom of the macro environment. And Coinbase is going to continue to lead in this environment doing what we’ve always done in the sense that we’re taking a very trusted and compliant approach globally. We’re not trying to cut new corners or move too fast. We’re trying to do the right thing for the long term, even if it’s more difficult in the short term. I think that’ll pay off for us. We’re also leaning into all the variety of different use cases that are emerging in the crypto economy. We’re leaning into Web3 usage, building a lot of this functionality natively into our app. Trading is great. It’s a – and it’s been a big source of revenue for us. It’ll continue to be in the future, but we also want to support all of the use cases, crypto not just trading so that the crypto economy can really come to fruition. And that’ll be a diversity of different revenue streams that come into our platform. We’re trying to make crypto easier to use and that’s how we’re going to get 1 billion people and eventually half the world on to using crypto and benefiting from it. So I think Coinbase has been a leader in terms of ease of use and, and design. And of course we have a – we’re one of the companies that has a portfolio of different products. And so this is great. Our customers love it. They can just sign up once, but anything they want to do with crypto, it’s easy. They already have their crypto stored with us. It’s just one more click to buy an NFT or stake and earn yield on their crypto. And so the portfolio products that we’ve created, I think is unmatched in the industry and we’ll continue to build that out. So with that, let me turn it over to Alesia who’s going to go through our Q3 numbers.
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Brian. I’m just going to quickly recap a few key financial highlights in the quarter. Our results are covered in great detail and at length in our shareholder letter. So while our net revenue did decline sequentially to $576 million, our net loss and adjusted EBITDA both improved sequentially to negative $545 million and negative $116 million respectively. And we think this really speaks to the cost management efforts that we took in Q3. Our trading volume declined 44% sequentially driven by ongoing headwinds that we discussed in our letter. Our MTUs declined 6% to 8.5 million as user behaviors continuing to shift from trading to non-trading transactions. And our users are increasingly engaging in staking and reward generating products, amid this massive reduction in prices and lower crypto asset price volatility. We are so pleased, and Brian alluded to this earlier, that our subscription services revenue grew 43% sequentially to $211 million. And importantly, if we hold price constant, so if Q3 prices were the same price they were in Q2, that would’ve grown 82%. The biggest contributor within this line item is interest income, which is benefiting from the rising interest rate environment. We took very decisive action on cost and we were able to reduce our operating expenses by 38% sequentially, or 22% when you back out the impact of non-cash impairment charges on our crypto assets. We are actively updating and evaluating our scenario plans and prepared to reduce operating expenses further as market conditions worsen. We ended the quarter with 5.6 billion in total U.S. dollar resources. In addition, we held a portfolio of $483 million in crypto assets and combined, we believe this puts us in a strong position to manage through these market headwinds we face. So just in closing, I want to touch on our outlook. For 2022, for full year 2022, we remain cautiously optimistic that we will be able to operate within the $500 million adjusted EBITDA loss guardrail that we previously communicated. This is assuming the market cap doesn't go down and deteriorate meaningfully below October, and we don't see any changes in the customer behaviors. As we approach 2023 planning, we're currently preparing with a conservative bias and assuming the current macroeconomic headwinds will persist and potentially intensify. We are not providing a quantitative outlook yet this time. So to conclude, we feel confident that we're in a good position to manage through the stress market and will emerge stronger on the other side. So with that, let's go to questions, Anil.
Anil Gupta: Great. Thank you both. Before we get into Q&A, I'll quickly reiterate our call principles. So first, we'll answer the most uploaded questions determined by the number of shares and we might group questions together that touch on the same themes. Second, we don't plan to answer questions related to the potential listing of new assets. And third, we'll avoid questions we've answered in the past or issued blog posts about in the past if there are no material updates. So with that, the first question is from Manuel O. who asked what's the prediction for the next five years. Brian?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. Thanks, Anil. So, of course, just to clarify, we always have to say we can't actually predict the future. I don't want to make the lawyers too nervous here on forward-looking statements, but I kind of like this quote. The best way to predict the future is to invent it. So we can certainly do our best to build some of the things that we think have potential, and that's – it's a great way that people can have an impact on the world. So I mean what's going to be different in crypto in five years? Well, look, as I addressed earlier, I think there's going to be more clear regulatory environments across the G20 and really around the world. That's going to unlock a lot more institutional capital. We're seeing that under the surface, even in this challenging market, we're seeing the adoption from [indiscernible] investors that are basically signing up to our Coinbase Prime platform and I like the language that we used in the shareholder letter around the spring is coiling. I think there's a lot of people preparing for when the next upswings happen. I think the scalability of the blockchain will continue to improve. We saw this a little bit with Ethereum's merge this year, but they have a lot more updates there. We're seeing other blockchains continue to scale with Lightning Network and various Layer 2 solutions, which is really exciting. That will just unlock a whole bunch of new use cases and is similar to how the Internet moved from dial-up to broadband. I think decentralized trading with DEXes, decentralized exchanges, will continue to grow as a percentage of all global trading, and we're excited about that. I think you'll see actually more countries in the world adopt cryptocurrency as legal tender, kind of in the way that El Salvador did with Bitcoin. I know that they were a very early adopter, and there is probably going to be – in the next five years, I would be surprised if we didn't see other countries continue to adopt cryptocurrency as their legal tender, similar to how some countries actually just pegged their currency to the U.S. dollar. I think a lot of countries are also going to pursue central bank digital currencies. And in the U.S., I think actually USD Coin will end up being kind of a de facto central bank digital currency in the U.S. In other words, the policymakers in the U.S. will set the frameworks that need to be followed, but the private market will actually create the solutions and USD Coin has been on a really rapid rise. And I think it will probably be the largest in the world at that point, ahead of Tether, if I had to guess. I think crypto will just start to have a really big impact on economic freedom. That's kind of what we believe is going to happen. That's the mission of Coinbase. And the market will recognize us for the long-term and thoughtful approach that we've made around compliance, trust, security and ease of use. And hopefully, we have, at that time, a billion people using crypto. Today, I think there's probably 200 million, 300 million people in the world, who've used crypto. And I think we could easily be at a billion people using crypto within five years. But again, we can't tell for sure and this is going to take a lot of hard work.
Anil Gupta: Great. Our next question comes from Cordaro S. who asked how does Coinbase plan on surviving the current economic downturn? Brian?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. Well, just one kind of language knit I'll mention there. I don't like the word just surviving in the current economic downturn. I think there is actually opportunities to thrive in this environment. And whether the market is up, there's opportunities. Obviously, we could raise money at higher valuations or whatever, but in down markets, there's also opportunities all around us. There's opportunities to do good M&A deals, and we're looking at a lot of those. We've got dry powder to take advantage of that when prices come down. And there is all kinds – there's opportunities to build, right? If we don't have to focus so much on just scaling in a hyper-growth environment, there's opportunities to help build the future, pay down tech debt. We're seeing a lot of improvements across our technical infrastructure just around tech debt that will help us get to the next order of magnitude in the next run. So there's lots of opportunities to thrive. Of course, subscription and services is another big one that I mentioned, right? We planted those seeds to diversify revenue streams. That's really coming to fruition. And we don't know exactly what will take off in the next cycle. So we've got to continue building and innovating. That's part of why I'm so excited about how we're making Web3 easier to use. There's, I think, a lot of exciting work happening with decentralized social media, Dow's decentralized gaming, all these things we need to make – the Metaverse, right? People want to own digitally native items inside the Metaverse and various games. So we need to make sure all these things get easier and easier to use over time, and we've got opportunities with our products there as well, not just around trading but all these other use cases. Let's see what else. I mean we're continuing to do great partnerships, BlackRock and Meta and Google. As a public company, I think we've been really delighted to see that. Other public companies are willing and excited to work with us and our diligence processes with them has gone even better. And just overall, I think we're going to manage through this the way we've done through the last crypto – the last four crypto cycles that we've been through as a company. So obviously, we have to be rigorous about managing costs and things like that, but there's good revenue growth opportunities in these different areas. And yes, we're going to keep operating efficiently and making some of these changes like around our product groups.
Alesia Haas: Right. If I could, I'd just like to add on a couple of numbers behind your comments. So just to add on to this question, we did end Q3 with $5.6 billion in total USD resources and $480 million in crypto, so over $6 billion in combined crypto and cash resources. On our operating expense side, as I mentioned earlier, we reduced our operating expense by 22%, excluding impairments. And we're continuing to manage expenses very closely given the macro conditions. And just a final thought for me I think it's important to share how our team thinks about operating through these volatile crypto markets. And as a team, we spend a lot of time thinking through a variety of scenarios and developing contingency plans. We believe we have the balance sheet to weather a multiyear downturn, and we have action plans we would develop to lower our expenses or extend our runway if needed.
Anil Gupta: We had several questions about competition. I'll summarize them by saying how do you plan to compete with companies that offer zer7 fee trades or other companies that are starting to get into the U.S. market. Emilie?
Emilie Choi: Thanks for the question. So we are seeing a lot of headlines about zero fees, and I want to make sure we unpack that a little bit. So there's two ways that companies generally generate revenue through trading. There is spread and there is a fee. And companies that say zero fee are still generating a spread or charging a partner. So right now, we are roughly in line with other companies in terms of our total costs. In any case, customers are willing to pay for our premium product, and we talked before about we are not going to compete on price because of the quality of the product. We also offer Coinbase One as subscription product where customers can do zero fee trades. So then now let me move on to how we compete. At the highest level, our goal is to grow the share of users and wallet across our three customer segments: consumer, institutional and developer. We have three major differentiators for value props. One is that we are the most trusted. We've always taken a long-term view on compliance and security, and we're widely viewed as the safest and most compliant player in the space. Ease-of-use, we know that crypto is too complex for the average person, and with Coinbase people can get the utility of crypto technology without having to understand all of the technical details. Finally, we have an integrated product suite. We know that there will be many winners in crypto and there is going to be plenty of opportunities for everyone to extract great TAM. But Coinbase is one of the only places where you can have one crypto account and do every sort of crypto activity. You can trade, stake, pay, borrow, earn, create, et cetera. And we believe that we have begun to prove out this multiproduct strategy. So examples of this, one is that we started to invest in USDC back in 2018. We invested in staking in 2019. And now we're seeing that these efforts are yielding pretty great results as demonstrated by the growth of our subscription and services revenue. And we continue to plant seeds for future growth through partnerships like the ones we've announced with BlackRock, Google and others. And then finally, as we look towards big opportunities and big TAM expansion, we should note that our product suite has historically been focused around crypto spot market, specifically U.S. spot markets. And that is a great opportunity, but that's also a smaller TAM compared with the global crypto trading market. So as we look at product and geographic expansion opportunities to grow revenue in a larger TAM market, that includes things like derivatives in the U.S. and globally, we think there's a lot of ways to expand that TAM. So, in summary, lots of TAM expanding moves. We believe that being the most trusted, easiest to use in having an integrated product suite over time across these three different customer segments is going to help us continue to win share of users in wallet over time.
Anil Gupta: Thanks. Our next question comes from Ezra W. who asked what are the ways you can diversify your revenue and profits from crypto prices. Alesia?
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the question, Ezra. So I think it's important to start with we're a crypto company and we're 100%. We're all in all crypto. So our revenue and profits will be intrinsically tied to the overall crypto market in some form or fashion. However, we can dampen the effect of direct comparison. So today, our largest revenue stream, trading revenues, is directly correlated with crypto prices and crypto price volatility. So we experience that volatility as you can see over the last 18 months as prices were rising in the high volume in 2021, we generated a lot of revenue. As prices have come down and volatility has come down, we've had trading headwinds this year. So we are very proud of our trading platform, and we recognize that there is going to be volatility given how early we are in this industry. But because of that volatility, years ago, we started investing in new revenue streams, specifically our subscription and services revenues. And this has been comments that you've heard from Brian and Emilie earlier that it takes time to build these great products and for them to achieve scale. But we're really proud that we started to planning the seeds back in 2018 with a cofounding center with great USDC. In 2019, we rolled out our first staking asset. And you can now see both of these products generating significant growth within our subscription and services revenue lines. In 2020, I think it's important to note that subscription and services was $45 million in full year revenue, $45 million. In 2021, it grew to over $500 million. And this year, our outlook is now over $700 million, and that's despite the headwinds we talked about in the crypto market and significant price declines. So we're pleased with the progress we're making, and we think that we need to continue to invest here to create the multiproduct strategy and this will diversify the drivers of our revenue and dampen out some of the volatility we see.
Anil Gupta: Our next question comes from Manuel O. who asked how are you planning to detach the share value from Bitcoin value. Alesia?
Alesia Haas: All right. Different question, same flavor. So we just talked about diversifying our revenues to reduce P&L volatility from crypto prices. And it's a similar answer on reducing the correlation in our stock coin from Bitcoin. So again, Bitcoin is the largest crypto asset by market cap, and we generate meaningful revenue from Bitcoin trading and test fees. So I think there will always be some element of correlation between our stock and Bitcoin. But I think it's important to note that this has not been a consistent relationship. So interestingly, there's some periods of 80%, 90% correlation between Coin and Bitcoin and in Q3, we have really low correlation. It was approximately 30%. So I don't know how investors are thinking of this, but I think there's a few things that I think are important to note. So one is not all asset managers or large investors actually have the ability to directly invest in spot Bitcoin. And so as the first public company, some investors are gaining access to Bitcoin and crypto broadly via Coin. And so, they're using our stock as a proxy for how they may or may not have traded the underlying spot assets. We believe as ETFs to hopefully get approved and more crypto companies go public, I can see less correlation between Coin and Bitcoin. Further to these trends, we could see less correlation with the development of more institutional trading alongside financing and derivative markets in the U.S. where investors could have more vehicles, easy access to short Bitcoin directly as opposed to Coinbase. Lastly, it comes back to what I said before. The more we can create multiproduct strategies with different revenue drivers and diversify our P&L, I think we'll see less correlation to any single coin or crypto overall. And that is the thing that is most in our control to drive that product strategy, deliver value to our customers and what we are singularly focused on.
Anil Gupta: Our next question comes from Steven J. who asks what software or technological updates does Coinbase have on the way?
Brian Armstrong: Yes, I can take that one. So well, first of all, I don't want to preannounce anything that's coming down the pipe here, but I just can talk generally about what technology updates, I think, that we have in the process or we have already live that are really powerful for us. So one of them, I think, is sort of underappreciated is actually our MPC or multiparty competition tech stack. For those who aren't familiar, MPC is a way that you can store crypto securely using different keys in different secure environment. Without getting into the technical details of it, what it does is it allows us to store crypto more securely in our hot wallet and things like that. It also enables functionality like in our app, we have something called Adapt Wallet, which allows customers even using our core retail app to go access Web3 apps and decentralized apps. Sorry, if this is too much technical jargon, but basically it allows the customers to go access these third-party apps and participate just like they would with a self-custodial wallet, but they have all the security and protection that they normally rely on in Coinbase. This was a core piece of technology that we developed in-house. We got a lot of key talent came in through the acquisition of Unbound, some real cryptography and the cybersecurity experts that made this work in practice. And I think this is going to be actually a really a core differentiator for us over time. Other core technology updates, I mean, we acquired FairX, our derivatives exchange, and that has allowed us to have some really best-in-class IP in-house to make the most reliable and scalable exchange over time, both on spot and derivatives. I think Coinbase NFT had a really cool update recently where we actually began aggregating listings across various marketplaces out there. And one thing that's really nice about the blockchains and the interoperability of these different protocols is that it allows us to interface clean with the various apps and ecosystems marketplaces out there to build a world-class experience just for our customers using Coinbase NFT. And then, of course, we've been working a lot on a service-oriented architecture and our scalability in the background, especially during this down market, there's – we want to make sure we can get to a billion users over time, and that requires a lot of investments in our tech stack. By moving to this service oriented architecture, it's allowed us to be – it's improved the performance and scalability, but it's also improved the resiliency of our app in the sense that if one aspect of our app has a problem, it doesn't bring down the whole app. It's -- generally things would degrade gracefully. And these are the kinds of investments that you've seen in major – all major tech companies at scale, Google and Amazon. And it's really seen our tech stack evolve from the startup that we used to be. We still keep a little bit of that start-up culture, but our tech stack now has to be able to serve over 100 million users, and we think that will be over a billion in the future.
Anil Gupta: Okay. Great. We'll take one more question before switching over to the analysts. So Michael T. asked, will my money ever be backed by funds on your Exchange in case of theft and what are your procedures for taking – you are taking to ensure safety? Emilie?
Emilie Choi: Thanks for the question, Michael. So we have invested over the history of the company and being the most trusted player in the space, and we take the responsibility of securing customer funds very seriously. I would add that we're proud that we've never had an event where the systems have been materially compromised in any way. And this is because of all of the things that we have invested in since 2012. We have an industry-leading insurance policy for the hot wallet. We have $1 million account protection for our Coinbase One subscribers. We've invested in best-in-class AI and machine learning fraud detection. We have a 200-plus person security team and live phone support and in-app chat and we'll continue to invest in these things and more. So it is important to know that crypto is a nascent technology. And like many new technologies, scammers will always seek to take advantage of users. So we also invest heavily in educating our users about how to keep their credentials and account safe, for example, using user keys and other things.
Brian Armstrong: Great. So with that, Abby, why don't we turn it over to the analysts for questions?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis from MoffettNathanson.
Lisa Ellis: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions and good stuff here. I wanted to follow up, Brian, on the international strategy. You had highlighted it, I think, in the shareholder letter that crypto trading volumes have been moving offshore over the course of this year. And I noticed you guys recently added Singapore and the Netherlands, and then you also added zero commission trading for fiat to USDC Coin. Can you just kind of tie all of that together for us and holistically talk about how Coinbase is thinking about capturing some of that offshore volume and continuing to expand outside of the U.S.? Thank you.
Brian Armstrong: Yes, sure. So international expansion is really core to our mission of increasing economic freedom in the world. We want to make sure that we’re doing that with a global mindset and we have seen really good progress on the regulatory front acquiring licenses in a variety of different locations. I’m in Singapore right now and we just got our in principal approval for - to hopefully end up with a license here from the Monetary Authority of Singapore which has been a great step in that direction as well. I think that we have seen the percentage of U.S. spot trading has shrunk from the beginning of this year as we’ve seen more of it go over overseas and that’s – I don’t know the exact reason for that. I think the chilling effect that some of the regulatory environment and the rhetoric there may not have helped. So it is causing us to make sure we have our international markets served even more fully. And I don’t want to share anything too much beyond that at this point, but it’s important for us to make sure we have global coverage and we are serving customers from the best jurisdictions that we can globally and we need to see the regulatory environment evolve and get to that clarity both in the U.S. and in other markets where we’ll continue to invest. Emilie, Alesia, anything you want to add?
Emilie Choi: No, that covers it.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Owen Lau from Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: Thank you for taking my question. So based on my math Coinbase has a loss of about $247 million [ph] in adjusted EBITDA year-to-date. If trading volume or if trading revenue stayed at October level and you continue to benefit from rising rates, is there any reason why you have a loss of over $250 million in EBITDA in the fourth quarter? And then without getting any – into any specific guidance your adjusted EBITDA – your adjusted EBITDA loss has been shrinking. Could you please talk about if you have any aspirational goal of achieving positive adjusted EBITDA in the near term? Thank you.
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the questions Owen. So as we articulated in our outlook right now, we are just really focused on operating to the guardrail metric that we set forth. And we are being prudent in our expense management. We are prudently trying to grow our subscription services, but we are facing headwinds on trading. So there’s nothing that I have to specifically talk about that could be a one time loss at this time in Q4. But our focus is just managing towards that 500. And specifically, no, we are thinking about investing as much as we can for growth. As Brian said, there’s a lot of exciting areas that we can invest in the crypto market and we want to ensure that we are investing through the cycle that we are opportunistically reserving dry powder from M&A opportunities. And so we’re not immediately focused on getting to EBITDA profitable. We are trying to manage to profitability across a cycle as we set forth in our S-1 [ph] public about 18 months ago, that when we’re in bull runs, we’re going to make profits when we’re in downturns, we’re going to take prudent losses and we do those in the construct of the overall balance sheet capacity that we have. So it is not a near-term goal of ours or focus of ours to drive the EBITDA positive in the near term. However, if markets – the couple, as Brian said is a possibility, we could see ourselves retraining EBITDA, but it’s not an intentional goal that the management team is setting forth with.
Brian Armstrong: Yes, similar to what Alesia said, I think it’s important just to kind of touch on it and reiterate this point about managing through cycles, right? So last year in 2021, we did roughly 7 billion of revenue and 4 billion of positive EBITDA. And so this year we’re going to – we’re targeting this negative 500 million EBITDA as our guardrail. So you can see that in up markets we will do quite a lot of positive EBITDA and in down market we don’t want it to be excessive, but I think it’s reasonable to have some moderate amount of negative EBITDA and burn there just to continue to invest through cycles, especially given the strength of our balance sheet. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of a sense of how we’re thinking about it.
Operator: The next question comes from a line of Kenneth Worthington from JPMorgan Securities.
Kenneth Worthington: Good afternoon, Thanks for taking my questions. I have two on the competitive environment, I’m going to try to wrap together. So first we see Binance offering a number of, I’ll say pricing concessions or promotions. Does the pricing seem to be having an impact on retail behavior that you see as sort of persistent or sustainable? And if so, is it impacting the type of customer that you want on the Coinbase platform? And then second, I know it’s still early days for Coinbase One, but it is up and running. How effective is Coinbase One a response for free trading offerings elsewhere? And can you walk us through the characteristic of a target Coinbase One customer and how the transition impacts the overall economics of Coinbase?
Brian Armstrong: Yes, I think this from a couple directions. Yes, go ahead, Emilie.
Emilie Choi: Sure. Why don’t I start and Brian and Alesia, please jump in. I think that to your first question, we do clearly some competitors can kind of drive market share with zero fees in certain parts of the market. And I just want to reiterate my point about the fact that there’s still spread in, there still a fee and that companies that say zero fee are still generating a spread. We’ve found that when we benchmark, we’re roughly in line with other companies and we are not going to compete on price because of the premium nature of our offering. I can’t speak to the percentage of users that might kind of go for zero fees on a competitor site. I can say that the nature of the users that we have is one where they tend to be fairly stickier during these crypto winters. They tend to be huddlers and hold on to their holdings and are less active but then come back as the market comes back a bit. Whereas, there are other behaviors where very active traders might be trading in long tail assets and potentially are more price sensitive and go to those other platforms during these times. Alesia, do you want to add on?
Alesia Haas: Yes, there’s a couple things I’d like to add on. Thanks, Emilie. The first is, and we shared this in our shareholder letter, that even though our retail investors and Emilie alluded to this, are not trading as much, we do not see them leading our platform. And so when we look at our retention rates of those customers, IED, holdings in their wallets, it’s very high retention rates and it’s very comparable to the same behaviors we saw in the 2018, 2019 time period. And so what we see is that our retail investors just go into huddling mode. They seek out yield, they seek out other activities they can do at their crypto, but they’re not converting it to fiat and leaving the platform. They’re not sending their crypto to competitors and then trading on those platforms. They may indeed have other accounts away from Coinbase, which we can’t see, but we don’t see behavior of our customers leaving our platform. I want to touch on the Coinbase One question though, because we really are excited about this product offering. So the purpose of Coinbase One is to be a product for all of our users if we think it offers a series of benefits that can enable everybody to have $1 million of account protection and produced by its premium customer service. It provides low monthly fee to be able to get unlimited trading in just other perks and access to our platform. So we’ve seen really good both paid and total subscriber based growth quarter-over-quarter, and we have not made these numbers public. It’s in our other subscription and services revenue within the breakout of our revenue on our P&L. But we’re seeing good behavior and we’re seeing the ARPU of these customers is higher than our other users once they’re engaged with Coinbase One.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Benjamin Budish from Barclays.
Benjamin Budish: Hi guys. Thanks so much for taking my question. I wanted to ask about USDC obviously kind of the biggest driver of your interest income in the quarter. Can you maybe talk about, I know it’s a little bit hard to as Brian said, you can’t predict the future, but what’s sort of your kind of near to medium term outlook? And maybe can you talk about the things that are within your control? Perhaps, the – your expectations for Coinbase generated issuance of USDC where do you see the biggest opportunities? Is it retail users looking to use it to engage in DeFi? Is it institutional customers? That would be helpful.
Alesia Haas: Maybe I’ll start with this one and feel free to add on Brian and Emilie. So we’ve made a series of announcements recently around USDC that we think can really help drive adoption. So, for example, we want to make USDC more accessible to our global customer base. We have now made the fees commensurate with our U.S. customers in Europe. So customers who want to buy USDC with euros or GDP do not have any fees to do so. We think this will really generate growth for non-U.S. holders of this asset. We’ve also started to pay out yield on USDC, the word technically. And we made announcement with MakerDAO, which is a large D5 protocol, where they’re going to bring 1.6 billion of USDC to our platform, and we’re going to pay them a 1.5% reward rate. So we think continuing to make USDC, frankly a better dollar, meaning it’s faster, it’s 24/7/365, and now it pays an attractive reward rate, will help with adoption not only for us, for folks who are looking to have a stable crypto as they think about trading and moving to other assets, but getting access to a U.S. dollar exposure and non – in countries that don’t have easy access. So those are some of the growth initiatives that we have within our product control that we’re starting to experiment with and roll out. And with regards to our partnership with Circle, we make money in two ways. One is just with regards to the USDC we hold in our platform. So a lot of these initiatives that I spoke to will hopefully grow assets on our platform and that we would generate revenues through that behavior. And then there’s another prong that the revenue share that’s based on the percent that we distribute of USDC into the ecosystem. Growth in market cap, growth in our behavior and then interest rates are the three drivers of that revenue.
Brian Armstrong: Yes, and I think your question touched on sort of the different use cases across different customer segments and USDC has applicability across many different customer segments. So obviously it’s used in trading pairs quite a bit, right, both in DeFi and with centralized exchanges. So traders use it quite a bit. It’s also used by businesses. We’re seeing some businesses make intercompany payments that way or B2B payments. It’s just faster than getting a wire, it’ll arrive in a few seconds and with less fees than sending wires. So for B2B payments, I think it’s useful. We’re seeing some people do payroll in USDC. We’re seeing venture investments happen with USDC and then retail customers use it as well. I mean, not just to earn yield on their dollars that Alesia mentioned. But there’s many people in the world who would like to have a U.S. bank account, but they can’t actually access it. But through a self custodial wallet or something like that, they can actually hold U.S. dollars through USD coins. So it’s applicable across a wide variety of use cases. And as I said in the opening remarks, I think the – USDC will probably end up being kind of like a defacto central bank digital currency for the U.S. which is a little different than some other countries that are trying to really create it themselves. So yes, I think the use cases are many.
Operator: The next question comes to the line of Will Nance from Goldman Sachs.
Will Nance: Hey, guys. Appreciate you taking the question. I guess I just want to understand, how important do you think it is for Coinbase to be a U.S. domicile company? If we see so much crypto activity moving overseas, I mean, do you guys ever make the decision or that, you need to be more active in international markets to protect or potentially even primarily in international markets in order to compete with all that’s happening at outside of the U.S. in the ecosystem?
Brian Armstrong: It’s a good question. Just zooming out, I mean, look, I think it’s the right long-term choice to be have the parent company based in the U.S. and of course we have entities in a variety of countries around the world. So we can serve. I don’t think we’re especially hindered in that regard in the sense that we can spin up an entity and in another region that serves non-U.S. customers. And I think our hands are not necessarily tied in that regard. But look, this was a big decision even going back to the very founding of the company. I didn’t really know, this was back in 2012. I didn’t really know how the ready for landscape would evolve in the U.S. and I did – the thought did cross my mind, at that time was like, should I go create company in Hong Kong or Singapore or somewhere, Switzerland or something like that. But I made the decision back then to actually build the company in the U.S. and I felt like, look, it may be a bit difficult, it might be a bit more difficult because the U.S. doesn’t always act as quickly or nimbly as some kind of like a special economic zone as like Hong Kong or Singapore, but I think it’s the right bet long term, right? In the sense that can read Ray Dalio’s changing world order, who knows what’ll happen in 50 years. But at least for today, the United States is kind of the leading economy and it’s the best place with rule of law and strong property rights and everything to build a global company that can reach the rest of the world. So yes, I would say sometimes it’s felt like we’re actually at a disadvantage and it’s caused us to move more slowly than foreign competitors. Some of that by the way, is just our own execution that’s fully in our control, but other times it’s the regulatory environment. It does feel like we’re almost facing unnecessary headwinds given – trying to do the right thing, right, which is definitely frustrating. But I think it’s the right long term bet and it’s going to allow us to prevail as a like company that stands the test of time globally. And regulators don’t always act quickly, but they do eventually act. And so we’ll see that regulatory clarity here in the U.S. and we’ll see hopefully a more level playing field emerge globally over time.
Emilie Choi: And Brian, I would just also add to reiterate this is, I think when you see the data so starkly that the volumes are moving offshore, we’re optimistic that us lawmakers, legislators and regulators understand that now is the time to act on very sensible regulation so that innovation and technology and tax sellers can actually happen in the U.S.
Brian Armstrong: Yes, I think that’s right. I mean, that’s the message that we deliver a lot in meetings with policy makers is by pushing so hard on the local companies, you’re not actually protecting investors. You’re just encouraging them to move offshore to even less regulated options, right? So that’s an important message I think for all regulators to hear. And even here in Singapore, I’ve been not meeting with MAS and Temasek and GIC and various parties and there’s a similar message here, which is that Singapore – current Singapore regulators are some of the most sophisticated in the world. They’ve been very open to having institutions, crypto institutions operate here and stablecoin, but they were a little hesitant recently on retail trading and self hosted wallets. And I kind of made the point to them like, it’s incompatible. If you want to be a Web3 hub, which Singapore has come out and said, you can’t actually prevent retail trading. You can’t prevent self hosted wallets like the – only way to access Web3 in many cases is through self hosted wallets. So they were very receptive to that conversation. They were eager to work with us. And I think it actually created a much more, I hope we had a positive out outcome there. So yes, I think these regulatory conversations are really important globally to make sure things head in the right direction that protects investors, but also preserve the innovation potential of this technology. We have time for one final question.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Rich Repetto from Piper Sandler.
Rich Repetto: Yes. Good evening, Brian and Alesia. I guess my – I want to be respectful. I am respectful. You’ve been through a crypto winner and – but you have acknowledged, I think Brian and Alesia that this you haven’t been through one with interest rates rising like we have. So I guess my question, I looked at the head count, your head count is down 5% quarter-over-quarter and it’s actually up 25% from year end. And I’m just trying to understand, and you got expenses increasing in the fourth quarter. So just trying to see how you sort of felt like your right size, given the sort of the risk and the potential for loss. If we stay in this crypto went to – and it looks like trading volumes are flat, they’re a little bit down to start. So how do you feel, how did you justify that you right size a company given this volatility?
Alesia Haas: Emilie, I will start and you can add.
Emilie Choi: Okay.
Brian Armstrong: Yes, I’ll start. You feel free to jump in. I mean, so as Alesia mentioned, we targeted this negative 500 million for the year, and at least so far we seem to be on track for that. I do think it’s reasonable to given the positive 4 billion of EBITDA last year to sort of have some kind of moderate negative EBITDA in this down environment. So it’s about investing in the future and we’re so far capitalized well enough to do that, which I think makes sense. Now, of course, we’re just going to continue to monitor the market conditions. I think, it’s very plausible that we’ll see a further down trend in the market in next year. And if we feel that we’re not on track to meet our goals in terms of EBITDA, we’re happy to react to that in that kind of environment. But I think right now we’re basically monitoring the situation and we’re going to see what happens over the coming quarters. Alesia, what do you want to add?
Alesia Haas: No, I think that’s right. I just wanted to reiterate, Rich, that in our outlook, we speak to 2023 as that we’re taking a conservative bias towards the year and that we think that these headwinds could persist and possibly intensify. And so as we do that, we’re doing a lot of scenario planning and understanding what that may mean. We’re not prepared to offer quantitative outlook today, however, I just want to let everyone know that we’re committed to managing our expenses prudently and watching the macro conditions and the business performance closely, and that we’ll continue to update all of our scenarios as conditions involved, and we would take additional actions to further manage our expenses if we deemed that warranted.
Brian Armstrong: Great. Thank you all for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking to you again in our next call.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-09 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Sarah, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coinbase Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions] Anil Gupta, Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Anil Gupta: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to the Coinbase second quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Brian Armstrong, Co-Founder and CEO; and Emilie Choi, President and COO; and Alesia Haas, CFO. I hope you've all had the opportunity to read our shareholder letter, which was published on our IR site earlier today. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause these results to differ is included in our SEC filings. Our discussion today will include references to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in the shareholder letter on our IR website. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, GAAP measures. We are once again using the Say Technologies platform to enable our shareholders to post questions. And in addition, we will take some live questions from our research analysts. Before that, I'll turn it over to Brian and Alesia for some opening comments. Brian?
Brian Armstrong: Thanks, Anil. All right. So for the opening comments, I'd like to touch on three topics. The first is looking at crypto asset cycles broadly and where we are in this one. The second topic is going to be about our product momentum and how we're winning in this environment. And the third is about the regulatory landscape. So let's start by talking about these crypto asset price cycles. So there's a phrase that we say often internally at Coinbase. It's never as good as it seems, and it's never as bad as it seems. And we say that and we learn the truth of it every crypto cycle that we go through. We've actually -- this is probably our fourth crypto cycle that we've gone through. And they always seem a little bit scary, especially if people haven't gone through them before, and this is our first one as a public company. There's lots of things like material Luna collapse, and there's contagion with things like Three Arrows and Voyager and Celsius, although none of these things had any impact on Coinbase. But we've seen this all before. And so what do we do in down cycles at Coinbase? Well, first of all, we keep building. And so in up cycles, it's -- we're usually growing and we have to focus a lot on scaling. And so in down cycles, it's actually kind of a breath of fresh air. We get to go back and focus on paying down tech debt, doing innovation in our products, growing our existing products. And so it's been kind of nice to get back to that and keep focusing on building great products for customers. The other big thing we do is we focus on managing expenses closely to make sure that we can outlast any kind of down cycle. And we intentionally raised capital in 2021 to ensure that we had a really strong balance sheet going into this downturn, which has been great. We also historically have seen casual competitors take a step back in down markets, and that's been to our benefit over time. Sometimes there's interesting M&A opportunities that arise and things like that. And then every prior cycle has landed higher than the previous one due to the innovations that got built during those downturns. And so, I think it's really important to kind of zoom out and look at the performance of Coinbase across these cycles. And so, one thing we put in the earnings letter was just looking back over the last two years, if you compare our results to Q2 of 2020, of course, we had COVID in there as well, but I think looking over crypto cycle is important. Our verified users have nearly tripled in that time frame. Our monthly transacting users have grown 6x. Our total quarterly trading volume has increased 8x. Our asset platform has increased nearly 4x. So, more than 2/3 of our MTUs are now engaging with multiple of our products. That number was just 20% two years ago. And our subscription and services revenue, which is more predictable, has contributed 18% to our total net revenue, which was only up 4% two years ago. So you have to really remember that crypto is not linear. Any given quarter could be up or down or even any given year. But if you evaluate the business across price cycles, it tells a much different story. So that's a little bit about the price cycles. Let's jump to the second topic around our product momentum. So Coinbase, in this period, is very focused on five product areas. The first one is our Coinbase retail app. This is the one that accounts for the majority of those 100 million or so verified users, and it's a large revenue generator for us. The second is Coinbase Prime, which is our prime brokerage product, serving institutions around the world, which has ended up doing very well. The third one is our staking business, which has also grown into a great source of subscription and services revenue and is growing nicely. The fourth one is Coinbase Cloud, our products for developers, which we believe will be an awesome business over time, similar to AWS or something like that, helping the thousands of start-ups out there and actually not just start-ups, established companies integrate crypto into their product with our suite of APIs. And the fifth one, the last one we call broadly Web3, but this touches on a major future area of growth that we believe will materialize. And in products we have there with Coinbase Wallet, our self-custodial app, various protocols that we're working on and some things we'll touch on later. So the goal of these products, of course, is to help 1 billion people access eventually the primary to access the open financial system and be the primary financial account for them. And we generally try to differentiate our products by making them the most trusted out there, the easiest to use and building one integrated suite of products, so that if you sign up for your one Coinbase account and verify your identity, you connect your information, your bank, your payment method and your crypto, you can then switch over and easily access any of our products. So there's a nice integration there into the suite. We've had a number of really exciting product wins in the last quarter. You may have seen that we were selected by BlackRock and Meta as their partners as they develop their crypto offerings. This is actually a really huge deal for a few reasons. BlackRock is the largest institutional asset manager in the world. It took several years of diligence to go through with them and close this deal. I think it really shows that Coinbase is situated uniquely to be the preferred partner to the largest companies in the world who want to integrate crypto into their offerings, which increasingly will be more and more of the Fortune 500, I believe, over time. And we're really the only reasonable choice for many of these companies as the most trusted platform and the first public company in crypto. So I think it shows that we can build not only a successful retail platform, but also close deals with the largest companies in the world, so we can win across multiple customer segments. Our self-custodial wallet also had a number of wins this past quarter. We've been getting rave reviews that people believe it's now the most advanced self-custodial crypto wallet in the market. And I think our pace of product launches has really been accelerating in this period. So lastly, I just want to touch on the regulatory environment. And I'll start with the recent SEC headlines, although we've been having great interactions with the CFTC and numerous regulators around the world. So in May, the SEC sent us a voluntary request for information, including for information about our asset listings process. We do not yet know if this inquiry will become a formal investigation. As with all regulators around the world, we're committed to a productive discussion with the SEC around digital assets and securities regulation. And if this inquiry is an opportunity for that discussion, we welcome it. Tuning out, we've been pleased to see the progress recently both in the U.S. and in countries around the world toward more clear legislation for crypto. In the U.S., there are several bills making their way through Congress with strong bipartisan support. For instance, the Stabenow-Boozman bill proposes legislation that aims to provide clarity on the regulatory authority of crypto assets between the SEC and the CFTC and others where we frequently seem to get caught in the middle. We look forward to engaging with all relevant parties to develop common sense frameworks for regulation and oversight to help clarify what is a crypto commodity, what is a crypto security, what is a stable coin and what is something else entirely in the crypto ecosystem such as NFTs are probably considered artwork. The White House put out an executive order recently asking the various departments of government in the U.S. to work together on a comprehensive crypto legislation that preserve the innovation potential of this technology and that now seems to be happening. When I was in D.C. two weeks ago, several people told me that crypto is one of the few bipartisan issues in D.C. right now where they can actually get work done. And with some luck, we may see clear stable point legislation passed later this year and comprehensive legislation for crypto passed next year in the United States. Of course, Coinbase is a global company, and we're seeing similar moves toward regulatory clarity globally, including in the EU with the recent passage of the Markets in Crypto Assets, or MiCA regulation. We're also seeing positive developments in Australia, the UK, Hong Kong, Brazil and other markets as well. So it's sort of strange to say, but in some ways the most -- in some ways, the more regulation there is for crypto, the better it is for Coinbase. We're the most trusted brand in crypto and have leaned into regulations since the early days of the Company. We are and will continue to be a champion for this industry, ensuring that any crypto legislation that passes preserves the innovation potential of this technology and at a minimum, treats it on a level playing field with traditional financial services. Therefore, we're more than happy to engage with any regulators around the world who will take time to meet with us. We don't see this as a bad thing. On the contrary, we believe it's the best way to help the industry move forward. I don't have anything else I can say about the SEC information request in particular, but we plan to keep you updated on developments in the regulatory space broadly as we have more to share. So just to wrap things up before I hand it over to Alesia, hopefully, the overarching message here is clear. We've been through many crypto cycles before. It seems scary, but it's never a bad as it seems. It's never as good as it seems. Coinbase has succeeded over the last 10 years by continuing to focus on great product execution during down markets and managing expenses closely. We're a responsible company in the space with plenty of cash on the balance sheet, strong fundamentals, if you look over the last two years, and we're winning deals with the largest companies to integrate crypto into their offerings. We're going to be here through the long term through the ups and downs of this industry. And with that, let me turn it over to Alesia to discuss Q2.
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Brian. I'm going to briefly recap Q2, share our areas of focus and strength as we adapt to these new market conditions and then touch briefly on the outlook for the remainder of the year. First, to recap Q2. Down markets create financial headwinds, which are reflected in our Q2 results. Our MTUs totaled 9 million. We're pleased to see that decline was only 2% lower as compared to Q1. And we note 67% or 6 million MTUs were engaging with our non-investing products. And so we'll talk about that later, but we're definitely seeing a shift in behavior as MTUs are trading less but participating increasingly in staking and other non-investing products. Our total trading volume was $217 billion and transaction revenue was $655 million, down 30% and 35%, respectively. Both metrics were influenced by a shift in consumer behavior and market activity. This is very consistent with what we've seen in prior down markets that retail customers tend to shift from traders to huddlers. And market volume, in turn, then shifts to concentrate amongst market makers and pro-style traders. Much of that volume, the market makers, the pro-style traders takes place in offshore exchanges where financing and derivative products are more prevalent. Over time, we look forward to building products to better compete for this volume, but today, we are a heavily retail concentrated platform. Lastly, there was a spike of trading volume in May as investors traded around the Terra Luna collapse and subsequent credit events surrounding crypto insolvencies. We have not listed Luna nor do we have exposure to these insolvencies and as a result, did not participate in this volume spike. Despite these headwinds, we're really happy to see the growth of our subscription and services revenues, which were $147 million as of Q2 and notably up 44% year-over-year. We also have shared with you in the shareholder letter a way to look at our subscription and services revenue price adjusted, i.e., if you freeze price as of Q2 and look at that historic trend line, we're pleased to see pretty linear growth quarter-over-quarter as we continue to roll out breadth and depth of different product experiences on our platform. Combined, our net revenue was at $803 million. Our adjusted EBITDA loss was $151 million. And our net loss was $1.1 billion, but I want to call out here that, that was heavily impacted by non-cash impairments. Excluding those non-cash impairments, our net loss would have been $647 million. We take impairments when the value of crypto assets or the value of our ventures investments fall below our carrying value of those assets. Importantly, we don't take write-ups if the market recovers above that point. So intra-quarter, as crypto dropped to lows, even if it recovered intra-quarter, are taking the impairment down to the lowest point it reached during that reporting period and then never writing it up until we sell that asset. And so, that's the impact of non-cash impairments on our P&L and on our balance sheet. I want to switch gears now and talk about how Coinbase is adjusting to these market conditions and how we're focused on operating more efficiently as we move forward. On the expense side, we've taken several steps to streamline our cost structure, including the 18% employee reduction that we announced in June. We want to highlight that it will take some time to fully realize the financial impact of all of our actions, but we are lowering our full year expense range for technology and development and general administrative expenses to $4 billion to $4.25 billion, which is down from our prior outlook of $4.25 billion to $5.25 billion. On the product side, we've taken the approach of pause, maintain and prioritize, and we're focusing on the five key areas that Brian outlined earlier. We are working hard to operate within the $500 million adjusted EBITDA loss guardrail we communicated for 2022. Clearly, we acknowledge these are stressed market conditions. But based on the expense initiatives we took in Q2, we're cautiously optimistic about our ability to operate within this guardrail. That optimism is conditioned on crypto market capitalization not deteriorating meaningfully below the July 2022 levels and that we don't see another significant change in the behaviors of our customers. In the event of those events that we see further deterioration or the performance approach is the low end of our MTU range that we're providing in our updated outlook, we may not be able to reduce our expenses quickly enough, and we may exceed that guardrail. However, despite short term, we want to commit to you that we're going to operate more efficiently as we build for the future. Lastly, I want to just close with some comments about our strong capital position and our risk. There are three primary factors that we look at to assess our financial strength and durability. First, at the end of Q2, we had $6.2 billion in total USD resources. We provided enhanced disclosures in our shareholder letter to really help you understand the balance sheet and how we look at it. This includes cash and cash equivalents. It includes our USDC, which we operate with the same as cash. We are treating USD stable coin as fungible to cash in our daily operations at Coinbase and so we would like you to look at it in the same way and think about that as a cash asset. Second, we take a prudent approach to risk management. We've had no credit losses from our financing activities, no exposure to client or counterparty insolvencies. We have never blocked a client withdrawal or gated anybody taking assets off our platform, nor have we had any changes in access to the credit products for our clients. We stand apart in this way of how we operate risk within the crypto ecosystem today, and we believe this is a strength that we can continue to broaden our financing activities and be there from our clients going forward. Third, and Brian touched a lot on this, but there's a global wave towards regulation, and we're committed to working alongside policymakers to build workable regulatory framework for the crypto economy that addresses risk but also enables the development of adoption of digital innovation. We believe we're uniquely positioned here. So with that, let's turn to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Owen Lau with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Owen Lau: So in terms of expense control, what does it take for Coinbase to trigger maybe another run of resource allocation if this crypto winter continues to last? And also based on current trading volume and if the current net would last, I understand that if this winter lasts for quite some time, and unfortunately, some other crypto companies may also be in trouble, and Coinbase can benefit longer term. But how confident you are to manage the adjusted EBITDA loss to be around $500 million this year and maybe next year?
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the question, Owen. I'll take this one. It's Alesia. So we share some of our philosophy in our shareholder letter. But the way that we approach our business is that we're operating across the cycle. And going back to our S-1 from last April, we shared with you in our opening founders letter that we're really looking to breakeven across the cycle as we think it's important in these early days in the nascent days of crypto that we're building for growth, we're expanding the breadth and depth of products on our platform, and we're bringing new users into this ecosystem. And so, we do show historically, we've been able to generate profit, and we're taking those profits and we're reinvesting those into the business. And so what we do is we look at stress scenarios. We forecast out multiple different revenue scenarios, and then we make sure that we can plan for expenses over a multiyear winter. Historically, crypto winters have lasted two to four years. And so we do look at all of those historic scenarios to see can we operate through those. This year, we did set a guardrail that if we went into a winter that we would operate to a $500 million loss. It's never clear to us exactly where we are in a crypto cycle. And so we're constantly updating our scenarios, updating our contingency plans and ensuring that we can take a long-term view. So we will balance expense management with prudent investment, but make sure that we can manage that through a multi-period downturn. We have not yet given an outlook for what we believe 2023 would be, but we continue to think about this as investing for the future. We're not looking to make a profit in every quarter or every year, but we are looking to continue to show growth in the adoption of our products and services seen in the green shoots, seen in the right progress and believe that then when we have the right expense against that opportunity.
Anil Gupta: This is Anil Gupta. I'll jump back in. I think we reordered the call on accident. So I'll go back and state some ground rules for our shareholder Q&A. Before we dive into Q&A, I wanted to just quickly reiterate our principles. First, we're going to answer the most uploaded questions determined by the number of shares, and we might group questions together that touch on the same themes. Second, we do not plan to answer questions related to the potential listing of new assets. And third, we will avoid questions we've answered in the past if there are no updates. For example, we still don't plan to issue a dividend. So with that, I'll start the Q&A from our shareholders with Brian, Emilie and Alesia. The first question we have that's top of mind for many shareholders, especially in light of recent industry events, is the safety and security of their assets as well as exposure to some of the leverage products and counterparties at the center of the recent market turbulence. Alesia?
Alesia Haas: Thanks for this question. So as I said in my opening remarks, we have seen some credit events in the second quarter. And these events shocked the crypto credit market. And we think these are going to be a major inflection point for the industry. I want to first note that the solvency concerns surrounding entities like Celsius, 3AC, Voyagers and others, in our view, are a reflection of insufficient risk controls at those entities. To us, these issues were foreseeable and actually credit-specific rather than crypto-specific in nature. Many of these firms were under -- were overleveraged with short-term liabilities mismatched against longer duration or illiquid assets. Those are common flaws that we've seen across TradFi and now crypto alike, but these are credit-specific issues. Coinbase had no financial exposure to these entities that I just spoke about. Further, we have not engaged in these types of risky lending practices and is focused on building a more sustainable financing business with prudent and deliberate taking lessons of the TradFi passed into consideration. As I mentioned in my remarks, we have not blocked any client withdrawals. We have not had any access to credit changes for our clients. And risk management is a first principle in our product design. We're holding customer assets one to one. We're not rehypothecating. We're not lending any assets without customer consent. What our customers choose to do with their assets is our customers' choice. Coinbase is not making independent decisions of what to do with those assets without customer approval. I want to switch gears and then just talk about the safety and security beyond the credit risk for a minute because this was a big topic coming out of our prior call. Customer assets are segregated and protected on Coinbase. We've recently clarified in our retail user agreement to expressly highlight the applicability of UCC Article 8, and this provides the same legal protection for our institutional customers as well as our retail customers. And it is the strongest known legal protection available to crypto assets. Our Chief Legal Officer, Paul Graywell, recently penned a blog post a few weeks ago with a very detailed approach on the mechanism that we have put in place to safeguard customer assets, and I would encourage you all to read it. But we feel very good that we have industry-leading protection for crypto assets.
Anil Gupta: Great. Our next question is that a number of shareholders have expressed disappointment with our share price performance since going public. What's the plan to get the stock price back on track? Brian?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. So I think it's important when looking at this to distinguish between what is in our control and what's not in our control. And of course, we don't control the macroeconomic factors or downturn. We don't really even control the crypto market more broadly, right? So what do we control? Well, obviously, we can focus on building great products for our customers. We can focus on staying on the forefront of crypto technology to make sure that we're creating compelling use cases and making those available to our customers. We can focus on our expense management closely in down markets and frankly, we can ensure we just don't get distracted or disillusioned by short-term thinking. So I believe that the work we're doing today to develop and innovate new products and tools is going to make us really well situated to capture disproportionate share in the next up cycle.
Anil Gupta: Our next question centers on competition. Several shareholders have asked how Coinbase intends to differentiate and compete, particularly as other exchanges seem to be gaining share, lowering their fees and are perceived to be moving faster and innovating faster. Emilie?
Emilie Choi: Yes. Thanks for the question. Let's unpack that a bit. So it is true that some of our core U.S. retail customers are trading less. And what we found is that our core users tend to hibernate and transact less in these periods of uncertainty. We observed similar behavior during 2018 and 2019. And yet we're happy because for those who are still choosing to transact, average revenue per investing MTU is still comfortably above the lows that we saw in the last crypto downturn that began in 2018. And it's also important to note that customers are hanging around and engaging with crypto in new passive ways, notably staking. There's another explanation for Q2, and that is that there was a lot of episodic activity that we didn't participate in. We believe that much of this was driven by events in Q2 relating to assets we didn't support such as Luna and counterparties like 3AC, Celsius and Voyager that we had no exposure to, thanks to our robust risk management and asset listing process. And then finally, we should note that there is a larger amount of trading volume moving offshore as high-volume traders and market makers seek diversification overseas with derivatives and other products that aren't currently available in the U.S. Now Coin is live in 100-plus countries, but we are overweight the U.S. And that's actually the reason we're so focused on compliance and moving the innovation conversation forward in the U.S. That's why Brian was talking about the trip we made to D.C. and the cycles we're spending on that. Longer term, though, the way that we move market share is just focusing on our customers, and we are committed to regaining share over time in a way that is compliant and safe for them, including through our new derivatives offering and continued international expansion.
Alesia Haas: Can I just jump in here, Emilie? I do think we should also talk about the fee part of that question. And the way I've been thinking about it is in terms of customer cohorts as we see very different behavior between our retail customers, our market makers and high-frequency traders and many new institutional customers that are beginning to engage in crypto the Coinbase Prime. So today, as many of our listeners know, Coinbase generates most of our revenue from our retail customers. They trust our products because they're safe, easy to use, and we give them an integrated platform to grade with a range of Coinbase assets and in crypto activities like staking and spending on your card and access to the DApp wallet, NFTs, increasing breadth of things you can do on our platform. We are okay with being a premium product. We feel like we've differentiated versus other services and that customers are willing to pay a premium for that service. And to date, we have not seen fee compression on the retail side and have not seen the need to change that fee model. In fact, we're experimenting with pricing like, for example, with Coinbase One with doing a subscription product, where we're bundling all these services together and giving our users the opportunity to trade with no fees. They still pay a spread, but no fees to have better product experience. But over the long term, we continue to believe that there will be fee compression, and we started to build a diversified set of products that monetize in other ways, which is why we're so happy to see subscription and services become an increasing percentage of our net revenue, 18% in Q2. But when I shift gears and look at the market makers, this is a group where we do think there will be a fee compression in the short term. This is a client segment that's trading the highest volumes on our platform. So they're already receiving the lowest fee tiers based on our volume-based pricing. But this is a group that we would gain to see increasing competition of competitors' lower fees and as we compete for this volume. We talk about this extensively in our shareholder letter. And while this is an important group, we are more focused candidly on that retail customer and on that institutional customer who's coming in to Coinbase Prime and looking at the breadth of products and services that we offer. But we will be building products over time to compete more aggressively for the market maker platform. And that is something that we can talk about later.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. I think the only thing I would add here is in terms of differentiating versus competitors, I think about it as three main things. The first is that our brand, I think, and everything -- all the products option for customers in the industry. And that comes down to cybersecurity, preventing pack that comes down to compliance, lending into regulation. It comes down to great customer support, doing what we say we're going to do, not being sketchy. So I think being the most trusted option is a good first pillar there. The second thing is around ease of use. So again, we try to make crypto accessible to everybody in the world. We want to eventually have 1 billion people accessing this new economy through our products. And crypto is still often way too difficult to use. And so I think we're continually leading the industry there and making our product simpler and simpler. And lastly, we're building an integrated product suite sort of one-stop shop, if you will. So if somebody already has a Coinbase account, and it's not trivial to get a new account set up somewhere, you have to do KYC, you may have to connect your payment methods, you may have to store your crypto balances there. So once you have a Coinbase account, we just make it easy to switch over and try any of these products or services. So you can get any kind of crypto activity you want in one place, whether that's trading or staking or paying or borrowing or creating something like an NFT. And so one-stop shop is a very powerful differentiator for us over time.
Anil Gupta: All right. Our next question is. What are the tangible steps we're taking to diversify our revenue from trading and other revenues linked to crypto asset prices? Alesia?
Alesia Haas: Sure. I want to start with, first, we're a crypto company. So all our revenues will likely always have some correlation with broad crypto markets; however, we're working hard to diversify our product mix to reduce the volatility in our revenues. A couple of years ago, we started to invest in these products, and as we shared in our shareholder letter, now 18% of our net revenues are coming from subscription and services, up from 4% in Q2 2020. This is also up 44% year-over-year even in this down market, so stacking as a big growth driver for us. We're also starting to see significant growth from interest income which has driven underlying from the activities that we see in USDC and our platform and the adoption of that stable coin. But this is an area we're continuing to invest in. So if you look at our product areas that we outlined in our shareholder letter, what you see in terms of the developer products with Coinbase Cloud or some of the actions that we're making within Web3, we think we'll continue to add diversified revenue streams over time.
Anil Gupta: Our next question is looking for a bit of clarity on our wallet strategy and particularly if we have plans to integrate it into the core Coinbase platform. Brian?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. So I'm happy to talk a bit about Coinbase Wallet. For those of you who don't know, Wallet is our self-custodial app, meaning that it lets users store their own crypto assets instead of having us store it on their behalf. And we've seen strong customer demand for both our custodial app and self-custodial apps. And so it's important for us to kind of get broad coverage across the different user segments who want both of these types of functionality. So Coinbase Wallet is really important to us for a few reasons strategically. One is that it allows us to onboard customers in many different countries around the world. It's treated more like a software product in that regard since the customers are storing their own funds. And it also allows our customers to access the latest development in crypto, whether that's interacting with DeFi or smart contracts or people want to use NFTs or accessing what's broadly being called now Web3, which is a really exciting area of development, we think will be a big area of growth. And just briefly to touch on that. So today's Internet is largely run by a handful of centralized companies that access and monetize their users' personal data, but Web3 is something that -- it's the next generation that is being owned by builders and users storing their own data in a more private way, and it's often orchestrated by these different crypto tokens, creating a more decentralized and community-governed version of the Internet. So we're also seeing a lot of startups and venture dollars and entrepreneurs building new companies and apps. Sometimes these are called decentralized apps, or DApps, in Web3. And so Coinbase Wallet is a really important way for people to access all of this emerging functionality. In fact, we often say our strategy is to be the primary financial account for people in the crypto economy and while it is an important way that they're now doing that with Web3. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we've made a number of improvements to the Wallet app over the last few quarters. For instance, we now support more than seven different blockchains in Coinbase Wallet and different Layer 2s, enabling users to utilize apps across all of this change without bridges or multiple wallets. We also totally redesigned Wallet on a new tech stack in Q2, and we're seeing rave reviews, really great customer responses from that online. So we now believe it's the best self-custodial wallet on the market, and we're seeing a lot of that positive chatter. The second part of this question really asked about how will we integrate Wallet into our core Coinbase platform. And of course, the core retail app has a lot of distribution, and a lot of people don't want to have two apps installed. They prefer to have to use our custodial app. And so we worked really hard to bring that same functionality that's in Wallet into our main Coinbase app. And we're doing that, without getting too much into the technical details, we've had to make a new wallet-type available that met all of the stringent cyber security requirements that we have in place. It uses a technology called MPC, or multiparty computation, which we spent a long time investing in to enable some of this functionality. But what's great about it is that now we have this, we call it the DApp wallet inside our core retail app. We have the marketplace where people can try these different third-party applications, interface with them seamlessly. And it's enabling to do all of these things that I mentioned earlier, DeFi, NFTs Web3, just like they would be able to in the Wallet app, but now we brought it to 100% of our customers. So the technical details don't matter as much as the customer experience. I think we're really excited about empowering some of this new functionality. It's helping us attract and retain more and more customers in this space. And it's going to keep moving really quickly, so I'm glad that we've been able to provide these experiences to our customers.
Anil Gupta: Okay. Great. Thanks, Brian. So now with that, Sarah, let's switch gears and go back to the live questions from our analysts, please.
Operator: Thank you. Your question comes from Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. Thanks for the additional disclosures. I thought this bridge on Page 18 of the shareholder letter is super helpful. That was actually the direction of where I wanted to go with my question. Maybe that's one, Alesia, it's for you on sort of how you think about cash burn at Coinbase? This bridge shows down $423 million in the quarter, and that's kind of the decrease in cash available. I think looking back at Q1, I don't know the exact number because I have to do this exact math, but it's sort of similar or slightly higher than that. So is that how we should be thinking about cash burn? And are you thinking about sort of solving for cash burn rate in the same way you're thinking about solving for an adjusted EBITDA figure?
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the question, Lisa. So we do think about EBITDA and cash a little bit separately because EBITDA is a closer proxy to what we're spending on operations, but we continue to make investments. We think our venture investments are an important part of developing the ecosystem and giving us a lens into the future. And then we also think of our financing activities to the products that we offer to institutional and retail customers as an important part of our business. And so you will see cash fluctuating within our investing and financing activities that we think is just adding good revenue and good future strategic value to the Company, independent from the operating cash. And so, I do think about our operating cash is the metric that I would focus you on that we are managing closely and ensuring that we are prudent in how much we burn vis-à-vis our balance sheet resources.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Worthington with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Worthington: Good after. Thank you for taking the question. Crypto markets have been under pressure. And during the last call, you mentioned that in the past, Coinbase was able to accelerate its growth by investing and acquiring. And I think Alesia brought up the example of acquiring Xapo in the last call. In this call, you mentioned the repurchase of your debt in the past. And we've seen a couple of your peers acquire distressed assets in sort of high-profile ways. So I don't think we've seen, at least in an obvious way, Coinbase leveraging the downturn to acquire its way into building the business. So I think, first, has Coinbase taken advantage of the sell-off and stress in the market to build via M&A or debt pay down? And if not, why not yet? And then second, there are a number of bears that point out that Coinbase debt is trading at distressed levels and Coinbase is burning some cash. And therefore, these actions are not taking place because you're not in a position to do so. So can you talk about the pricing of the debt and maybe the misperceptions that you're hearing about your balance sheet? That would be great.
Alesia Haas: Sure. Why don't I address the debt? And then Emilie, I'll turn it over to you and talk a little bit about our M&A philosophy and where we see opportunities in this market. So what I would share with you is we strategically raised capital in 2021, and we have very long-dated liabilities. So the convert comes due in 2026, and then we raise 7- and 10-year high-yield notes. We believe this gives us the resources to operate for many years. And those were priced to interest rates that, frankly, we couldn't get in the market today. We don't anticipate being able to find in the market for the next two to three years. This gives us the resources quite candidly to invest through a winter. This gives us the resources to be able to offer financing products to our customers off our balance sheet. And this gives us a lot of flexibility to make decisions for a much longer-term duration. So we are not looking to take advantage of the price dislocation and just buy that back because we think that's a financial engineering activity and not really in the best interest of building a long sustainable operating business, which is what we're focused on doing. And then with regards to M&A, Emilie, do you want to talk about how we think about these markets?
Emilie Choi: Sure. We continue to be active across both ventures and M&A. It's an area that has helped us gain access to the innovation happening in the crypto ecosystem. It helps us strengthen our competitive positioning. It helps us execute against our mission. And crypto winters, we view as builders markets. It's often the best time for us to be greedy when others are fearful. So you mentioned the Xapo acquisition. That underpins our custody offering. We did that last crypto winter. We also did the acquisition of DOGAMÍ, which essentially laid the foundation for our Prime brokerage platform. And you can expect that we'll continue to do targeted M&A that has high hurdles for ROI. In this type of a market, we'll probably have higher hurdles. And then on the venture side, we typically like seed stage investments during this time because, again, it's a builder's market, you tend to see a lot of innovation happening at the ground level such as OpenSea during 2018 when we invested in that seed OpenSea during 2018 when we invested to be prudent about capital allocation, but we think we have a very unique lens on development across the crypto space, and we're going to take advantage of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Repetto with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Richard Repetto: And my question is more of a high -- a more general question, but it's for Brian. And Brian, in July, in mid-July, you wrote a blog post and very thoughtful, well researched post about operating efficiently at scale. And then in one of the paragraphs you talked, and I think this was to your employees, but you talked about avoiding spending too much time on what's going well and really share what's not going well so you can improve on it. So in the spirit of what you put out in that blog, Brian, I'm just trying to see what things -- and again, I know you're invested for the future and you're making progress expanding crypto to all. But what things aren't going so well? What areas could you improve?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. Well, thanks for the question. That's certainly been an interesting cultural change for us. We always try to think about, okay, let's take a minute to celebrate the things that are going well, but we always try to think about what we can be doing even better. I think a lot is going well. But if you look back, I think that we probably could have grown slower over the last couple of years, right? That's something that we probably could have done better. I think that we're still iterating on how we communicate. Our expenses are actually quite predictable. But as you can see, our revenue and of course, that ties into EBITDA is less predictable. And so I think we're still iterating on how we want to communicate ranges publicly and things like that and making sure that we're explaining this new industry to the public markets. It's sort of as the first crypto company to go out, I feel like we're a little bit of like a bellwether for the whole industry. And we're kind of trying to write the playbook on how to understand this industry if it is going to keep going through ups and downs. Now my guess is that those cycles will become more muted over time just because the adoption of crypto kind of keeps growing through all of these cycles. And as the use cases are more and more prevalent, like today, there might be hundreds of millions or something like that of people who want to try crypto. But as it gets to be billions or something like that, then I think these cycles will just become more muted. So, I'd say we're iterating on all kinds of things in that direction.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Glagola with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Stephen Glagola: Thanks for the question. Can you just unpack further the puts and takes around the Q2 retail take rate coming in slightly higher versus Q1 and year-over-year, including the mix of pro users and the main consumer app? And just can you discuss your outlook on the retail take rate for the second half? Any early reads on the impact of consolidating advanced trading with the main consumer app?
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the question. So there's very little update that we have compared to our past comments that the retail fee take rate is mathematically the output of the mix of volume on our platform. And as we know, we have two pricing models. One, we have the simple trading pricing model now and then we have tier pricing for our more advanced traders. And so as mix shift occurs, what pencils out then is the blended rate. And so we didn't change pricing in Q2. But what we saw is less trading at the higher volume tiers. And so as people trade at lower volumes, those were higher feed tiers, which resulted in a slightly higher fee rate. And so as we think about for the second half, what we're expecting and what we shared in our outlook is that we think that volumes will be on the lower side or in line with what we've seen in July so far. And those are lower volumes, which means we'll see sort of the -- on the higher side of fees, which is probably in line with what we saw in Q2. But again, it's all mathematical and mix. And we have not seen any impact yet on our fees. We're not seeing cannibalization or anything that would indicate that there would be a broad change in consumer behavior as how they trade our platform. But it's, again, early days. We just announced the retail advances trading within the main app this quarter, but we're watching it closely, but we don't have an update to share at this time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Devin Ryan with JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Devin Ryan: Maybe a little bit of a follow-up just on that last line of question. So if we look at crypto prices, they're up maybe slightly over the past months. So maybe you could say we're seeing some stabilization after a big drop. And I appreciate it's a very short period of time, but the trading volumes that we can track on platform are still declining a fair amount from the second quarter and you're expecting a pretty healthy drop in AT or RPU in the back half of the year for the guide. So just love to get a little more color on the interplay between crypto market cap and price and activity. That would be helpful. And then also just the scaling of Coinbase One, we've been getting some questions and whether that's impacting ARPU in any direction or just the overall outlook?
Alesia Haas: Sure. So we have seen price come up, but I would just note that crypto is very volatile. And so it's very hard to see if it's a true change in directory until we see it truly in hindsight. So what we're looking at is the broad headwinds of the macro environment is still putting a lot of investors on the sidelines. We are looking at the headwinds of still seeing some fallout in the crypto credit environment. We just saw another exchange in Germany, unfortunately, filed for insolvency today, or it might have been yesterday, but recently. And so I think that we need to see a little bit of stabilization there as well as we'd like to have more certainty in the regulatory market, and that's all influencing what we're expecting for the second half. But I would comment to you these markets move very quickly, and we could see a shift. It is very hard to predict what will happen and there could be rallies from things that we can't have visibility in today. So we are focusing, as we shared with you where we're focused. We're focused on rolling out the products and services that we have. On our road map, we're really excited about the feedback we're getting from customers on some of our newly released features such as retail advanced trading in the main app, such as the new Wallet app that we've put out there. And we think that by doing that and engaging our customers, we'll be able to bring that volume to our platform.
Anil Gupta: Sara, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Will Nance with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Will Nance: Good evening. Thanks for taking the question. Just a question on stock-based comp. I appreciate all the comments on trying to manage the business more efficiently. Stock-based comps running over half of revenue. And just wondering, how you're thinking -- one, is there anything nuanced in there about founder grants or things that are coming in at high exercise prices? And then two, just more broadly, how are you guys thinking about limiting the non-cash dilution that shareholders experience from stock-based comp over time?
Alesia Haas: Sure. Thanks for that question. So the thing I want to share with you is that our Board and our management team really understand investor concerns around stock-based comp, and we're very aligned with investors. Our goal is to grow profits and grow stock price and manage dilution effectively. Given the inherent volatility in crypto, we're a little bit different in how we think about these metrics. And when we think about our stock-based comp metric similarly to how we think about all of our other financial metrics, which took a longer-term horizon view. So, the metric that we look at is we look at gross dilution over a trailing three-year average. And when you look at it through that lens in 2021, our growth solution from new awards was 2.4%. Year-to-date, it's been about 3%. And we're looking at that and saying, how does that benchmark against peers. And we're feeling fairly good about that right now. Looking forward, what I can share with you is that if we have the same size of employee base in 2023, our stock-based comp would come down on a year-over-year basis as we do have some M&A earn outs and other multiyear grants from prior years that are being amortized in this year from a multiyear best schedule. We're not prepared to provide a 2023 outlook right now, but we do expect a year-over-year decline in stock-based comp
Anil Gupta: Great. Thank you for joining us, and we look forward to speaking with you on our call again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-10 15:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Gino, and I will be conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coinbase First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Anil Gupta, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Anil Gupta: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Coinbase First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Joining me on today's call are Brian Armstrong, Co-Founder and CEO; Emilie Choi, President and CEO; and Alesia Haas, CFO. I hope you've all had the opportunity to read our shareholder letter, which is published on our IR site earlier today.  Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause these results to differ is included in our SEC filings. Our discussion today will also include references to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in the shareholder letter on our Investor Relations website. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for GAAP measures. We are once again using the Say Technologies platform to enable our shareholders to post questions. In addition, we'll take some live questions from our research analysts. With that, I'll turn it over to Brian and Alesia for some opening comments.
Brian Armstrong: All right. Thanks, Anil. So before we dive into our results this quarter, I think it's worth just addressing the elephant in the room, which is that, of course, the broader markets are down. We're seeing a down market for growth tech stocks and risk assets. And of course, Coinbase and crypto is no exception to that. So the good news is that as a crypto company, we've lived through many different cycles in crypto, including major drawdowns, which I think make us well suited to operate through these environments. . And I have to tell you, kind of going back over the last 10 years in crypto, the up periods, we tend to focus mostly on scaling. There's so many customers beating a path to our door that we have to have all hands on deck just to keep everything running. And so the down periods are often sometimes kind of a welcome change from that, in the sense that we get to focus on building the next layer of innovation that will benefit us in the next cycle. We also tend to see the down period as a big opportunity because we're greedy when others are fearful. We tend to be able to acquire great talent during those periods and others pivot, they get distracted, they get discouraged. And so we tend to do our best work in a down period. So ironically, I'm actually -- I've never been more bullish on where we are as a company. And I think it's really important to separate our performance, how are we executing towards our goals versus how is the broader market doing. And I think in terms of how we're executing towards our goals, I really -- there's a lot of bright spots. I couldn't be happier. For instance, this quarter, we had positive EBITDA despite the market being down, which I think speaks really highly of the resilience of our business. We're incredibly well capitalized during this period. So we have over $7 billion on the balance sheet of cash in crypto, which gives us lots of opportunities. As I said, to bring in -- continue to bring in the top talent, acquire companies. 54% of our active users now are doing something other than just trading crypto, they're actually using crypto in a variety of ways. And so our thesis about moving away from just being a trading platform to enabling the entire crypto economy and being that primary financial account people, it's really starting to work. The majority of our active users are now doing something other than trading. And even the trading business itself is doing really well. Despite preferred trading volumes in the macroenvironment being down 44%, and yet we were down about 44% as well, but in the assets that we support, including the core ones like Bitcoin and Etherium, we actually gained share. There's been a lot of talk in the past about fee compression, but we've seen in the last few quarters that, that hasn't been the case. In fact, our take rate is slightly up over the last few quarters. And there's a lot of new emerging revenue streams like staking and our subscription and services, which grew 169% year-over-year. So things -- I think we're executing really well towards our goal. And I just want to read a quote from our S-1 when we went public about a year ago that kind of laid some of this out and we actually talked about it in our earnings call last year, sort of anticipating this downturn. So the quote is that "You can expect volatility in our financials, given the price cycles of the cryptocurrency industry. This doesn't phase us because we're always taking a long-term perspective on crypto adoption. We may earn a profit when revenues are high, we may lose money when revenues are low. But our goal is to roughly operate the company as breakeven, smoothed out over time for the time being. We are looking for long-term investors who believe in our mission and will hold through price cycles."  So of course, this is the early days of this industry, and we are going to continue to invest. As the industry matures over time, we're going to be a very profitable company and more consistently profitable. But for now, regardless of whether the market is up or down, we're going to keep building. And I think the real key is to mentally flip from seeing down markets as being scary to actually being opportunities to pull ahead and that's exactly what we're going to be doing in this environment. Alesia, anything you want to add?
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Brian. I just want to reiterate that Brian said that the good news is that we have a decade of experience in managing to this type of volatility and we expected Q1 to be down from Q4 of last year. And our approach to planning is very deliberate and it considers how we would manage through all types of market conditions. And this is definitely within the range of market positions that we considered in our 2022 plan. So I want to switch over and talk about our Q2 outlook. So we note in our letter that the softness that we saw towards the tail end of Q1 has continued into April, with crypto market cap and volatility both down compared to Q1. Volatility in particular, was at its lowest level we've observed since mid-2020. Our April MTU averages around 8.9 million users. Our trading volume is approximately $74 billion, and as a result, we expect Q2 to have both lower transaction volumes and lower MTU than the Q1 levels. In terms of our subscription and services, we anticipate this being similar to modestly lower as the Q1 levels. On the expense side, we anticipate transaction expenses to be in the low 20s, driven primarily by the growth of our blockchain rewards revenue. Sales and marketing to be in the mid- to high teens as a percent of net revenue, and tech and dev and G&A will range between $1.1 billion and $1.3 billion. We really recognize that we are navigating through in certain volatile markets, and we plan to continue to invest prudently to drive long-term growth. As such, our outlook for 2022 is largely unchanged. And I want to reiterate that we are aiming to manage to a maximum of $500 million adjusted EBITDA loss, even if we are in a prolonged market downturn. We historically planned our spending under a conservative assumption of a multiyear period of low volatility. And we believe with our balance sheet and resources, we are well capitalized to assist in our operations and its brands that continue to make our focus on building great product experiences building up our user base and getting ready for the return of the market. So with that, Anil, let's go to questions.
A - Anil Gupta: Great. Thank you both. So before we get into Q&A, I wanted to reiterate our Q&A principles. First, we'll answer the most upvoted questions determined by the number of shares and we might group some questions together that touch on the same themes. Second, we don't plan to answer questions related to the potential listing of new assets. And third, we'll avoid questions we've answered in the past, if there are no updates. For example, we still don't plan to issue a dividend. So the first question here, we're combining two questions. The top 1 is about M&A. George R. asked if we see a strategic advantage in acquiring or merging with Robin Hood. Noah P. asked about ventures and how we think about exiting or monetizing the investments made there.
Emilie Choi: This is Emilie. Thanks for the question. So we don't comment on rumors or speculation on any specific M&A transactions. I think that the question actually was more about the strategic advantage of owning a traditional securities platform. And we are a crypto company, crypto is in our DNA. Everything we do is in service of building the crypto economy and increasing economic freedom. So we don't plan to offer traditional securities, unless this somehow would help us massively accelerate crypto adoption. I also think this is a great opportunity to talk about our invest and acquire strategy more broadly. On the venture side, we are one of the most active corporate investors in the world, and we've made more than 300 investments to date. We take minority positions in tons of companies that we think will have great potential, including OpenSea, Alchemy, Dapper Labs, TaxBit, Uniswap and Compound, and we're very proud to be in these companies and support their growth. The goal of ventures is to grow the overall crypto economy and to support the ecosystem and get differentiated insights. We look for the best teams and products to invest in, and we spend a lot of time working with protocols, Web3 infrastructure, DeFi, CeFi, NFTs and the metaverse. We also care about ROI, and we're happy with the returns that we've generated since 2018. For the most part, we don't have any intention of selling or monetizing those stakes because we're just long in the whole crypto sector. To me, it would be like Facebook or Google having bet on a large portfolio of the most promising tech companies back in the day and then just having held them through long periods. That takes me to the second pillar, which is Corp Dev, and we are very focused on acquiring great companies that can supplement or accelerate our plans. Another secondary goal of ventures is M&A pipeline and/or partnership. So an example of this is Bison Trails. We invested early through Coinbase Ventures. They turned out to be a great company, and so we then acquired them as the foundation of Coinbase Cloud. We've also acquired companies like Xapo and Tagomi, which helped us become the #1 crypto custodian in the space as well as the foundation for our prime offering. The final benefit of all of this is that we have incredible entrepreneurial teams in place who are running important parts of the business.
Anil Gupta: Sorry, I was on mute. The second question is about our NFT marketplace. Have we been pleased with their activity thus far on the platform? Any metrics we can share for investors to get a sense of the progress?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. Happy to share an update. So in general, I've been really pleased with the results so far. We've gotten really positive reaction from customers. There -- a lot of inventory being listed on the site for sale and customers are really engaging with our social-first approach to NFTs, that I think opens up some really interesting strategic opportunities in the future. So in terms of adoption, we've really been slowly rolling out invites from our waitlist for a while. And then we just recently opened up to the public beta. We haven't actually really connected the NFT product into our main distribution channel yet though, which is through our main retail app, and of course, Coinbase Wallet. So we'll be looking to do that in the near future. And then we're not -- we don't really share metrics about any of our venture bets internally any of our new initiatives. But I can just say that there's a lot to build and the opportunity in the NFT space is enormous. So there's a lot of features we're planning to add, the ability for people to do NFT drops, mint their own NFT tokens, there's token-gated communities we want to support. And even the option to buy piece just directly with your credit card or any funds that you currently have in your main Coinbase account, which isn't possible today in the app. We also want to support more change over time. People are minting NFTs across more and more chains and we want to continue to decentralize the NFT experience and really embrace the on-chain native protocols and make sure NFTs don't become a centralized experience. So overall, I've been really happy with how it's gone and this is the beginning of a long journey. We've only still at a small fraction of what we're going to do in the NFT space.  And I think it's probably worth mentioning also that just reminding everyone, I think NFTs it's not just artwork or collectibles, digital collectibles. I think NFTs are going to play a big role in gaming, in music, in the metaverse, decentralized identity. And even in real world, items like tickets to events, proof of attendance and maybe even digitizing real estate in the real world. So a lot to do in the NFT space. Content NFT is really exciting. We're going to keep investing in it.
Anil Gupta: Our next question comes from Tom W, who asks, how can we do a better job clarifying Coinbase's vision to investors and the general public? He observes the major narratives as a, competition is growing; b, trading fees are therefore shrinking; and c, Coinbase has no other meaningful revenue. How would you respond to that? And then related Patrick N. also asked what's our biggest competitive moat versus competitors?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. So this is a big question. Let me start off and then I'll turn it over to Alesia. So just zooming out, what is the vision for Coinbase, well, we use a different word, we use mission, but our mission is to increase economic freedom in the world. And I really believe that cryptocurrency is this unique technology that's been invented. And along with the cellphone, it can be used to create good financial infrastructure for people all over the world and to enable this new more Internet-native, global fair and free economy of the world. So that's the vision for what we want to accomplish. And of course, in that world, Coinbase is going to be the primary financial account, the primary way that people access the crypto economy. It's going to help them not just buy and sell crypto as a brokerage, but also to store crypto and then use it in all of these novel ways. And as I mentioned earlier, we're already seeing that trend play out. 54% of our active users are now doing something other than trading with crypto. And if you're wondering, what are they doing, it's all the things you use money for and more. They're earning money with crypto, they're spending it with merchants using Coinbase card. They're earning yield on their assets, there's borrowing and lending opportunities. And increasingly, there's this huge ecosystem of third-party applications or DApps, decentralized apps, probably over 1,000 of them now that people are creating all kinds of new stuff with games and social and art, music, and all kinds of things. So in my mind, this is a little bit like the early days of the Internet, where you saw the birth of e-commerce in the late '90s or early 2000s, and now fast forward 20 years, e-commerce, I think, is something like 15% of global GDP. And I think if you fast forward 20 years from here, the crypto economy is going to represent probably a large portion like that, 15% of global GDP. And so Coinbase can help create that vision and make it a reality in the world. So in terms of our competitive moat, which the question also asked about, there's a couple of main things that I think about. So trust and ease of use are really big moats for us. Trust is -- it comes down to compliance, a concerted effort to go work with policymakers around the world. It comes down to cybersecurity, we're storing more crypto securely for our customers. And so whenever people are coming into a new industry, they generally want to go with the one that has been around the longest. It's trusted by the most people and has the most number of users. Coinbase is really the only crypto company that's public in this environment. And we're starting such a large amount of crypto that I think that's a defensible moat. Because basically, when people trust us, they store crypto with us, and then when they store a crypto with us, they then use Coinbase to go use their crypto in a variety of ways. And so it has a nice kind of defensible position there. The other piece is ease of use. So crypto is still very complicated and what we really want to do is help bring it to 1 billion people and then eventually, the majority of people in the world. And so most people don't understand exactly how private keys work or -- they don't understand how electricity works either, but there -- or the Internet underneath, but they're able to benefit from it because people have built applications that make it accessible to anyone. And so that's the other big piece that we're doing, trust and ease of use. I guess the last thing I'll say is that Coinbase is really a multiproduct company. And it's a platform in a way. So many of our products are well integrated. They'll be even better integrated over time. If you have crypto that you buy with us and you start it with us and then it's easy to use things like Coinbase NFT and -- so our suite of products, I think, makes us a little bit unique out there in the sense that you'll see some of those will be in later stages, maturing revenue-wise, other ones will just be starting. And so it makes us a pretty unique company from that point of view as well.  Alesia, let me turn it over to you, maybe talk some about some of these narratives that were mentioned around competition and trading fees and other types of revenue.
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Brian. I just want to underscore what you just said, which is that we are a platform and that we're building suites of products and services around each of our user bases, our retail users, our institutions and developers. And so while we do have increasing competition, which we welcome, we want crypto to be adopted by every business out there, every human out there. But the competition we see is largely for point solutions and no one is competing against the breadth of our platform offering. So for example, if I look at our institutions, our Coinbase Prime offering provides an integrated suite of products that include custody, trading, and we have the ability to route orders through our broker through our Prime Broker to more than 10 different liquidity venues. That means that you're always guaranteed to find the best price when you're trading on the Coinbase platform. This is different because we compete with others from just a custody panel in solution. There's other exchanges where you can go and trade direct on that exchange. But if you want the ability to see price across all 11 exchanges, that's best to come from our smart order routers and route your trade to Coinbase and being integrated then settlement back to our cold storage [indiscernible] solution. So this is an example of how we compete and we use the breadth of our product offerings to really serve our customers in differentiated ways. Similarly on retail, we started our retail app with a very simple experience both to buy and sell crypto. Not many people offer that. You can get crypto exposure on a number of different platforms. However, once you buy what we've seen as our users want to be able to use their crypto who really benefit by that utility that Brian was talking about. So on Coinbase, we're looking to provide all of those transaction experiences on a single platform in an easy-to-use way. And now we have 54% of our users earning yields, so they can stake their assets, they can spend their assets on a credit card, they can receive a loan against those assets. And increasingly, what we're seeing is they're then transferring assets into their wallets and using those with [indiscernible]. We're bringing that all over time into one easy-to-use platform, and we believe that will really differentiate us against these point-to-point competitors. Now, that speaks to our brand promise to be [indiscernible] to use and it speaks to us growing and why we're so focused on diversification. I want to then bring that back to trading fees. Just actually, our fees actually have not declined. In fact, our blended fee rate is up over the last 2 quarters. Our transaction revenues are down on an absolute basis in Q1, and that reflects the broader weakness in the market, which is not surprising given crypto volatility and price cycles, which we previously talked about. But we're not seeing competition on fees. We are seeing that we want to experiment with different price structures. We've announced a subscription product, Coinbase One, and we're excited about the opportunity to continue to best serve our users and find the price models that work as they use more and more products on our platform. And lastly, that speaks to why we're focused on revenue diversification. We are diversifying our revenues. We're continuing to invest in new products and services to drive differentiated revenue streams. Our subscription and services revenues accounted for $150-plus million of revenues in Q1 or roughly 13% of our total net revenue, which increased 169% year-over-year. As I mentioned, 54% of those users are engaged with additional products beyond investing. The largest driver of this is staking, where we'll continue to add new assets, and we just added Cardano in April. Lastly, we touched on it, but we're excited by the launch of the NFT Beta, which opened to general release, and we think this will be a driver of future growth. So to conclude, we are a platform. We're adding more assets and products to enable new ways for users to engage and we will compete by being trusted in using this platform, as Brian said.
Anil Gupta: Our next question is from several shareholders who would like to know what we see as the biggest opportunities to drive shareholder value over the next years. Emilie?
Emilie Choi: Sure. So we often get the question from investors, how do we think about resource allocation and our expense base and how we're going to drive revenue growth over the long term from that. So let me take a moment to talk about our investment pillars. We invest in the 4 pillars mentioned before, crypto as an investment, crypto as a new financial system and crypto as a new type of platform. And we map roughly 70% of our budget at any given time to core activities around those first 2 pillars, such as trading, custody and international expansion. This would also include things like listing more assets and expanding payment rails. Then we allocate another 20% to strategic products such as wallet and speaking. So for example, we made Cardano Staking available for retail users in Q1, and we would expect to see a revenue impact in coming quarters from that. Wallet, which we also map to strategic is the gateway to entering Web3, and that should drive long-term growth of users, engagement and eventually monetization. And then finally, we allocate roughly 10% of our budget to longer-term bets such as the NFT marketplace. We listen to our customers in the market to understand which products and features are the most important and then we make best on those products. So a good example of this is Custody, which we knew was going to be an important institutional product. We began building this several years ago, and then we made a bet on acquiring Xapo during the last crypto winter. This now has helped us become the largest regulated crypto custodian. And I think this is what leads to an important point, which is that Coinbase has only been public for a little over a year. So for many of you following the story, this might be the first real crypto market slowdown that you've seen. I personally signed my offer letter for Coinbase in December 2017, which was kind of peak of the last cycle. And promptly, the market started falling. It was an incredible lesson for me in terms of thinking about long-term crypto cycles. And Brian and others helped me to think through how you power through and not overreact. It's a rare attribute in being able to weather the storm. And I think that's why this company has been around for more than a decade at this point. What we do is we focus on the things we can control, which is strategy and execution. So we build great products. We onboard more users, and we grow our business. That's what our executive team is focused on. We don't make short-term decisions that jeopardize future growth vectors like Wallet. We're making those big investments. and we don't underinvest in the business generally. We need to maintain foresight and conviction on the product strategy. Now that said, we recognize that it's imperative to be prudent on the opportunities we pursue. And so we're always going to build in flexibility around headcount or other fixed resources. And if we do all of that, the rest is going to take care of itself. Alesia, anything you want to add on that?
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Emilie. I agree with everything you said. But I also think it's important that we share a little about profitability and unit economics. We've proven that our core products have strong unit economics, and we've demonstrated that Coinbase can be profitable.  For example, we delivered over $4 billion of adjusted EBITDA in 2021. We are highly confident that we could choose profitability over reinvesting in the business. However, we chose investment. As we shared with you last quarter, we are choosing to make 2022 an investment year. And that's because we believe that investing now is key to our future of becoming a multiproduct platform, serving a diverse customer base. And so this is the year we chose to make large bets on NFTs on derivatives, going deep and process international growth and expanding Coinbase Wallet functionality as some key examples. We could have done more of these sequentially, we could have moved more slowly and focused on profitability, but we have the resources. We have a disciplined approach to managing our business through peaks and valleys, and we are confident at investing now, go through the [indiscernible] diversification in the future and will expand the engagement and revenue opportunities on our platform and market conditions change. And so I do think it's really important that investors understand that we do have the ability to have the profitability, but we've consciously made the chance to focus on growth and diversification.
Anil Gupta: Our next question is about India. So some shareholders are curious about the recent developments in India. Can you explain the halting of UPI transfers there? And what impact will that have on your expansion plans in the market? Brian?
Brian Armstrong: Yes, sure. I can give an update on that. So for those of you who may have missed the news, so we launched in -- Coinbase in India on April 7, and this includes ramps into the crypto economy. There's a lot of interest in crypto amongst the people there in India. So we had an integration with what's called UPI. And this was a great example of just our international strategy.  So a few days after launching, we ended up disabling UPI because of some informal pressure from the Reserve Bank of India, which is kind of the Treasury equivalent there. And India is a unique market, in the sense that the Supreme Court has ruled that they can't ban crypto, but there are elements in the government there, including at Reserve Bank of India, who don't seem to be as positive on it. And so they -- in the press, it's been called a "shadow ban," basically, they're applying soft pressure behind the scenes to try to disable some of these payments, which might be going through UPI. I guess we have a concern that they may be actually in violation of the Supreme Court ruling, which would be interesting to find out if it were to go there. But I think our preference is really just to work with them and focus on relaunching. I think there's a number of path that we have to relaunch with other payment methods there. And that's the default path going forward. So my hope is that we will be live back in India in relatively short order, along with a number of other countries, where we're pursuing international expansion similarly. I guess just to zoom out for a minute, one of our theories here and my theory is that action produces information. So it's not always clear as we go to these countries all over the world, everybody is in varying states of kind of education or lack thereof about crypto. And there's a lot of work to go meet with policymakers around the world and kind of teach them about what the AML capabilities are and what are the positive benefits. The people of these countries generally really want crypto. And so to me, that says that most places in the free world and democracies, crypto is going to eventually be regulated and legal, but it's going to take time for them to get comfortable with this. And the way that we push the conversation forward is by taking action. That's why we're going to go launch, even if we're not exactly sure how it's going to -- the reaction is going to be received, we're going to launch because it forces the discussion to be had. Now the press is talking about it in India. Now there's meetings happening that are going to talk about how we get to the next step. So that's generally our approach with international expansion.
Anil Gupta: Our next question is about Coinbase Cloud. What update can we provide for shareholders there? Are there other principal hurdles? What are the principal hurdles to growth, education, functionality or anything else? Brian?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. So Coinbase Cloud, I'm really excited about. I mean, if you just again zoom out, crypto is such a new market. That means there's a lot of startups being funded that are coming in to build applications in this space. And it's not just startups. There's actually existing fintech companies, neobanks, traditional financial service companies, they're all thinking about how they integrate crypto. Their customers are asking for it. And even nonfinancial service companies, by the way, is just who want to accept crypto payments or they're integrating crypto into their Web2 companies. So I actually think, like in the same way that most companies use the Internet now, I think most companies are going to end up using crypto in some way, shape or form in the future. And they don't need to reinvent the wheel. Coinbase has spent a lot of time and energy over the last 10 years building a lot of these core technologies, like how to store crypto securely, and how to connect into all the blockchain to make sure they're staying in sync, how to do blockchain analytics to make sure it's done in a compliant way and how to trade crypto and stake and mints NFTs and index all of the metadata that's out there. It's almost like another segment of the Internet that needs to be -- needs companies need help accessing it. And so I think for many of these companies, they're not going to want to -- in the same way, they don't want to run their own data center, unless that's their core competency, they're going to use a cloud product. Well, for many of them, crypto is not their core competency, but they do want to integrate crypto products, so they can use the vendor. And my hope is that basically, Coinbase is going through a transition where many of these services that we've had to use internally for our products over the years, we're now in the process of externalizing them through our Coinbase Cloud product and building that in a way it's robust. It actually makes our internal services better to have them cleanly decoupled and architected in a way that any third party can also use them. The question also asked about growth in education and things like that. So of course, first, we just need to get the product functionality to everyone. I mean, that's a good first step. But we started sponsoring hackathons, engaging with the developer community in various countries around the world, there's -- it's pretty exciting to see the amount of interest from developers. By some indications, the most common elective in computer science programs today is like AI and crypto are the 2 biggest ones. So I think as more and more crypto companies keep being built and the existing companies integrate it, we're just going to sell picks and shovels during this gold rush.
Anil Gupta: Great. Okay. Well, let's switch gears and take some live questions from our analysts. Operator, can you start up, please?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Pete Christiansen from Citi.
Peter Christiansen: I was just hoping if you could qualitatively give some color on how funded account retention is looking in cost of acquisition there. Just generally, what trends are you seeing now year-to-date and perhaps how they differed from last year? And then finally, I look at your balance sheet and looks like cash is more than 1/3 of your market cap right now. And I know there's a lot of reserved firepower there. But is there a point where Coinbase would consider repurchasing its stock?
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the questions, Pete. So let me just start with color on funded accounts. We don't give a specific metric on funded accounts, but I think the best way you could look at that in our shareholder letter is to look at our assets on platform. So we ended Q2 with $256 billion of assets on our platform, of which $123 billion were retail and $134 billion were institutional. Now that is down off of Q4 of $278 million, but it's roughly flat to Q3. And so what you'll see there is we had growth in retail funded accounts between Q3 of 2021 and Q1 of 2022, as well as materially higher from earlier in 2021 and beyond. So we continue to see growth in total retail funded accounts. With regards to the your second question about cash on the balance sheet, we use our cash for 4 buckets. We think about our cash for funding our operating needs, we use it for self-insurance, the potential risks on our platform, we're using a portion of it for lending off of our balance sheet to facilitate bootstrapping, essentially the borrow lens market for crypto and allowing institutions to trade on margin, eventually providing loans to our retail users backed by crypto. And so that is a growth vector for us of that cash. We have not made any commitments to return capital to shareholders that I'm prepared to share today, either in the form of dividends or a share buyback.
Operator: All right. Next one on the queue is Ken Worthington from JPMorgan.
Kenneth Worthington: I would love to follow up on the earlier question on the NFT platform and maybe extending it to the network effect here. My opinion is success, at least can be measured by building users and getting inventory. So maybe fleshing each of those out, how are you marketing the platform to get more users? We can see the e-mails to existing customers and the commission-free trades. I was hoping you could flesh out the social strategy and other things you're doing to build up the users. And then on the inventory side, you mentioned minting, that seems to be a part of it. But are there steps you're taking to attract either big projects to list on your platform, maybe getting projects to sole list on the Coinbase platform? So what are going to be the drivers also to build the inventory? And then cleaning up here, can we talk about the network effects of developing the crypto trading, together with the Wallet now together with the crypto NFT platform on a common platform with lots of users engaging globally? It would seem to be something powerful here, but I'm hoping you could flesh that out.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. Thanks for the question. I'll start off and then Alesia, feel free add anything. So I think you're correct. There is a network effect here, both in the traditional sense and that we've added social features to NFTs. And so people are coming in and discussing and liking and there's basically a ranking algorithm that we put in there, which is permitted one today, but it will get better and better over time, recommending NFT content that customers may want to see based on their prior activity on site and also on chain data that's publicly available out there.  But there's certainly a network effect there. And then as you pointed out, there's also -- I'm not sure if it would be a network effect, but you could call it that, which is basically -- I would call it vertical integration, really, which is that Coinbase already has many, many customers where that's where they store their crypto and that's where they bought it. And so if they store their crypto there, then it's just much easier if it was one more click to just buy an NFT that would be much easier than having to, say, move their crypto to another wallet and then connect it to a third-party application, using a Chrome extension or something like that. And so this piece, you're absolutely correct. We actually -- this is the part where we haven't actually fully leveraged our distribution, and it's on our road map. If we can just natively integrate the NFT app into our existing products your crypto was already on Coinbase, then it's just one more click to buy it, I think that will be really powerful. You touched on marketing and there's certainly a number of efforts there. I mean, we ran some really cool product ads during the Olympics, for instance. I think some of our marketing around the launch was really cool. I certainly liked it. I think there's a lot more we can do with marketing, especially as the product matures. But I also feel like we haven't even built the majority of the functionality that we really want. And so I think we'll dial up marketing as the product matures a little bit. And the best marketing we can do is kind of what you alluded to earlier, which is just let's leverage our existing user base. That's going to be really powerful. Emilie, Alesia, anything you want to add?
Alesia Haas: No, I think that's all said.
Emilie Choi: Yes.
Operator: All right. Next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis from MoffettNathanson.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. As painful as this downturn is, I mean, Coinbase seems like they're sitting in a very unique competitive position, meaning in a much stronger one than a lot of other players in the market, given the cash on the balance sheet, talent, et cetera. Can you just discuss or elaborate a bit further, like how as you look out, having lived through these downturns before, how say, a year from now, you anticipate that you'll emerge actually in a much stronger competitive position coming out of it?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. I can start off and then feel free to jump in. So I mean, look, we've been through enough of these where I think in the young markets, people are irrationally exuberant. And then in the down markets, people are irrationally pessimistic, right? And remember, this is just like we had 1 quarter where the market kind of pulled back. I think there'll be real kind of blood running in the street or something like that if it continues for 4 quarters or something like that. And I will say that we -- our cash balance does give us a big advantage here, in the sense that we can actually continue to invest. In the past, we've seen people get distracted. We've seen people get discouraged. We've seen companies pivot to try to do something unrelated. And it's generally been a mistake. So I -- honestly, I feel like we're better operating in this environment. It's somehow like the long-term focus in the rigor in how we allocate capital and how we plan different scenarios, it's allowed us to really pull ahead in down periods. And so I think coaching the team on that mindset is really important, too, because a lot of our team has joined since -- they've only joined when crypto was in an upmarket. And so people oftentimes have to see their first cycle, then they kind of get it at a deeper level and the future ones are less and less scary.
Alesia Haas: I just want to expand on that, I think that [indiscernible] is important that this was in the range of scenarios that we already planned for. And so we are committed to our product road map. We're committed to build great products regardless of what the market is. And we put on a little bit of a blinder because at the end of the day, we think they're building great products, serving our users will then be the right long-term outcome for Coinbase. And that gives us dry powder than when the market is down to do strategic acquisitions that Emilie alluded to earlier. We bought Xapo in the last crypto winter. When other companies are needing exits, we hope that we'll be sitting strong and be prepared to then expand as well, both organically and inorganically.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. I guess last thing I'll just mention is that there's a pretty big gap between revenue multiples for us as a public company and what we're seeing in private market crypto investments currently. And so I think reality is probably somewhere in the middle of that gap probably needs to close. And so we anticipate probably over the next year or so that we'd see corrections in private markets for that or in both directions, frankly. So as that will take some time to kind of move through the private markets, and I think that could change the outlook on the M&A front as well.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Will Nance from Goldman Sachs.
William Nance: I appreciate all the color on the -- your thoughts on managing the business in this macroenvironment. I wanted ask a question on just the hiring that you guys have done. One of the stats that stood out to me in the report this quarter was the 1,200 people added. And I know I think Emilie talked earlier about the investment strategy around 70-20-10, which is obviously very helpful. But I guess I'm wondering if you could just provide a little bit more color on what exactly the 1,200 people are doing? How you're kind of allocating? It just strikes -- it's a large number relative to where you guys started off, and I think we know this is all kind of part of the plan at the beginning of the year, but we get the question a lot around what are these investments and where are they actually being diverted to? So any additional color you could have? And then related, you guys have this guidance for the negative -- the no more than $500 million in EBITDA losses for the year. Could you just talk -- I mean, it looked like the exit run rate for the quarter on ARPU was something like $25 million, if I'm not mistaken. So just any color on how close we are to having to take actions to mitigate the loss? And where would those kind of come from for the remainder of the year?
Emilie Choi: Why don't I start and then Alesia, you can -- and Brian, you can put in. Thanks for the question, Will. So we -- at the highest level, when we think about adding headcount, we think about how -- what the product goals are and then how do we amplify them through the addition of headcount. And when we think about the composition of headcount, roughly speaking, we're aiming for 50% at any given time of our headcount being in product engineering and design. And the reason that matters is because we're a technology company, and we want things to be done in as automated a way as possible, thinking nimbly about the suite of products we offer. For example, if we build trading services, we want to be able to use one trading services layer to then power retail and institutional trading and to be as efficient as possible. And then as you mentioned, we think about the 70-20-10 split such that of those 1,200 product engineering design folks and the rest of them, how do we kind of map them against those things.  The other thing I'll mention, and then Alesia, pipe in, is I think that one of the things that we've grown is just making sure that we're building the right infrastructure as we scale up and have ever new increasing requirements on reliability and scalability. And the other thing is, as a regulated company, we invest pretty heavily in compliance. And we know that, that is important to us because it helps us solidify our relationship with our customers and regulators. And so that's another piece of headcount that matters. Alesia, anything to add?
Alesia Haas: I'll just address the ARPU part of the question, Will. So you're correct. As we look at recent times, we're heading into the high 20s and we shared a chart in our shareholder letter on Page 15 that everyone can take a look at, that gives you a sense of 2017 to date, what ARPU has kind of fluctuated that. And you can see on a month-to-month basis, there's a lot of volatility, but it kind of been on an annual average, kind of has hit between the 30s and 40s, with the exception of 2021, which was all-time high levels.  So it has trended down, but it hasn't changed materially from the 2019 kind of other crypto winter time period. The levers that we have at our disposal is we can slow the hiring ramp. We obviously spent a fair amount of our expenses in our CX and BPO costs, which were at very high levels in Q4, given the volumes that we've seen. And so those costs will come down as volumes temper. We also have other levers around other variable cost spend that we will then adjust to ensure that we can try and hit that $500 million EBITDA cap if that's what we need to do.
Anil Gupta: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: All right. Our final question will be Owen Lau from Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: I have two quick questions. The first one is, how will Coinbase potentially participate in the adoption of Lightning Network and the progress of Coinbase integrating the exchange into Lightning Network?  And then the second one is on Coinbase Wallet. Can you talk about the penetration? How do you measure success and the potential next step for Wallet? So like the Network and Wallet.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. I can start off on that. So for Lightning Network, for those who don't know, Lightning Network is a layer 2 solution for Bitcoin, with lower fees, improved payment capabilities. And we think it's a really important innovation that we would like to support. There's, of course, layer 2 solutions across a variety of blockchains. And so Etherium has some layer 2 solutions as well. And just broadly, I'd say we're seeing a lot of interest from customers in Layer 2 solutions. You could think of it as -- I think it could be as important as the Internet moving from dial-up to broadband in terms of the new applications and utility that it will unlock. So we're working really hard to integrate every layer 2 solution out there that our customers want. We don't have a specific date to share with you about Lightning Network specifically, but it's certainly one of the ones on our road map. Let's see, you asked about Coinbase Wallet and how we measure success. So we look at similar metrics to give rest of our business. And if we look at MTUs, monthly transacting users, we look at the amount of crypto that's custodied in Coinbase Wallet, we look at revenues, things like that. there's a lot that we're doing on Coinbase Wallet. We have a Chrome extension that's out now, so that can link directly to your mobile wallet. You can connect your ledger to it. We're supporting new blockchains through Coinbase Wallet. We are doing -- making it easier for people to connect to third-party applications both on mobile and through the web browser on desktop and sort of they want to access like the whole wide world out there. And then similarly, making it seamless to go through the process of buying new crypto or topping up your Wallet to connecting it to an app, using that app without needing to have a computer science degree and then making sure that it's secure. And so people don't accidentally lose their funds or forget their password or anything like that, I firstly think Coinbase Wallet is one of the most important things we're working on because it's going to allow us to offer the same functionality and services that we do with our retail app in a lot of emerging markets, where the regulatory environment is less clear. It's going to allow people to use the very latest stuff happening in crypto in a more decentralized way, things like decentralized exchanges and DeFi and Dow's and NFTs, like a lot of the stuff is coming first to Coinbase Wallet, self custodial wallets out there. And even Coinbase NFT, we launched first with support only for self-custodial wallets, including Coinbase Wallet.  So we're making a big investment in that. I think trust and ease of use are the core things that we focus on, just like all of our products and anticipate that to be a bigger share of our MTUs over time. Emilie, anything you want to add?
Emilie Choi: I think that the only thing I'd end with is just that we really do think will it is the gateway to Web3, and that's why we have such a strong belief that making the investment and is the right thing to do for the long term.
Anil Gupta: Great. Well, thank you all for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking to you again on our next call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-24 17:50:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Mel, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coinbase Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator instructions] Anil Gupta, Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Anil Gupta: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to the Coinbase fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings call. Joining me on today’s call are Brian Armstrong, Co-Founder and CEO; Emilie Choi, President, and COO; and Alesia Haas, CFO. I hope you have all had the opportunity to read our shareholder letter, which was published on our IR site earlier today. Before we get started, I’d like to remind you that during today’s call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may vary materially from today’s statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause these results to differ from these forward-looking statements is included in our SEC filings and shareholder letter available on our IR website. Our discussions today will include references to adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or in isolation from GAAP measures. You can find additional disclosures regarding adjusted EBITDA, including a reconciliation to net income the comparable GAAP measure in our shareholder letter. We are once again, using say technologies to enable all shareholders to post questions to management. In addition, we will take some live questions from our research analysts. Before we get started with opening comments, I wanted to start with a question for Brian. Brian, looking back at 2021, it was an incredible year of growth for crypto and for Coinbase. And looking ahead, some people are suggesting we might be entering a crypto winter. So what’s your view of the crypto market today and what’s Coinbase’s position broadly.
Brian Armstrong: Yes, thanks Anil. So, I don’t think we’re entering a crypto winter. In fact, we don’t really think about it like that anymore. I think early on in crypto’s history, there was this trend of going through, summers and winters. And the thing is crypto is kind of working now. And so I don’t expect it to be anything quite that pronounced over time. I think, we basically have no idea what’s going to happen in the next quarter or the next couple quarters. And at any moment in our history with crypto, it’s like trying to predict what’s the S&P 500 going to be next quarter or something like that. And so what we do in the absence of that is we just consistently build great products and grow the business because long-term we’re incredibly bullish about the potential of this industry. I mean, I think we’re just in the very earliest days of this industry and it has a massive potential TAM, there’s a ton of capital being injected into this industry. And a lot of the smartest young people are all rushing to build companies in this space. And then with all those thousands of new companies, I think you’re just going to see as ton of innovation. So, I guess unlike in past crypto cycles where we might have had summers and winters crypto is working, we’ve got major use cases now, outside of people just trading it, DeFi has tens of billions of dollars locked up in it. NFTs has been a massive trend and continuing to grow. People are building gaming and social media apps and DAOs and identity systems and I think what we’re really seeing is that Web 3 is kind of the future of how people are going to build all kinds of applications on the internet, even non-financial services applications. So the biggest problem we have is not think about kind of what’s going to happen in any given quarter, it’s how do we actually capture the size of this scale of this opportunity in front of us when there’s so many kind of multi-billion dollar business opportunities around us. And so, honestly it, we would love a chance to get it, like catch our breath, right? If things weren’t growing quite so quickly, that would almost be better because we have to focus all of our time on scaling when things grow so quickly. Having a chance to invest more in some of these upcoming business opportunities would be the best outcome. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of a sense of how we think about it.
Anil Gupta: Great, thanks. Helpful perspective. So let’s start off the call with some opening comments about our results. Brian, back over to you.
Brian Armstrong: Yes. So, I’ll give a quick summary of the letter and then I’ll turn it over to Alesia to give more detail. So, obviously 2021 was just an incredible year for Coinbase, the kind of thing that you see very rarely in your lifetime, in a business career. Not only did crypto obviously do well, and we can talk about that. We hit a $3 trillion of total market cap, Bitcoin and ease hit all time highs. Now, one in four U.S. households, according to some third-party research now own crypto. So this is becoming mainstream, and of course, Coinbase is not just in the U.S. So the crypto did well. But I think Coinbase, did incredibly well also maybe even better. And we’re really helping drive this adoption, I think by making crypto safer and easier to use for people all of the world just to give you one metric, Alesia will go into more details. So, we hit an all time high in our monthly transacting users of 11.4 million, which is 4x year-over-year, 400% pretty incredible. And we’re continuing to add assets really quickly. We have a diligent process that we go through to look at what assets we can add from a cyber security and legal point of view. We can’t add all the ones that are out there. But the one we can add, we added 95 new ones for trading, 72 for custody, more than 50% of all our trading volume this year is on a that’s other than Bitcoin and Ethereum. So, we just saw this industry really flourish last year and Coinbase really, I think, capitalized on that opportunity and help to lead it. So looking ahead for 2022, the opportunity is just as big, if not bigger, I think we’re continuing to invest in our suite of products. So, we’re a multi-product company. We do a 70, 20, 10 resource allocation with 70% on our core, 20% on these strategic bets, and 10% on these venture bets, and kind of bigger moonshot efforts or more ambitious moonshot efforts. And so building that, that suite of products and thinking about how they can all be tied together is really powerful. And I think our fundamental belief is that crypto, it’s not just going to be an investment, although that’s a massive use case and the first pillar of our strategy, it’s not just going to be a new financial system, which is the second pillar of our strategy. And we have lots of products helping make that happen. It’s also going to be the new default way that people build applications on the internet. It’s the new application platform. That’s what people are calling Web 3, and they’re going to be building all kinds of applications not just financial service applications. So, we believe Coinbase is the best position company in the world to help drive that change. And our goal is really to be the primary account where people access crypto economy and Web 3, and we have this really great customer base and brand infrastructure that all nicely integrates, and we can make crypto easy, and trusted, and safe to use. So with that Alesia, let me turn it over to you to give a bit more detail on our 2021 results and the outlook for 2022.
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Brian. So, we put a lot of detail into our shareholder letter. And so I encourage you all to read it, but I want to call out a few highlights. As Brian shared, we had a lot of great wins in 2021. First one, I want call out, as we expanded our trading volume market share, our trading volumes increased 8.5 times versus 2020. And this was higher growth than crypto spot markets, which grew at 7.5 times. This means that our trading volume market share increased in virtually every asset that we support on our platform. Second, we made significant progress at diversifying our revenues and we significantly increased our revenues. Our 2021 transaction revenue increased more than six times year-over-year to $6.8 billion, including $2.3 billion in Q4. And our emerging revenue streams, which we call our subscription and services revenues became more significant. We generated more than $500 million of subscription and services revenues this year, including $214 million in the fourth quarter. This was a 10 times increase from 2020, and importantly, this now compromise – comprised 7% of our net revenue in 2021, up from 4% in 2020. We’re anticipating massive industry growth to continue over the long term. And this really informs the backdrop of our 2022 investment plan. So, switching gears and turning more towards our outlook. I’m going to start with Q1. So, we noted in our letter that Q1 is trending software in Q4, and this is driven by lower crypto asset prices and lower volatility than we saw last quarter. Both of which are significantly correlated with our monthly transacting users and our trading volumes. Quarter-to-date, our retail MTUs have averaged roughly $10 million. On our trading volume quarter-to-date we’ve seen approximately $200 billion. And so we expect Q1 to have lower MTUs and lower trading volume than Q4 of 2021. In terms of subscription and services revenues, we do anticipate the price effects i.e., lower crypto prices we’ll drive lower revenue in Q1 as compared to Q4, but we’re excited about the prospect of this revenue stream nonetheless, and continue to build new products and grow our native unit on our platform. On the, expense side, we’re anticipating transaction expenses to be in the low to mid-20s driven primarily by the growth of blockchain rewards revenue and our operating expenses, excluding other expenses and there’s more to detail about this in the letter will be in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion. Turning to full year 2022. I want to just start with it. We are very difficult to forecast our business and we’re entering this year with more unknowns, which make it even more difficult to forecast than what I would’ve said last year. And so it is too early in the year to take a very precise view. This informs our approach where we say we would be transparent with you all, but we’ve provided for an average annual retail MTU range that stands from $5 million to $15 million for 2022. And importantly, we are prepared to manage our business through either end of this range, through any of the outcomes and permutations in between. Our 2022 expense outlook reflects an ambitious headcount growth plan to build the product experiences and infrastructure to drive user adoption higher throughout the world through increased marketing investments in international expansion. And as Brian alluded to earlier, we are really excited about the options ahead of us. Given this wide range of MTUs of $5 million to $15 million, which could in turn drive a wide range of revenue outcomes. I wanted to provide some more color on what you might expect. If we performed to the middle or the high end of this range, we expect to be profitable. If we perform on the low end of this range, we plan to manage our business such that our adjusted EBITDA loss would be no more than $500 million. Against our $7 billion of cash that we ended the year with, we think this is a very manageable loss if we choose to take it because the investment for the long-term is the most important thing we can do, because we’re in the early days of crypto. So not withstanding short term, lack of predictability, we’re so excited about the progress we made in 2021 and our plans for building out further this year. With that, I’ll turn it to Anil and we can take some questions.
A - Anil Gupta: Sounds good. So before getting into Q&A, I wanted to clearly lay out some principles for our Q&A session today similar to last quarter. First, we will answer the most uploaded questions, determined by the number of shares. And we may group some questions together that touch on the same themes. Second, we don’t plan on answering questions related to the potential listing of new assets. And third, we will avoid answering questions that we’ve done so in the past if there are no updates. For example, we still do not plan to issue a dividend. So with that, we’ll go to the first question. The first question comes from several users, including Akash S, who expressed concern about our share price performance recently and since Coinbase went public. How can we ask some context for investors about our share price performance to date?
Alesia Haas: Thank you, Akash for the question. And I think this is something a lot of investors have questions about. So, I’m glad you gave us the opportunity to respond. I’m going to answer it two ways. So let’s start with a textbook answer. There are a number of factors that play with regards to the COIN stock price right now. First there’s been a significant selloff in the market since the November FOMC meeting for many high growth companies. And Coinbase has no exception. This is driven by broad macroeconomic factors at play inflation, interest rate concerns and geopolitical tension that we unfortunately saw in the headlines this morning. So beyond macro factors, we’ve also observed that our stock has been highly correlated with crypto prices, which are down roughly 20% year-to-date. We honestly don’t truly understand this as this correlation does not take into account the growth in our market share that I spoke about previously, the diversification of our business beyond investing, and let alone the future potential of our business as we expand into new assets and new product stream. We’re focused on building towards revenue diversification, and we think this will trend will decouple overtime, but that is a little bit of what’s impacting our stock at this moment. The non-textbook answer now, when I look at the market today, I cannot help, but reflect back on prior risk off markets, where we saw investors move capital out of risk assets. And those historic windows honestly were the best times invest in my lifetime. So, when I look at the crypto market today and we see the innovation, the diversification, the growth sectors, there’s just so much to be excited about. And I’m really optimistic about the opportunities to enter crypto asset investments at these price levels. In fact, we just increased our own corporate crypto investments by nearly $350 million in the last few weeks. Brian, you want to add anything here before I go on?
Brian Armstrong: Yes, I think that was a great answer. I mean, look, I’m in the same boat. I have to scratch my head a little bit looking at some of the revenue multiples, and I think we’re very bullish about the future. I think it’s really rare to see a company that has high growth profitability and a massive TAM in front of it. That’s kind of the trifecta and its really hard for me to imagine an industry that has more growth potential in front of it. If I look at the next decade. And so I look, I think a lot of this is just human psychology. I think even just a few months ago, there was people, I saw lamenting like, oh, I wish I had bought crypto sooner or coin stock sooner and they didn’t think they would ever get a chance to buy something like at these prices again. And then of course, by some stroke of luck, when that opportunity does arise, that, they now they may feel pessimistic or something on it. So, I think it’s just human psychology. Like Alesia said, this is kind of when fortunes are made, if people some are greedy when others are fearful. But honestly I think we try to ignore this stuff. I think a lot of it is just short term, effects that are macro things happening out there in the world. And 95% of our effort should just be on building great products that help our customers and help grow this industry and I think the next 10 years are going be great. So, we really try not to think about it too much and just have a long term view.
Alesia Haas: I just want to reinforce that point. I think one of the questions is what are we doing about this? And first, I just think we are a good company. As I think many companies are asking this question of themselves right now, watching the stock price declines over the last few months, but crypto has prepared us well for volatility. And as Brian said, we’ve learned to focus on what is in our control. And for us, that means building safe, trusted, and easy to use products for our customers, investing in innovation and trying to clearly articulate our story and our business prom value to our employees and to our investors. And we believe if we continue to focus on these basic principles that will drive our long term business success and the stock price will take care of it itself.
Anil Gupta: All right. Our next question comes from Milton M and Jeff C, who are both focused on our revenue mix. What avenues of revenue are we exploring beyond trading? And do we have any ambitions to help businesses with NFTs, for example, and will diversification of revenue help decouple the share price from the price of crypto assets?
Alesia Haas: Great questions, Milton and Jeff, a little to unpack here. So, you are right that the transaction revenue has historically may have to line share of our revenue. But as I shared in my comments earlier, we’re taking steps to diversify this revenue and also grow our non transaction revenue streams. One of the big takeaways of last year was the increasing amount of utility in the crypto economy beyond investing and the growth of the subscription and services I spoke about earlier. We flex this that we saw 10X growth year-over-year. We have 3.6 million users earning yield on their assets at year end, which was more than five times the number that we’re doing in 2020. A lot of these users are taking their assets, many of them on a senior. And so we plan to open up assets for like ease to for institutions later this year. And we also plan to add new more assets, more proof of state chains for users to participate in. Beyond that, we’re really excited to launch our NFT platform. We view this as a very large total addressable market with new and existing users who are claiming for a different NFT experience, a simpler NFT experience. It still tends to be a little bit complex. And what we liked right now, when we’re absorbing the market is that NFT volume and price appear less correlated with other crypto assets. And so you’re seeing new crypto projects that have less correlation as just that general theme of diversification, whether NFTs falls to our transaction revenue or up not, you’re going to see different trends that that will lead to a more sticky revenue stream with time. And I commented on this earlier, but as far as share price goes, it’s difficult to predict the future, but we do hope to see that investors recognize that we are diversified platform. And we start to see our price decoupled from overall crypto prices. Anil, back to you.
Anil Gupta: Great. Next question comes from Tom W who asked about the timing of the ability to trade ETH2.
Emilie Choi: Great, thanks for the question, Tom. Generally we don’t comment on the listing of new assets, but this is a unique case, because we already list ease and then we allow taking for ETH2 trading in ETH2 is dependent on the merge, which is going to combine the original Ethereum blockchain, which is proof of work with the ETH2 chain, which is proof of stake. The timing of this merge is out of our control and it will be driven by the Ethereum community, but we expect to see it at some point later this year. And we think this is a really exciting event for the crypto community and are working to support our customers before and after the merge. We recognize that customers are seeking liquidity on their ETH2, and we’re working on solutions to provide this such as a raft ETH token in advance of the merge. And we believe that once ETH2 has liquidity available, it is going to drive more demand for ETH2 staking. We’re also working to extend this capability to institutional clients for the first time later this year.
Anil Gupta: Thank you, Emilie. Next question comes from Gerardo D who asks if there’s a roadmap for Coinbase to support traditional security, such as stocks.
Alesia Haas: Not at time. Over the long term our view is that everything will eventually migrate to blockchain technology. So, we’ll see security tokens as an example, and we’re excited to support those in the future. We’re invest thing in the infrastructure to power that future, but would you not see that as a near term move roadmap item?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. Just to add to that, I think, there’s so much greenfield opportunity in front of us with the crypto economy and Web 3, and frankly, we’ve got our hands full, I think just trying to keep up with all the various opportunities emerging there. So to me it would be a little bit of a step backwards to try to launch maybe a traditional brokerage or something like that. I think there’s many good companies out there already serving that use case. So, I would rather lean into the future and kind of build to where things are going.
Anil Gupta: Great. Next question comes from Kyle R who asked about how we plan to beat open seat for the NFT market share.
Alesia Haas: Yes, this is an important question. So clearly there’s a significant and growing amount of volume across NFT marketplaces today, but the industry is still so Mason that we see a lot of opportunity for innovation. We definitely don’t believe that this is a zero sum game. We’re huge fans of OpenSea. And in fact, we’ve been investors in their platform as, as members of win these ventures. And we’re always going to ultimately as Coinbase doubled down on the value props that got us to the place we’re in today, which are based on ease of use trust and safety. For our own NFT marketplace. We’re also focused on a social experience building a community. So the person who is architecting, this came from Instagram and has social roots, exclusive content and partnerships, and then distribution. So today people can, buy on Coinbase transfer to a wallet and then go to the marketplace. If they can do that all in one app with a few clicks, that’s a win. And it feeds into the ease of use that we think we’re quite good at. Brian, anything to add on that?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. I agree with that 100%, I think like it’s not really about beating OpenSea. I think this is a new market. There’s going to be a lot of winners. Oftentimes, if you put out a product and another product looks similar in the early days, they tend to diverge over time and find their own niches after at some point. So, I think just generally we’re really bullish on NFTs. It’s going to be much larger than just digital artwork or something, which a lot of people are thinking of it as there’s going to be all kinds of in game items in the metaverse there’s domain name and like ENS name type assets that are being created out there. There’s citizenship and governance and like, various novel fundraising mechanisms. So this segment is going to be really big and we’re – it’s so early. I think it’s not really about beating any of the other smaller players or any we’re a small player today too. So, I think it’s all about building the future. How do we hundred exercise with the opportunity?
Anil Gupta: Our next question comes from Ashwin N who asks when Coinbase will release infrastructure and tooling for buildings, for building like AWS for crypto. And similarly, John D asked how our offering and market share stack up to services like alchemy and impure [ph]?
Alesia Haas: Great question. So just for context, in many cases, we are offering APIs and tools that we initially built to use for our own products. And we’re competing by offering tools that can operate at significant scale. And this in many ways mimics the path of AWS. So Coinbase cloud is our product suite to provide infrastructure and tools for Web 3 builders and other companies to accelerate building their own crypto products. And we see strong adoption of our seeking services, which has reached tens of billions in assets staked across 25 protocols. We now support more than 60,000 nodes for participate, delegate, query and transact products. And in Q4, we launched a prime API, which augments and unifies existing services for staking exchange commerce and other products. We’re definitely in the early days. And we see meaningful opportunities to expand our suite of developer focused products. And then to comment on the competition in our product offerings. Like I shared earlier, when we talked about NFTs, we don’t believe this is a zero sum game, in fact, Coinbase ventures with an early investor in alchemy. So, we think that this is an area that’s ripe for development and growth. And again are at the beginning of the kind of trajectory of that. Brian, anything to add on that?
Brian Armstrong: No, I think that’s right. I mean, the question really asked about when will we release these infrastructure and developer tools. And I think what you’re hearing is some of those are already live today and there’s a lot more we’re going to add in the future.
Anil Gupta: Next question is from John D who asked about our progress internationally. He called that Singapore and Japan specifically, noting that it feels like Coinbase is behind any thoughts here to share?
Alesia Haas: Thanks, John, for the question. I think it’s a valid observation. At the same time, we weren’t first movers in these markets and our strategy is not necessarily to be the first to launch in every market, but we want to be the first to do it right. Now that said global expansion is a top priority for us as a company. Historically, we’ve built products for U.S. first, international second, and now we are transitioning to a new model and mindset where we shipped products globally by default. We made a big hire this past quarter by hiring Nana Murugesan and he is the VP of International Operations and Business Development. Last week, we did a blog post about lighting up the map, which is a new two-pronged approach to how we are going go after global expansion. So one is going broad. We’re going to launch foundational products that are gateway to Web 3 and crypto in country. And then also we’re going deep. So we’re going to launch localized infrastructure and public facing products with a full suite of services. Specifically, with respect to your question on Singapore and Japan, we have started to build local teams. We’ve hired our local country directors based in Singapore and Japan. We have set up engineering hubs in APAC to help localize our products for the region. And in Japan, we’ve made good progress working with regulators and have secured our license. We launched an early version of our retail product, and now we’re in the testing phase. We built a strong early foundation. We were the only crypto player to provide a banking reel with the nation’s largest bank, MUFG. And in Singapore, we’re focusing on institutional and are already seeing substantial interest in adoption. Our Singapore team is also focused on developing the large retail opportunity in Indonesia, Philippines, and the broader Southeast Asia region. So, we have a long term strategy in place and winning markets takes time. We expect it’s going to take, several years to build a market leading position across the market in the Americas, EMEA and APAC, just like we’ve done in our U.S. and European businesses. Brian, anything to add?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. I mean, I’m glad you asked about international expansion. It’s definitely something I’m really passionate about. If you just go back to our mission about increasing economic freedom. A lot of places in the world, certainly outside of the U.S. have major challenges around economic freedom. And that’s something that we feel like crypto is this incredible invention that can be creating this new, more global, more free, more fair financial system for the world. So international expansion is a big priority for us. You’re going to see us. There’s really – it’s really, a two pronged approach because if you’re going to large markets that have as a regulated financial service business, like we’re doing in Japan, you’re going to see that move slower because it’s a lot about getting the right licenses and the right bank partners and localizing the product. And that’s a country by country kind of slower approach, but it it’s great when you can land it. When you want to – if you want to go for more of a self custodial wallet or that product can be distributed globally quicker, you don’t have to go country by country. It’s more of a software product. And so we’re seeing that product do well in some emerging markets. And so I think we’re going to have, our custodial products do well in regulated markets. We’re going to have like major markets. We’re going to have our self custodial wallet do better in a bunch of emerging markets. And I think we’ll get a lot of global coverage out of that, that two-pronged approach. So glad that we’re getting more and more people in crypto on the platform globally.  And I think it, from an economic freedom point of view, a lot of barriers happen when people try to do remittance and FX and things like that. And so that’s kind of the dream. That’s the vision behind this in crypto generally is how can the world have one, decentralized global transnational financial system. That’s more efficient, more fair and more free.
Anil Gupta: Great. So, we’ll take two more questions before opening up to the analysts. The next one comes from Jason K and John D who both observe that many competing platforms are offering attractive yields on assets through staking or lending. So what are Coinbase’s plans to offer yield generating products and is Coinbase facing more regulatory scrutiny around these features? Or is it simply just not a priority right now?
Alesia Haas: Thank you for this question. I’ll take this one. So yes, yield products are one of the top requested products by our customers. And today we do offer staking products which are compelling yield generation opportunities. We drove more than $200 million of blockchain rewards this year, which is really root in largely in our staking revenues. As we added a number of proof of take assets, notably ETH2 in mid-2021. We hope to support more users to generate rewards from many more proof of state assets this year. And we’ll be looking to make that a large growth area for our customers and our revenue stream. You’re right to note that yield products are also a significant area focused by regulators. So there was some noise earlier this year about a lend product that we had in market that we’ve talked about on prior calls. And we have always taken the approach to embrace regulation and think of it as a thoughtful way you’ve done. It is a business enabler. So, we’ve seen recent actions in the market that have taken both of the state and federal level to curtail certain products offer yield. But there appears now to be a path to registration as a result of some of the recent enforcement actions. And so we will see how that play out, but our objective is to continue to offer more and more choice to consumers and institutions as we possibly can while remaining compliant with regulations in each market that we operate in.
Anil Gupta: All right. So the last question we will take from say today, before going to the analyst is from Scott W who asked a great question, he’s curious about DAOs, how do DAOs figure into the Coinbase product roadmap for retail and institutional users?
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the question, Scott. Let me start by quickly defining a DAO. A DAO is a Decentralized Autonomous Organization, and it’s currently being used as a catchall term that describes the broad range of emerging organizations that are powered by crypto at their core. It’s one of the more exciting ideas in the crypto community right now, these range from investment DAOs that buy assets to social DAOs that create communities, to protocol DAOs that manage the infrastructure of the crypto economy. And DAOs unlock new ways of working that weren’t previously possible, and they offer the potential to improve organizational efficiency. This is innovation that could disrupt the long established business norms of organizing VSC [ph] Corps and LLCs. So taking a step back for Coinbase, we’re building a platform to create trusted, easy to use crypto experiences for customers across their entire crypto journey. And this would include developers who are creating DAOs or users transacting with DAOs. We’re making some early investments here in building the picks and shovels for DAOs that can help them succeed. And our initial focus is unlocking existing products like Coinbase Cloud, and prime to serve this new segment. Overtime, we hope to better explore these innovations and to expand our products, to meet the evolving needs of our customers. But it’s very early days. Brian, anything on DAOs that you want to add?
Brian Armstrong: Yes. I mean, we think DAOs are very exciting. I think it’s potentially the Delaware C Corp of the crypto economy. Right. And I think in terms of what products we can offer for our retail and institutional users. Yes. I mean, it’s, we would follow the same approach that we do with all of our products, which is how do we make it the most trusted and the easiest to use. And so you could imagine many scenarios where a retail user or a business institution wants to go create a DAO. We could help them do that. We could help them provide ancillary services to participants in the DAO, like around how to conduct votes and how people submit proposals and maybe how payroll happens on the DAO. Taxes, like you name it. So, I think there’s going to be a lot of opportunities to help people create DAOs and to manage them. And, yes, we’d love to build that out.
Anil Gupta: Great. Okay. So with that, we’ll switch and take a few live questions from our analysts. Mel, I will turn it over to you for the first question, please.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Your first question comes from the line of Ken Worthington of JPMorgan. Your line is now open. You may ask your question.
Ken Worthington: Hi good evening. Thank you for taking my question. Coinbase’s plans are ambitious and the increase in investment spending guidance is significant compared to the fourth quarter run rate. I guess, can you help us feel more comfortable with your comments at the pace of investment? Could in fact drive Coinbase to be unprofitable in 2022, help us feel confident in the investments you’re making in the new products, new services and new geographies that are driving the G&A and technology costs so much higher. And how much of the 2022 investments that you’re making could actually result in higher 2022 revenue versus the investments you’re making today. That’s going to benefit the business, over the next five years to 10 years.
Alesia Haas: I’m going to take a start at this and then Brian and Emilie feel free to add on. So Ken, just to unpack that a little bit, yes, 2022 is an investment year. As we shared in our outlook, it’s too early to call with precision where we think the revenue or the MTUs of 2022 will land, which is why we gave a range of $5 million to $15 million. As I said in my earlier remarks before in the midpoint or the high end of that range, we’ll continue be profitable, but then a scenario where we’re the low end of that range, that we are prepared to generate to drive a loss of up to $500 million loss and adjusted EBITDA. We believe that many of the investments that we’re making this year are going to the products that we articulated and are looking ahead. The investments that we’re making in our investment platform, for example, of adding new assets, adding payment rails, those we expect to impact our 2022 revenue, as we’ve seen the continued diversification of assets on our platform contribute very near term to the revenue that we’ve been able to generate. For example, in 2021, where we saw more revenue come from the long tail of crypto than from Bitcoin and Ethereum. Other investments that we’re making, for example, in the adapt platform and NFTs, I think that that’s going to not have as material an impact in 2022. And those are more long term bets that we think will have significant impacts on the longer term revenues of our company. Similar with international, it’ll take us, as Emilie said earlier quarters or years to see those investments turn into meaningful revenue streams. So, we think that the right long term investments to make. Last, we’re putting a lot of effort into just increasing the reliability, the stability, and the infrastructure on our platform. As Brian started in his comments earlier, the volume hiccup from 2020 to 2021 was extraordinary. It’s sort of, you don’t see these moments very often in your business career where you have 5x, 10x kind of volume multiples on your users, on your volume, on your platform. And what we’ve seen in crypto is that you do see those step functions and growth. And so we want to make sure that we can offer great experiences to our customers and meet the volume that is coming to our platform. And so that requires investments in infrastructure. So it’s investing in near term revenue opportunities, long term, as well as infrastructures, how we would bucket that investment.
Brian Armstrong: Yes, I think that was great. And that, you’re reminding me of just when we did the direct listing, I think we’ve repeated that message a handful of times that, we’re going to continue to invest through up and down cycles, but roughly we feel like we’re so early in this stage of this industry. We roughly want to operate the business at breakeven, smooths out over multiple years, if there’s up and down cycles so far, we’ve been profitable every quarter as a public company, but we’ve, we just want to repeat that message again, that we’re going to continue to invest through up and down cycles because it’s the early days we’re investing for the long term. So hopefully that, that gives good context on our thinking.
Ken Worthington: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes on the line of Will Nance of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. You may ask your question.
Will Nance: Hey guys. Thank you for taking the question I wanted to ask, I guess another question on the investment spending. You’ve seen a lot of the competitors with the large crypto exchanges make pretty significant investments in kind of brand advertising, stadiums, things like that. Everyone was at the Super Bowl this year. And I guess when you look at the competitive environment and the amount that your competitors are spending on, maybe the less visible things that we can see from the outside, how much of the investment that you’re making this year, would you say is the response like, are you guys trying to keep up with the market or you guys feel like you’re pulling ahead of the market in terms of the amount of money that you’re spending on the ecosystem?
Emilie Choi: Thanks, Will for the question. I’ll try to tackle this and Alesia, Brian, please add on. So, I think that we are going to probably just take a different approach to the way that we do marketing and for us, we want to do things in an authentic way that we feel is representative of Coinbase and Web 3. Historically, we had a lot of organic growth and then we started experimenting with, high ROI paid acquisition and saw great success with that. And we continue to build on top of that with great product marketing. And then you saw our Super Bowl ad. In general, we like to be a very ROI driven company. And so to that end, the marketing efforts that we embark upon are going to be very kind of quantitative measured as with, the Super Bowl ad. I think that’s from the first Super Bowl ad that ever was kind of in that direct response mode. So we’re going to do things International to Coinbase. We’re going to do things that are, that we think are differentiated to Coinbase and we feel like that’s the only way for us to operate. Brian, Alesia, anything else to add on that?
Brian Armstrong: Not too much to add. I think you nailed it. I mean, I think, the number one thing we’re focused on is building great products and then we’re at a scale now with number of users and, and brand awareness where I do think it makes sense to invest in marketing, but you’re probably going to see us do it a little differently than other crypto companies. We want to do something that that’s more authentic to us. We want to be rigorous about it as, as Emilie mentioned. And I think we have a opportunity to kind of go, tell the world more about the vision for the company, the mission for the company, what we’re all about, why are we doing this? Why do we think this is good for the world with kind of brand campaigns? We have an opportunity to do just talk about the products with, with great product marketing and the performance marketing. And we might do some, just create kind of fun stuff too, that’s creative, but you’re not going to see us. Probably do really. I don’t know, what you’d call the rest of it, but it’s going to look a little different. So Alesia, anything you want to add?
Alesia Haas: I think you guys have nailed the marketing spend. The only other comment will, I think I thought of her a little in your question about how much of our spend is doing things to catch up what others are doing versus staying true to our own roadmap. And I think most of us are spend as trained true to our own roadmap and that’s beyond marketing, but that’s also in, we want to offer products to our customers that we see customer demand for. So we’re not always going to be the first to market with a product, but once we see customer demand, we’re going to fast follow and make sure that we can leverage the strength of our platform, which is distribution, which is the security and trusted nature of the products we built to tack on more and more product experiences to create a better experience for customers.
Will Nance: Got it. Really helpful. Thanks everyone. And then just maybe as a follow up, if I can just asked a little bit more about the institutional business, yes from a revenue contribution. It’s relatively small today, but obviously that, I think that kind of understates the scale of the business. When you think about new product initiatives for the institutional side, do you guys envision a scenario where the institutional business can contribute a much larger share of the revenues over time? And I’m thinking specifically about product initiatives around derivatives and client financing. I think you’ve made a couple of moves recently in terms of acquisitions and licensing around derivatives. How significant do you think that could be in, in, could we be, looking at a step function in institutional revenues at some point when those things come online?
Brian Armstrong: We’re very excited about institutional as well. I think it’s got a ton of potential and there’s some synergies there with retail and institutional, so it’s, I expect it to grow quite a bit over time, but yeah. Emilie, go ahead, Emilie. We got lots of thoughts.
Emilie Choi: Sure. I think the plan is for our entire business to grow and institutional will grow as a part of that and we think it’s going to be a large part of it. I think what the contribution is going to be over time is still TPD. But, we’re remember that we only kind of began building this about two years ago and it’s already showing such promise and legs. I think the cool thing about the institutional business is that, there’s a bit of a roadmap in terms of what you’ve seen in the traditional institutional world. And so our team who’s building this can kind of look to that and see the products that existed in the traditional world and say, how can we envision that in a crypto oriented world? And to your point, Will things like financing and other products that are just, loved by institutions including derivative are areas that are just no brainers. And that’s why we’re making big investments. Alesia, anything to add on that?
Alesia Haas:
anything:
Will Nance: Awesome. Well, thanks for taking all my questions today.
Operator: All right. Thank you. And next question comes from the line of Rich Repetto of Piper Sandler. Your line is now open. You may ask a question.
Rich Repetto: Yes, good evening. Brian and Alesia and Emilie. This sort of goes back to an earlier question. When you talked Alesia about, near term investments in moderate term and long term but it does seem like you have a lot of opportunities that Brian has laid out in, in the, the strategy section and the pillars. So I guess, could you help us, at least identify some of the shorter term things that we could see that could actually contribute to revenues on the shorter term basis.
Alesia Haas: Sure. Thanks for the question. Rich. So as you, Brian also shared earlier, one of the things that we look at is 70, 20, 10 model, where 70% of the investment goes to our core, 20% to adjacencies and 10% of ventures. That’s not somewhat closely also to the way that we think about our pillars of our strategy, where the bulk of our investment is still going into the investment platform, adding assets, adding payment rails, going global, adding marketing, and a lot of innovation there. And then the ventures is more of the, a 10% side, which is the, the newer, newer product. So when we think of that, I think what you’ll see a lot of growth from in the near term is we expect a lot of growth from existing subscription services. Staking is going to see a lot of growth. We’re adding institutional access to ETH2 this year. We’re adding new staking protocols. And we see a lot of user interest in the yields generated by staking app by previous stake. So I expect that as more near term type revenue. And I think that these we’re excited about the potential of NFTs and derivatives. These are going to take a while to get right into the add meaningfully to our revenue. There could be some surprises, quite candidly, but I want to be more cautious. And when we see that coming into our revenue this year.
Rich Repetto: Got it. Very helpful. And Brian, just one follow up question, Emilie mentioned that you do have a, I think she mentioned you had an investment in OpenSea and I’m just trying to understand the, the strategy and philosophy in the venture investments, like the purpose and, I think they just raised money at pretty good valuation. How would you look at exit, is there an exit strategy for those type of investments like OpenSea?
Brian Armstrong: If you cut out for the first part of the question, but I think the question was about ventures and what the exit strategy. I mean our plan is to hold those. We, again, we feel it’s very early days and so I expect Coinbase centers will turn out to be incredibly valuable over time. We’re not planning to, trying to liquidate anything there in short term, Emilie, anything you want to add?
Emilie Choi: Well, Rich, we were actually in the, the seaground of OpenSea. So it, one of the things like the way that we think about the goals there is it’s an incredible way for us to stay close to the ecosystem, see what’s popping, get great different insights build relationships in the crypto ecosystem that potentially lead to M&A as we did with Bison trails. And then ROI is and IRR is more of a third criteria. And yet at the same time, the returns have been quite impressive. And so it’s a really nice side benefit. So again, we’re holders of all these assets. We think they’re going to be quite valuable,
Anil Gupta: Mel, I think we have time for one last question, please.
Operator: All right. Thank you. And our final question comes on the line of Lisa Ellis of MoffettNathanson. Your line is now open. You may ask your questions.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. Thank you. Thanks for squeezing me in. The question about the competitive environment, in the U.S. market where some of the global players have been investing more heavily in U.S. subsidiaries. Can you just help crystallize for us how Coinbase, shines there differentiated self relative to the handful or so of other crypto native brokerage and exchanges operating in the U.S. Thank you.
Brian Armstrong: Yes, I can take that quickly. So far, we haven’t seen meaningful volume from, I guess, foreign exchanges that are now trying to enter the U.S. But, I think we have to be mindful of it, if you can think of it as Coinbase really has the opposite challenge, which is we started in the U.S., we’re very, we’re doing really well there. But we’ve increasingly turned our attention to international. So I think that’s we, the way we’ve differentiated over time, as we’ve leaned into regulation, we’ve sought to be the most trusted player in the space. Whether that comes to cyber security or legal efforts and that kind of thing. And then we tried to make crypto easier to use as well. So, you know, we’re not trying to make a product for super technical people, or super professional, super pro traders or whatever. We’re trying to make a product for everybody. And actually, I think even technical people and pro traders prefer interfaces that are easy to use. And so being the most trusted being easiest to use. That’s the way we’ve just differentiated over time. Emilie, Alesia anything would you want to add?
Anil Gupta: Okay, well, that does it for today. Thank you everybody for joining us on our call today and we look forward to speaking with you on our next call.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-09 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Celine and I will be your conference operator today. At this time. I would like to welcome everyone to the Coinbase Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Anil Gupta, Vice President Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Anil Gupta: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to the Coinbase Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Joining me on today's call are Brian Armstrong, Co-Founder and CEO; Emilie Choi, President and COO; and Alesia Haas, CFO. I hope you have all had the opportunity to read our shareholder letter which was published on our Investor Relations website earlier today. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements is included in our SEC filings and shareholder letter available on our IR Website at investor. coinbase.com. Our discussion today will include references to adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe that certain non-GAAP measures of financial results provide useful information to management and investors regarding trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations. non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or in isolation from GAAP measures, you can find additional disclosures regarding adjusted EBITDA, including a reconciliation to net income that comparable GAAP measure in our shareholder letter and current report on Form 8-K, which are posted on our IR Website. I want to note that we're once again using the Say technologies platform to enable our shareholders to post questions to our management team. In addition, we will take some live questions from our research analysts. And with that, I'll turn it over to Brian and Alicia for some introductory comments.
Brian Armstrong: All right. Thanks, Anil. Thanks everybody for joining us as well. We've had another solid quarter and this is to admit the volatility happening out there in crypto markets. We never know exactly what's going to be happening in this quarter in crypto, but we are seeing really strong and accelerating pace of crypto adoption globally. In the letter, we actually shared some insights on the pace of this adoption and how it mirrors that of Internet 25 to 30 years ago. And we looked at some third-party research which indicates that crypto users have doubled in the first half of this year, now over 200 million people in that growth is accelerating. So what are going to focus on Coinbase? So there's 4 main areas. The first is about products, we're a product-led Company, and we focus a lot on how we can improve the customer experience to get to a billion people accessing the crypto economy through our products every day. So how are we doing that? Well, we're investing in our core apps, the main retail app.  We're also investing in our prime brokerage app for institutions. We're building Coinbase Cloud, which is our AWS like developer platform for any business out there that wants to build into the crypto economy. And we've been investing in new initiatives like in a few marketplace, in our direct deposit offerings. The second area is around customer service. So you saw that we announced 24/7 phone customer support, which we're going to be rolling out next quarter. We're also investing in cyber liability. In midst of all this growth, we're very focused on maintaining adequate uptime for our apps and website in this unprecedented growth period.  And then lastly, we're focused on our policy and government relations, efforts, and regulation. And so this is continuing the tradition that Coinbase has had since the beginning of seeking out regulators, being the most profit game licenses, and actually being in educational resource to help educate [Indiscernible] around the world about how this industry can be something very positive for the world. So I know there's lots of questions to get to you, but let me stop there and I'm going to turn it over to Alesia next to share a summary of our financial performance.
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Brian. As Brian shared, Q3 was a strong order for Coinbase. We provided a lot of disclosure in our letter, but I thought I would share a few perspective. It starts with volatility, the story of our third quarter really centers on lower volatility that we saw early in the quarter. Our monthly transacting users and trading volumes and therefore transaction fee revenue all correlate with volatility for some very important driver of financials. Trading volume across the entire crypto spot market declined quarter-over-quarter in Q3. For Coinbase our institutional volumes outperformance this broader market and our retail volumes performed in line with the industry. Next I want to share a bit of color on our retail transaction fees. I know you all watch this closely. As you'll see from our disclosures, the blended average fee rates were lower in Q3 versus Q2 for our retail business. We want to be clear, there was no change to our retail transaction fee rates in the quarter. The decline that you see is the result of math. It is a result of the facts that in low volatility periods, we see our low dollar volume traders become less active. We've seen this transaction reimbursed in October as customers have been very active on Coinbase, given the change in crypto prices and volatility that we've seen in October, and our blended average retail fees were higher in October. I want to share with you again, this is just an outcome of activity on our platform and that there's no underlying change to the fee rates. 3 other important trends on a Cloud. First, our focus on asset addition and paying off, we told you before we want to be the Amazon of assets, and today we see 59% of our trading volume in Q3 coming from other Crypto assets. We don't know precisely which asset customers are going to adopt, so our strategy of learning to support all legal assets will give our customers have brought us and save us choices to do some. Second, our customers are deepening their engagement with our product fee. 28% of our retail MTUs that invested also engaged with a second product gunpoint mix in the quarter. And 49%, nearly 50%, of our MTUs are engaging with non investing products overall. We see this as a great indication that we're moving to the utility phase of Crypto. Third, our subscription and services revenue was strong at $145 million, this is up 41% compared to Q2. We are pleased to see this growth despite the impact of volatility on the transaction revenue.  And again, this is just an encouraging sign that crypto is increasingly moving to utility, particularly with these cases around yield and rewards, I want to turn to our outlook. In our shareholder letter, we noted that Q4 is off to a strong start. Volatility in crypto prices both increased in October, which has resulted in October monthly transacting users of 11.7 and October trading volume of $186 billion. Additionally, as I mentioned before, we've seen an increase in those retail fee rates in the month of October. As a result of that strength, we've increased our MTU scenarios for full-year 2021. Our low is now 8 million MTU s, which is the average over the course of 2021, and our high is 8.5 million, as outlined in our letter. We also shared that we anticipate our 2021 annual average net transaction revenue per month will be in the high $50.  On the expense side, our updated outlook reflects our strengthening view of Q4, including transaction expenses in the mid-teens as a percent of our revenue. Sales and marketing will be higher compared to Q3 as we ramp up our brand investments, and our tech and dev and G&A spend should come in in the neighborhood of $1.4 billion combined. It's important to note that that excludes -- it does not include stock-based compensation. With that, I will turn it back to Anil to get started with Q&A.
Anil Gupta: Thanks, Brian and Alesia. Before getting into Q&A, I wanted to clearly lay out some principles for our Q&A question today. First, we will answer the most uploaded questions determined by a number of shares and make group questions together that touch on the same teams. Second, we don't plan to answer questions related to potential listing of new assets. And third, we will avoid questions we've answered in the past if there are no updates. For example, we still don't plan to issue a dividend. So our first question is from Sylvie UP and Jason M. They asked about Coinbase ventures. Can you talk a bit about our venture strategy, investment process and maybe highlight 1 or 2 investments you are particularly excited about. Can you walk us through the capital allocation strategy and how these investments are captured in our financials?
Emilie Choi: This is Emily Troy, President and COO, thanks for being on the call. So we're very pleased with the progress of Coinbase ventures. We launched it in 2018 primarily with the mandate to support the growing crypto ecosystem and we have become one of the most active corporate investors with more than 200 portfolio companies at this point. One of the questions was about the ones we're most excited about and we look at it as thematically what is really interesting and popping and what teams and technologies are really interesting. So this includes everything from open fee, which we invested in their seed round in 2018, because we thought NFTs was going to be interesting, tax bit and coin tracker because taxes are so important in crypto.  BlockFi for lending, Uniswap for decentralized exchanges, and then CoinSwitch, because we think India and international are such important themes. And that's the way we think about the portfolio we just -- we really look at interesting themes and then try to find the best teams and technologies in the space. And as I mentioned, we want to support the ecosystem because it helps support and grow those companies and also helps us get differentiated in size about what's popping. A secondary goal for us is about M&A pipeline and or partnerships. So for example, Bison Trails is a Company that we invested in as a Coinbase centers Company and it is now -- had been acquired by us and forms the basis for Coinbase Cloud. Another example of this, on the partnership side is that we invested in compound before partnering to support their day 1 listing for custody and trading. So we think there's a lot of different ways that we can work with these companies across the spectrum of partnership to acquisition. And then finally, we also do care about ROI, and we think that will be showing strong returns in coming quarters around that, but that's kind of a secondary goal for us. Final thing, I'll say on this is just that we've been spending a lot of time as of late working with protocols, Web3 infrastructure, DeFi, CeFi, and of course NFT Metaverse. And we think there's just an abundance of innovation in this space and we want to keep doubling down on those opportunities. Alesia, do you want to talk about the financial part of it?
Alesia Haas: Happy [Indiscernible]. So first part question, how we think about our capital allocation framework, and here I would sure there's no hard and [Indiscernible] rules. When we look our overall Balance Sheet, we allocate capital to 4 different use cases. 1. Is just to working capital, 2. Is to product support and strategic initiatives of which venture investments and strategic investments fall into that bucket, 3rd. Is to any potential risks that we may have that we want to self-insure and then lastly, is the ability to be able to fund our business through a crypto winter. So this capital allocation is a constant discussion between Emily, Brian, and I about what is the best and highest use of our resources, but in some very important area that we allocate capacity to. We called our strategic investments on our Balance Sheet under other non-current assets, income CDOs in our financial disclosures in our 10Qs
Emilie Choi: 10-K. The majority are equity investments who withhold less than 10%, so these are minority passive investments. We recorded net cost and test for impairments on a regular basis. They could be -- subsequently in Britain up, this is a very rare because the accounting world for when we actually write up an investment are very precise. It has to be an identical transaction and what we typically see in these investments that they have subsequent rounds that are not identical investments. And so you will see us typically carrying this at cost. There could be a significant delta between the fair market value of these investments and the carrying value reflected on our books. We look forward in the future to producing more disclosure and giving you more insights into this portfolio and may disclose fair market value at a future time.
Anil Gupta: Next, we received several questions about NFT. Sylvie UP and Steven D. asked if we can talk about the recent announcement of the Coinbase NFT platform and the overall strategy there. What are your plans for international expansion of the NFT platform and cross-platform usability. Devin Ryan from JMP Securities, asked about the social component of NFT and Rich Repetto from Piper Sandler asked about the timing of when we will launch our marketplace?
Brian Armstrong: So this is Brian, I'll jump in on this 1, so we're very excited about NFT. I think, this is going to be a very large area for crypto in the future, and it already is today. Traditionally our Coinbase is focused on FTs fungible tokens. And we're equally excited about NFT, I think it could be as big or bigger we don't know. So reasons do not permit it because of course we launched Coinbase NFT or we announced that we'll be launching it in next quarter or 2. And so Coinbase is a multi-product Company, we have an effort internally we call Project [Indiscernible]. Like Coinbase wallet, and Coinbase commerce. The direct deposit feature that we announced and these NFT all came out of that. This is NFT product that we've talked about is really just a small team. So there was a question there about the social experience, and I think that's something that Coinbase can bring to the table here.  We'd like to make our Coinbase NFT a little bit more like Instagram as opposed to say an auction like eBay. People that you can follow your favorite artists or creators and having a feed of content that is populated from those people you follow, that could be really powerful. And in addition, you can go in there and buy a NFT if you really like it, and we'll kind of showcase in your own social profile. In addition to that, I think we can just make hopefully a feed a much easier to use that kind of a hallmark with Coinbase tried to do out there to bring more and more people into the crypto space. So just simple things like, how do you connect your wallet?  You don't, hopefully you won't have to install a perm extension and if your identity and your payment methods and everything are just already connected from your Coinbase account, buying could be hopefully a 1 quick experience. So I think this is going to be a global phenomenon. We want to make sure our NFT platform is interoperable with every other platform out there. And hopefully we will see something launched in the next couple quarters there.
Anil Gupta: Our next question comes from Lee L. (ph), who has noticed some Coinbase marketing efforts lately, including ads on YouTube and our recently announced partnership with the NBA. Can you walk us through the evolution of your marketing strategy and how that will continue to fuel the growth of your user base and how do you measure effectiveness?
Emilie Choi: Thanks for the question. So like many classic consumer Internet companies, we have still such a strong base of organic users. And frankly, historically, we use very little marketing spend prior to this year. And now I think we see a huge opportunity and we're working to right-size our budget and invest more in marketing. We think that the next concentric circle to reach 1 billion crypto users globally as possible here and we want to use both organic as well as marketing efforts to help reach those users. And we're also looking to figure out what is authentic for Coinbase? How do we celebrate the unique aspects of Coinbase in the crypto community in those marketing efforts? So to that end, we recently hired our first CMO, Kate Rouch who came from Facebook. And for the first half of this year was focused largely on performance in gross marketing. And now what you're seeing is that we're expanding into the full funnel of marketing including brand efforts such as Made in America in Q3. The multiyear partnership with the NBA as their exclusive cryptocurrency platform partner that you referenced, and we have lots more to come. We think we have a very big opportunity to invest in brand, expand the channels that we reach, and that includes things like eSports to art, to sports, and we're also very excited about investing in content, educating existing and new users about the possibilities of crypto.
Alesia Haas: Just to add on a little bit, Emilie, what I would share with regards to the -- how do we measure it, how do we think about it? Marketing after decent efficacy is a new muscle that we're building as Emily noted, our marketing spend is moving beyond performance marketing. So for performance marketing, we -- we're pretty well tuned here and we look at our customer acquisition costs in [Indiscernible] and have i [Indiscernible] region outcomes we'd like to see. And we're planning to test, and learn, and gather insights into the spend, and so you should expect to see us iterating and testing quite a bit, and we'll share updates as they are relevant.
Anil Gupta: Our next question comes from Hobic K. and Caleb O. who saw the updates to our crypto investment policy. Can you share a bit more detail around that program for those who may not be as familiar, and what purchases -- what have purchases looked like so far and would Coinbase ever consider getting into mining?
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the question. So yes, in August, we announced an update to our crypto investment policy, and they picture our goals to become vast majority, if not 100%, crypto over time. We want to have [Indiscernible] in that direction. We've made 2 commitments. The first was to invest $500 million of our cash and cash equivalents in the crypto and second, we're allocating 10% of quarterly net income into the crypto investments. We're dollar cost averaging into a diverse portfolio over time, you will not see a $500 million step-up in our investments at the Q3, but you should expect to see this balance continue to grow. We've invested upwards of our crypto assets held are on our balance sheet at cost. They sit in a line item called Crypto Assets Held and you can view additional disclosures on our foot notes, which break these out for what is an investment versus what is crypto that we hold for operational purposes. You can also see on that footnote some fair value disclosure and you can see that our crypto investments as of Q3 were on the balance sheet and we disclosed a bit and other crypto assets break out in those details.
Anil Gupta: [Indiscernible] who asked regulation is top of mind, can you give us a bit of insight into the regulatory state of affairs in the U.S. today? How is Coinbase participating and how would you like to see the conversation evolve? And to add on, Owen Lau from Oppenheimer asked about how the digital assets policy proposal has been received by regulators.
Brian Armstrong: Yeah, I can take this one. So a regulation in our policy efforts are certainly top of mind for us as well. And whenever we see a run-up in crypto, we see an increased interest in policymakers around the world. And so just going back to our roots, Coinbase has always reach out, get -- keep licensing, be the most regulated, the most trusted, and also be really an advisor and a helpful voice for finance minister than anybody around the world who's trying to think about this change that's happening to our global economy with crypto and how it can be really a source of strength and growth for the countries that embrace it, while minimizing the small amount of bad activity that's out there. So we've continued that trend in recent months. We've met with a number of different regulators out there on regular basis. We even had a meeting -- I had a meeting last week with the chairman of the SEC, Chair Gensler, which I think was very productive.  There's a variety of different regulators in the U.S. and this is part of what we talk about in our digital asset quality proposal is that it [Indiscernible] CFTC, the SEC, the Treasury, and then of course, on transmission licenses and lending licenses. This is just in the U.S., 1 country of many, almost 100, where we have customers and so it's amazing that we as Coinbase, we have 53 regulators in just 1 country, U.S.. And so part of what we talked about in that proposal, as it is the digital asset policy holder with maybe it's time to have 1 regulator at the federal level in the U.S.. It could be underneath one of the existing regulators. It doesn't have to be a completely new [Indiscernible] a bit and use that as a way to enable more innovation in the space. Because Coinbase is a pretty large Company and frankly it's almost like better for us if there's more regulators because we can shoulder the burden of that as a larger Company, but it's really harming the startups in the space more. And we really want a space to grow and have a 1,000 Company to create economic growth and economic freedom here in U.S. as a financial hub in a world leader, I think it's important for U.S. to embrace that.  So that's part of what we proposed in the digital asset policy proposal. And I think with the tens of millions of Americans out there that are now using this asset class for all kinds of things, not just financial services and you need [Indiscernible] payments and things like that, but also for art and new forms of governance and identity and the Metaverse in thousand. And it's just so exciting that the millions of young people, the talented young people all over the U.S. [Indiscernible] but all we can all do, share these goals, both crypto companies and regulators is to come together and figure out how do we make this a safe industry that, let's get rid of the scams, let's go prosecute those, let's have good consumer protection and disclosure. But also help the industry grow because that's going to be [Indiscernible] American people long-term.
Anil Gupta: Thanks, Brian. Our next question comes from [Indiscernible]. How should we think about compression and transaction fees driven by competition? And how do you plan on diversifying your revenue streams?
Alesia Haas: Great question, [Indiscernible]. I'm glad you asked. So I will start with it and we've shared before that we don't think of ourselves as primarily competing on fees today. As we believe the services that we're providing are not commoditized. On the retail side, we compete on access to assets, which is why we focus on asset addition. We focus on products that allow our users to use their crypto, and increasingly the ability to more single interact with defined. So we're providing an economy that is you can differentiate.
Emilie Choi: On the institutional side [Indiscernible] well, where we offer an institutional grade [Indiscernible] broker, deep liquidity, we offer secure storage to our [Indiscernible] solutions so fees is not the primary aspect that we compete on. [Indiscernible] I would just want to share is that we haven't changed our fee structure in Q3 and haven't in some time. However, we do see the weighted average fee vary quarter-to-quarter depending on the mix of volume that we see on our platform. We did see a decline in our retail transaction fees in Q3, as we saw more volume from our pro platform than our consumer platform. And this is very common in periods of low volatility like we saw in July,
Alesia Haas: that we see high activity remain under our institutions and our Pro users and retail or the consumer trading some size build bit. And the opposite is true for periods of high volatility, like we saw in September and then we saw in October. And so, we do think in the long-term though, zooming out level, that we will see some compression as more and more products will become commoditized in crypto. And so we've already begun focusing on diversifying our revenue and you can see that progress to the growth of the line item in our subscription and services revenue. As we turn to our opening comments, what were really excited about is to sign to see crypto entities utility phase. And so users are not coming to us just to transact and buying [Indiscernible], they're also engaging with products like taking, earned, borrow lend. And I think it's just the beginning as we've announced that we're launching new products and services over the coming quarters that we think will further diversify these revenues. So I think our job is to continue to build compelling products experiences, allow our users to engage and multiply to become that primary financial account. We think this will camping out the revenue volatility and [Indiscernible]
Anil Gupta: Variance. So Timothy asked, Adam W. and Nicolas have asked for the improvements in the inept functionality around cost basis, profitability, etc. of a position. And similarly, what are you doing to [Indiscernible] what are you developing to help consumers come tax season?
Brian Armstrong: Yeah, so I can take this one. So let me just talk generally about how we think about this and then I'll answer your question directly. Just how do we think about taxes and costs basis in crypto well, we want to make it easier and easier for every customer of ours out there to calculate this so that "just works. " And you don't have to -- if you bought some crypto, and it went up in value, and now you want to spend it on [Indiscernible] or with Coinbase Commerce, that all just works. We've produced one simple forum for you at the end of the year, and the government's copy, you get a copy just like any other financial service firm out there. So that's going to be great for crypto and I think we're -- the good news is that we are getting very close to having that ready so we already sort of rolling out something called the Coinbase tax center and basically this is a single quarter's, let's say Coinbase commerce, and deposit the crypto on point data, we can help track all that for you so you don't have to worry about it.  Now in the future, I would love to see the crypto industry actually even companies is actually interoperable by deposit put it somewhere else and you move it here and you spend it there, like there's a way to get information sharing behind us to do on that in future. But I think, [Indiscernible] tax center will rolling out. It's going to be a huge step in the right direction and make it Coinbase just work for the people who are on Coinbase products at least. Secondly, you'd asked about cost basis and profitability, if we gain, loss, its summary. And this is a feature that we also feel is important. We've been working on for a while. So by Q1 in time [Indiscernible] from Tony P. who asked about competition, how do you think about the competitive landscape and who or what do you view as Coinbase's largest competitive threat?
Emilie Choi: We think it's a very positive development when companies enter the crypto economy because we think it creates more innovation in this side. There are companies like PayPal and Square and Robinhood and traditional financial institutions who are entering and we believe that that's a huge validation of the whole space. In many cases, we're actually collaborating with those companies and exploring ways to partner. And we talked about our differentiation point relative to those companies as being crypto-native. We can offer features and assets more scalably because we have a crypto-native bench. Other crypto-native companies that are out there that we admire a lot, their piece of innovation is risk. But also we look to them for inspiration in terms of what is resonating with crypto native users. In many cases, those companies are not regulated and we can offer more usable, more regulated versions of those products to customers. Customers, as we've talked about, choose us for trust, ease-of-use, safety, and security of our services. I think that ultimately the way that you should think about Coinbase in this market is we are happy player that makes things as usable as possible for our many customers. And then we also -- we are able to offer many more assets and many more crypto needed features such as staking rewards, borrow, earn, because of our exclusive focus on crypto.
Anil Gupta: Great, thanks. So we'll take one more question from say before [Indiscernible] Here is from [Indiscernible] and Jason M who has international plans [Indiscernible] product in future roadmap internationally notably across South Asia and South America. And additionally, harsher to rollout from Sanford, Bernstein asked if we can provide an update on recent launches in both Japan and Germany.
Emilie Choi: Sure. Our platform is now available in more than 100 companies globally, to fulfill that mission, we have to have as deep global and broad global reach as possible. So we're working to build products with the shift-international-by-default mindset. crypto is very global so our product capabilities need to be as well. We have different geographies and so we're mindful of which features to scale where and when, and we look at a host of different signals in these different countries and regions. GDP, crypto volumes [Indiscernible] so currency stability and we look actively to pursue both M&A and partnerships to help accelerate our path into those different geographies. Alesia, do you want to talk about the latter part of that question?
Alesia Haas: Absolutely. So thank you for the question on Japan and Germany, which you're going to -- our Q2 shareholder letter that we had just received licenses in both of these markets, and so they were long awaited launches for us. Just to go back a long license application process with the regulators. So sometimes we don't know exactly when we will launch. As a result, when we launch in those countries, it is an NBC product. Is the first foothold in a country, and so what we see in Q3 is we don't have a meaningful update to provide you in terms of those launches. But our goal is to develop the very similar products in those markets that we have in the U.S. reduce customer friction, offer delightful on-boarding experience within customer rails, and that's what we're building towards in those markets to really be able to then market and grow those customer pieces. So not yet material, but we hope to have news in the coming [Indiscernible]
Brian Armstrong: Okay, super. Thanks. So with that, we'll now transition and take a few live questions from our analysts. So Celine, I'll turn it over to you for the first question, please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. We have our first question coming from the line of Kenneth Worthington with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Kenneth Worthington: Hi, good evening. The crypto currency markets have had a nice move in recent months, in recent weeks. Do you think that the drivers of this interest in the crypto currency markets and ecosystem today -- and I think from the drivers that drove interest in the ecosystem late last year and even earlier this year. And maybe [Indiscernible] system evolving for retail and corporate [Indiscernible] currencies evolve from the fringe towards more of the mainstream.
Brian Armstrong: Thanks for the question Ken. I can share my high-level thinking on this and then I'm not really sure I don't have any thoughts as well, please jump in. I think if you go back really 3, 4, 5 years, a lot of the cycles in crypto were more speculative in nature. People were buying it because this was now a scarce digital good and they thought it would be valuable in the future. And there were some people using it for payments and things like that, but it wasn't the primary driver. What's exciting now -- and by the way, people would always ask me back then, [Indiscernible] nobody is really asking me that question anymore. We're now seeing the tons of these cases where -- like the NFTs and games, and you're seeing staking and borrowing and lending and Coinbase card. And I think, as Alesia shared at the beginning, almost half of our customers now, our active customers, are doing something other than trading crypto.  So I would say that -- I always hesitate to speculate on what is driving momentum and what's the recent rally or whatever we're currently a little bit longer term, but to me, the most important thing is how do we drive more people after using crypto from working, we're now seeing that in the numbers and I have to amend in that driving a lot of this recent growth, becoming less of a speculative thing. So Alesia and Emilie anything you want to add?
Alesia Haas: I agree with all that, Brian, I would just -- to connect the dots perhaps a little bit. When we see the growth of NFT that has great tailwind effects to than the etherium work chain etherium assets. And then we're seeing new development on Florida, which then has time protocols. And so I do think it's just the that were seen that is driving a lot of the overall crypto market cap growth. I think that's definitely the case on the retail side of the [Indiscernible] and then on institutional and I think we're continuing to see these new types of institutional investors besides make an allocation to crypto. And what we see there is an adoption curve that have starts with bitcoin, typically then moves to Ethereum but if to DeFi finding ways to say to make that's in the growing innovation [Indiscernible] than of crypto broadly. Lots of different drivers, but it does feel different as Brian said. But it feels less speculative than more driven by utility and broader adoption of crypto in more traditional use cases.
Kenneth Worthington: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Lisa Ellis, with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Lisa Ellis: Oh, terrific. Thank you. Thanks for taking my question. This quarter we've seen the launch of crypto ETFs in the U.S. Can you talk a bit about how ETF s are affecting Coinbase or may in the future? And I guess maybe the broader question is, can you elaborate a bit on how Coinbase is thinking about partnering versus competing with some of the traditional asset managers as crypto investing mainstream? Thank you.
Alesia Haas: Maybe in affiliate, so maybe I'll start and then Brian, Emilie, feel free to add on. So about the bitcoin ETF, and we think that it will benefit trading volumes just broadly. [Indiscernible] the system and ads a broader adoption. If there's some institutions that don't have the ability to invest in underlying spot. That doesn't mean it's a different market, so crypto stock market is 24/7 global, there's never a dull moment in them. But in these cases, obviously the bitcoin, each kiosks will also benefit about our stock market and we have the ability to provide custody solutions and are actively having conversations that how we can support the broader each [Indiscernible] adoption. And while our business today is entirely spot, we do have ambitions of launching a futures trading business in the future and applied for approval to do so in the U.S. So we're excited about the potential for that future growth of our own businesses as well. So in general again, very positive we're excited for the growth of the crypto economy and what that will bring more users into the space.
Lisa Ellis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question coming from the line of Keith Christensen with Citi. Your line is open.
Keith Christensen: Good evening. Thanks for the question. Glad to be here. Brian, I appreciate your color on the question regarding policy. Not -- doesn't necessarily have to be under completely different umbrella, but certainly a separate regulatory framework. But how do you think about that in the context of the world on a regulatory front? I mean, there's -- you have to get [Indiscernible] dollars into crypto somehow. How are you thinking about a policy maybe should be formed around that notion? Thank you.
Brian Armstrong: Good question. Thank you for bringing financial system in this new crypto economy, and so we often need to play in both worlds, right? We, for instance, we're custodying customer funds in U.S. dollars and so we have money transmission licenses for that as an example. I think this maybe a good question that, Emilie, feel free to add more.
Emilie Choi: [Indiscernible] and I think our goal right now is to get all regulator focused on crypto. I remain grew up around the need for financial intermediaries. Thanks local dealers to really facilitate the regulations and to see the interface between rigs in the customers. The technology can provide some of those services directly in crypto until we need to make sure that the regulations. And then around the comments we have around, yes, we don't want to have brought -- we don't want to have scams. We want to protect customers, but technology solves that in you have intermediaries as an example.  And so we think that having a single regulator and then help with the new principal per financial regulations in crypto look like will be helpful but we also believe that there's going to be -- and those crypto [Indiscernible] crypto commodities will be regulated all under traditional financial services regulation. But there's a lot of things that are new that need to be adopted. And so having that focus, we've seen this valuable. I don't know if that helps frame our views.
Brian Armstrong: I would agree with that, I think, there's some parts that were probably applicable in this new crypto Cloud, we don't want to scam. Market structure rules are probably there for good reason. There are some rules that we're always questioning. Doesn't that [Indiscernible] in the room that a lot of regulators and [Indiscernible] policy makers are having to grapple with right now, and we're trying to be a helpful [Indiscernible] to them is what really -- back in the '40s around orange [Indiscernible] we're all that crypto economy are these holding back innovation. And so those are big questions to ask, maybe even above our pay grade a little bit but I think they're important ones to ask.
Keith Christensen: Thank you. Great.
Operator: Thank you. We have our next question coming from the line of Will Nance with GS. Your line is open.
Will Nance: Hey guys. Maybe just another question on the regulatory environment. I think the Coinbase has always been part of this 1 of the members of the crypto ecosystem that's been the most proactive with regulators with your approach to compliance. What are you seeing in conversations with regulators today? And when you think about framework around crypto as it relates to your ability to rollout new products. I mean, what do you feel should be prioritized in those two kind of pull back on the reins a little bit and let you guys be more free to rollout new products. Is there a pipeline of new products that you are most excited about, but that you can't proceed with until there's more regulatory clarity?
Brian Armstrong: Thanks for the question, Will. I would say 90% of our interactions with regulators are really positive and constructive, and I generally feel like they're going really well. We try to reach out proactively to everybody before we launch products well in advance and kind of give them a heads up, and usually that worked out pretty well. 1 out of 10 times when we see some kind of bad policy that's proposed and we feel like we have a responsibility to speak up and kind of for the industry as the largest player in the U.S. and push back on it where it needed. But our deep follow-up is really just to proactively engage and I think that [Indiscernible] the time the regulators that we interact with our really thoughtful people and mutual respect. And we're just really trying to achieve the same outcome, same goals which is consumer protection and fair market.  There are certainly have been times where we felt like we wanted to launch a product and we've gotten a different answer at the last minute about whether we were allowed to roll it out and it's really tough on the team Coinbase that have put a lot of time into building this thing. So that's not always great, but this is a fast-moving space. We understand that these are complicated issue, so it's not always simple answers. And frankly, it's regulators don't always have the resources to go meet with every single Company in different places, thousands of it starts now, so it doesn't feel great sometimes but competitors have had something out there in the market for 2 years and then we aren't able to [Indiscernible] things like that but I also understand why that happens and regulators can't meet with every single [Indiscernible]
Anil Gupta: Operator, we have time for one more question please.
Operator: Thank you. We have our last question coming from the line of Rich Repetto with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Rich Repetto: [Indiscernible] on the black team rewards. [Indiscernible] doubled, acquired [Indiscernible]. The profit that really drove the up scripts. I guess, turning down [Indiscernible]you burn or can you? going forward. We're staking in Ethereum but what do you expect, can you continue to grow at it at what type of pace given the great results you've had here in the lot of the quarters?
Alesia Haas: Thanks Rich, for the question. I'm gonna reinstate it just because your -- but I think your question was you've seen significant growth in our blockchain rewards revenue that grew meaningfully quarter-over-quarter, and you're asking about what the trajectory is? Can you just confirm that I understood the question?
Rich Repetto: That's exactly it.
Alesia Haas: Okay. Great. Thank you for the question, Rich. Nice to hear it from you. We're really excited about the growth of blockchain rewards, which is predominantly sticking revenues today. And the growth here is really around the growth of overall proof-of-stake networks and the growth that crypto overall. So 1 is, we're going to add more proof-of-stake networks and offer staking in more assets on our platform. 2, is we have continued to have a waitlist for the period staking. And for the existing staking we offer and more users into the staking assets that we do provide. So we have existing runway with those assets. And those are going to be 2 significant that we believe that this is the direction the industry is growing. Brian, you want to comment on [Indiscernible] networks and the overall industry views.
Brian Armstrong: No, I think Coinbase data is going to continue to grow and I think staking award is walking reward with the economy, I think will be an important growth area for us in the future. I believe it at this point, in Coinbase is the largest guarantee stakers, for instance, which is really great. Emilie, anything else you want to add on this before we wrap up?
Emilie Choi: I think it's big source of innovation that goes back to one of the other questions about what is driving the activity in the ecosystem, and I think it comes back to this. And so we're pretty bullish on the potential for this, both as just helping the ecosystem as well as being an important source of subscription revenue for us.
Anil Gupta: Great. Thank you. Thank you. Brian, Emilie, Alesia, and thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our next call.
Operator: You have been removed from the call. Thank you for patiently waiting. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-10 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Maria, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coinbase Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Call lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] And I would now like to turn the call over to your first speaker, Anil Gupta, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Anil Gupta: Good afternoon and welcome to the Coinbase Second Quarter 2021 earnings call. Joining me on today's call are Brian Armstrong, Co-Founder and CEO, and Alesia Haas, CFO. I hope you've all had the opportunity to read our shareholder letter which was published on our Investor Relations website earlier today. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements. Information concerning risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements is included in our SEC filings and shareholder letter available on our IR website, @investor.coinbase.com. Our discussion today will include references to adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe that certain non-GAAP measures of financial results provide useful information to management and investors regarding trends relating to our financial condition and the results of operations.  Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or in isolation from GAAP measures. You can find additional disclosures regarding adjusted EBITDA, including a reconciliation to net income, the comparable GAAP measure, in our shareholder letter and current report on Form 8-K, which are posted on our IR website. Similar to last quarter, we are using SEI technologies to enable all Coinbase shareholders and analysts the opportunity to submit and upload questions for our management team. We had several thematic questions, so I'll summarize some of them. With that, let's go ahead and get started. Brian, Q2 was a strong quarter for Coinbase. What trends do you think are most important to highlight to our investors?
Brian Armstrong: Thanks, Anil. You're correct. Q2 was a really strong quarter for us. We had amazing growth in terms of users added to the platform, assets on the platform, revenue, just about everything. And also, great diversification across our revenue lines and users. So, this is really good to see. More and more people are using crypto and using the Crypto Economy, individuals, businesses, developers all over the world. Now, it's important to remember that just because we had a strong quarter, we at Coinbase, always think about longer-term cycles of crypto. This is a theme you're going to hear us talk about a lot here on this earnings call.  So, we don't try to get too excited about any particular quarter being up or down. We're always looking at the long-term trends about how are people using this new technology, how's the crypto economy growing, and how is that eventually influencing our mission of creating more economic freedom in the world? So, the question asked about trends as well, there's really 2 that came to mind for me that, I think, were really important in the last quarter. The first one is that we're continuing to see this trend of people using crypto for more and more things beyond trading.  For example, we shared in the letter that we now have 1.7 million users doing staking in crypto, which is a way to earn a yield on your assets. And this is up from -- basically, that number would probably zero a year ago. And I think if you go back to 2019, late 2019, we had less than a million MT users on our retail side for Coinbase in total. And now we have 1.7 million just doing one type of activity, staking. So, we're seeing people do more and more things with crypto, whether that's earning money with crypto, borrowing and lending, staking, using Coinbase card, and then, of course, trading.  And so, I think we'll continue to see that percentage go up over time, which is great. That's how the -- that a truly a crypto economy is forming, it's not just a trading platform. And then the second big trend we're seeing is this idea of Coinbase embracing decentralization. And I wrote a blog post about this. Really what this means for us is that we believe the future of this industry is going to be decentralized. There's going to be more and more third-party apps that are being created where people want to connect their wallets to it and Coinbase is their primary financial account, so we need to make it easy for people to connect to and integrate with all of these third-party apps out there that are happening; NFT's and DeFi, and there are hundreds of crypto startups now being built.  We're also focusing on international expansion, another form of decentralization, and just listing more and more assets. We want to be the Amazon of assets, list every asset out there in crypto that's legal. There are thousands of them today. There are eventually going to be millions of them. This is the -- all under the theme of embracing decentralization. Those are the two big trends that I'm seeing today.
Anil Gupta: Great, thanks. And Alesia, can you recap the financial highlights before we dive into investor questions?
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Anil. The second quarter was a strong quarter for Coinbase. To just elaborate on some of the things that Brian just spoke about, we saw user growth across the board with our retail MTUs, institutions, and our ecosystem partners. The metric that we really focus on is what percent of our retail MTUs are now using multiple products on Coinbase, and in Q2, was for 27% up from 25% in the first quarter. What's really notable to me, though, when I look at this number is the growth in the underlying MTUs and how many users we now have used multiple products on our platform. Brian shared we have 1.7 million users with staking, but we also sought 2.3 million users engaging the earn campaign during the quarter.  Separately on our institutional side, we're seeing broad adoption. One of the things that we highlighted for you all is that we now have 10% of the top 100 hedge funds measured by AUM, now clients of Coinbase and engaging with the crypto economy. Just like buying shares a few years ago where we had very few MTUs or like a year ago, very few stackers, about a year ago, hedge funds weren't participating in crypto.  This is really a new theme that we're seeing, that more and more hedge funds are making the allocation of the crypto economy and engaging in multiple assets on our platform. Combined, our users generated $462 billion of trading volume which led to $2 billion of net revenue and $1.1 billion of adjusted EBITDA. We were also pleased to see the growth in our subscription and services revenue which totaled $103 million in Q2, roughly 5% of our total revenue.  I want to take this moment just to remind everybody that Crypto asset prices and volatility heavily influence our transaction revenue. And these inputs continue to be volatile and very hard to forecast. We do not extrapolate our quarterly results. We shared our current outlook of potential future full-year 2021 scenarios within our shareholder letter, and we believe that any of those outcomes are possible for the full year.
Q - Anil Gupta: Okay. Great. Thanks. Let's now turn to the questions that we've received from our analysts and investors through the SEI technologies platform. We had several questions centered around the regulatory landscape from our analysts. So, Will Nance in Goldman Sachs, Sean Horgan at Rosenblatt, Rich Rippetoe at Piper Sandler, and Lisa Ellis at MoffetNathanson, [Indiscernible] at Bernstein, and Patrick O'Shaughnessy at Raymond James all asked about this topic.  So, Brian, let's start with your view on the current regulatory environment. What kinds of proposals or actions do you view is likely coming off from the recent events and commentary? And how should that be viewed for the industry overall? What does it mean for Coinbase relative to perhaps fewer conservative competitors?
Brian Armstrong: Yeah, so the regulatory environment has been super interesting recently if you've been following along in the news and on social media just recently with the Senate vote on the Language and Infrastructure Bill, which has kind of gotten a lot of attention. A couple of things that I've taken away from this.  I mean, the first one is that the Crypto community has really come out as a powerful constituent, which it has something like on the order of 20 million people in the U.S. who have crypto, we don't know exactly, but they are now actually becoming a valuable participant in the policy efforts around the U.S., and I think that's going to happen around the globe eventually. The other thing is that there is still a really big gap in understanding.  We're seeing a number of our policymakers out there go-to back really for the crypto community and understand the potential of this technology, what it can do, and others who still have quite a bit of skepticism or just frankly a lack of understanding. And so just like with the birth of the internet, I think there's a huge opportunity here for governments around the world to benefit from the economic growth and innovation that could happen with crypto but, of course, some of the risks need to be mitigated and that's just an opportunity for us to go out there and educate.  So, what is Coinbase doing well, really from the earliest days of Coinbase when it was founded, we made this decision that we wanted to go out there and be an educational resource with regulators and folks in government, try to be the most trusted crypto Company out there and really invest in compliance, have that kind of tone from the top. And we felt like that was a more difficult path to go on, but it was the right long-term approach that would pay dividends and really be a business enabler for us. And so, we've continued that approach.  We're doing that in a variety of ways. We just recently hired Faryar Shirzad who's a former -- he's our Chief Policy Officer and was previously the Co-Head of The Government Affairs at Goldman Sachs, and he was also The White House National Security Council member. So that's been great where -- he's building out his team as you can imagine, just having started, he's quite busy these days.  We're also investing in something called the Crypto Council for Innovation, which is an advocacy group that a number of other companies in the industry have come together on. And we're using that as a vehicle to go out there and educate. I think we've always welcomed sensible regulation in this space. We basically just want to be treated on a level playing field with any other traditional financial services companies out there.  And I think unlike maybe some traditional tech companies that have waited for something bad to happen, then they reluctantly go engaged with the government, I think we view it as our role to go out there proactively before any issue comes up, be that educational resource, and advise world leaders and finance ministers on how they can adapt their economies to capture the opportunity in front of the crypto economy.  Central Bank digital currencies are a hot topic, competitiveness with China, which is really kind of taking a lead on this. And so, it's about shifting people's mentality from thinking about crypto as a set of risks they have to deal with to thinking of it as an opportunity. And yes, we can mitigate those risks, but that's actually not the most important thing in front of us. So that's what we're doing on the policy side.
Anil Gupta: Okay. great and as a follow-up for Alesia lending, in particular, seems top of mind not just for SCC Chairman Gemzar, but for states as well that have taken action against other companies. Could you talk about what types of lending activities Coinbase is currently engaged in and what concerns do you have around scaled these efforts while also remaining compliant with any forthcoming regulations?
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Anil. It's a great question. We've begun to build out a robust financing business. Today, we offer bilateral lending and post-trade credit to our institutional clients. On the retail side, our retail borrow product has seen growth and we allow many of our customers to borrow up to $100,000 against their crypto holdings.  These products are offered through Coinbase credit under the Stateline lending licenses that we have. It's important to note that today, we lend funds off our own balance sheet. We are paying careful attention to SEC Chairman Gothenburg's public statements.  And we are eager to understand the legal framework for the concerns that he has raised and how and if those may impact our product roadmap. As Brian said, we are engaging with staff and we reiterate our commitment to bring just the market reality to their attention and are looking forward to engaging with regulators to drive more regulation, to provide clarity, and to enable our product growth.
Anil Gupta: Okay. Let's turn to some questions that we received from our investors. We had a number of questions this quarter, including some of the top-voted ones that deal with the topic of decentralization and applications like DeFi, NFTs, Web 3.0, and others. Brian, could you help our investors understand a bit more about that shift and talk about the investments Coinbase is making here?
Brian Armstrong: Yeah, sure. It's funny for a long time, Coinbase is founded -- it was founded probably about 9 years ago, and people always ask me what are the use cases aside from trading. And the good news is that we're now seeing tons of these cases pop up in crypto. Some of them we're mentioned, DeFi, NFTs, and all the third-party apps or this Web 3.0 concept.  There's are literally hundreds of startups out there being funded by top-tier VCs with a really great founding team. It's like basically the dot-com startups of the internet era. And so, there are tons of used cases out there that are being created. With Coinbase as the primary financial count for many of these people participating in the Crypto Economy, they, of course, want to take those assets they storing with us and go use them with all these different new applications out there, these third-party applications.  So, what do we need to do to make sure we can enable that? Well, with Coinbase Wallet today, which is our self-custody app, you can go participate in all of these things, DeFi, NFTs, third-party applications, and a number of our customers are taking advantage of that.  But how do we bring that functionality to the main Coinbase app, the one that has the majority of our users? Well, that's the -- that's the next thing that we're working on. And so, we're doing that with a crypto app store, if you will, that's to be built right in the app. We're also doing some work to rearchitect our hot wallet using a technology called MPC, or multiparty computation, which is going to make our hot wallet compatible with these dabs or third-party applications.  There's some really important engineering architecture work happening there. And just -- the concept of embracing decentralization is bigger than just FTs, or DeFi, or whatever the hottest thing is that's happening this month in crypto, it's also about us embracing a global mindset. We are trying to build a Company that enables people all over the world to access the crypto economy so we're doing a lot of effort in international expansion. It's also about enabling all the new assets that are being created in crypto. Like I mentioned earlier, we really want to be the Amazon of assets.  We actually added 22 assets in Q2, which was great, that was the most we ever added in the quarter, but we need to keep scaling that. I think there's eventually going to be millions of crypto assets out there. You could imagine if there's going to be a crypto asset for every crypto startup that wants to get created and who wants to raise money, or if every kind of individual might create a coin, or there's NFTs and like. There are so many new assets being created that we eventually need to support millions of these. And so, there's a lot of work going into how we scale that process internally and making sure we're ready for all that growth.
Anil Gupta: Great switching gears a bit. We got a question about asset listing. So, Sean Horgan over at Rosenblatt Securities asked about engagement and activity on Coinbase after the introduction of those last quarter, and how that approach has -- if that approach has changed as we look at new assets. And Brian, can you just overall expand on our approach to asset listings in general.
Brian Armstrong: Yeah. No major changes as a result of that asset listing, but that was one of the 22 that we did in Q2. I mean, our overall approach is we're agnostic about which assets are going to win, we really just want to support every asset that's legal for our customers. And we have a very rigorous process we've created on the compliance, and the legal and cybersecurity evaluation of these assets to make sure they comply with those standards, but once we get comfortable with that, we want to list various assets that meet those listing criteria.  Bitcoin and Ethereum still make up about 50% of our trading volume, and the other 50% is the long tail of all the other assets that we support. No single one of those long-tail assets accounts for more than 10% of our trading volume so it's really starting to become quite a diverse set of assets out there.  And in any given week or month, there's something interesting and happening in one of them, that tends to trend up or down. We never know which one is going to be there, the active one that week, but we need to know -- we know that we need to support the entire ecosystem of assets out there for our customers.
Anil Gupta: Great. Brian, several shareholders asked about our institutional business and how Coinbase is offering is not only differentiated and relative to other service providers in the market today but also how do you believe the product evolves over time as more established players enter the space, could you talk a little bit about that?
Brian Armstrong: Yeah, sure. So, I'm really excited about our institutional product, and it's going super well. We've now basically become the dominant institutional platform out there. We're serving customers like SpaceX, and Tesla, also PNC Bank, Third Point, and WisdomTree. Alesia mentioned earlier, 10% of the top 100 hedge funds by AUM have now onboarded our institutional product. And we're just really excited about this product.  The asset managers, corporate treasuries are now using these products, pension funds. It's really quieted a lot of adoption that we've seen. The question asked about, why are they choosing Coinbase? What's defensible about it? I think the main thing with defensible is that we are really the fully integrated solution here.  People not only trust us to do custody and store crypto assets, but we also have our Prime brokerage products integrated, so they have the full suite of products there in terms of our smart order router, which connects into more than 10 venues to get the best liquidity. We also have a number of products -- services for them like post-trade credit. If they want to do staking on these assets and earn yield, or if they want to participate in the governance of some of these blockchains. These are all features that our institutional customers ask for.  We've also integrated our market and on-chain data analytics products in a way that it's providing them a lot of value. And so, we basically have this one-stop shop where you can store your crypto, trade it, earn yield, do post-trade credits, and things like that that are needed all in one place. I think it also really helps that we've established ourselves as the first public crypto Company offering this kind of service. It's now -- larger companies are much more comfortable trading with us. And the work that we've done to create this product is really difficult.  People sometimes don't realize that integrating with all these different blockchains, doing transaction monitoring for compliance, storing these private keys and material in a way that's distributed globally so it has redundancy, and consensus mechanisms, and it's audited, and then tested. This is all a really core differentiator for us, and so we're really -- The last part of the question really is you asked about what's going to happen as more established players enter the space.  I mean, first of all, I think we're really excited about that. We want every single financial services Company out there to enter the crypto space because we believe this is going to be a huge part of the economy in the future, a substantial portion of global GDP. And so, we want every bank and financial service Company, Fintech out there to integrate crypto if they haven't started already. So, I think this is partially a competition for us, but it's also partially an opportunity because one of the things we're building is called Coinbase Cloud, and this is our AWS for the crypto product.  It's taking all those difficult things that we've had to build that I mentioned, [Indiscernible], blockchains, and transaction monitoring, and custody, and everything, and exposing those through APIs in a way that any third-party can actually build on top of those services, those APIs to get to market faster. And we're seeing interest from a number of those financial service players, for instance. And so, I think that we may have an opportunity to actually create a big business out of that as more and more people enter the space and not have it just be truly competitive.
Anil Gupta: Thank you. Alesia, investors often ask about our marketing efforts in the wake of the incremental investment we spoke about last quarter. Could you outline our marketing efforts and what they've looked like to date? What we've learned? And any clarification on the marketing strategy for the remainder of the year and beyond for Coinbase?
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Anil. Yes, our marketing spend has grown, and we grew about 65% quarter-over-quarter, so we're definitely ramping up our efforts here. To date, our spending has primarily centered on paid media on digital channels. And we believe the step-up in marketing was the key component of the growth of our MTUs this quarter. As we look forward, though, we plan to really ramp up additional marketing investments in 3 ways.  With the global driving brand awareness, growing customer acquisition, and increasing our customer retention globally. You're going to see a focused scenario of brand awareness like partnerships and sponsorships. We're going to look to new strategic channels and new venture channels for us, which could include TV or out-of-home off of the digital space.  These are going to be fundamentally new marketing channels for Coinbase, and we expect them to perform differently than the optimized core performance marketing move investor in to-date. What we're looking to do here is the test. We need to learn and iterate to get the right balance between optimizing the new channels to drive additional growth and return on our investments over time.  We believe all these new investments in brand campaigns and strategic and venture channels will drive the full funnel estimate growth, and bring more and more people into the crypto economy, which is really our long-term goal of driving a billion people into crypto, increasing economic freedom. As we look to the rest of the year in terms of spend, we've left our outlook unchanged and we believe sales and marketing expense as a percent of our net revenue for the full year 2021 will range between 12% to 15% of our net revenue.
Anil Gupta: About half a dozen shareholders inquired about topics related to our capital allocation principles, how Coinbase evaluates investment opportunities, how we fund these opportunities, and ultimately, if and when capital may be returned to shareholders. Alesia, can you provide a framework for helping investors understand our approach to capital allocation?
Alesia Haas: Happy to. We are a high-growth Company, and we are in what we think of as the earliest days of a massive global opportunity to bring crypto to a billion people. As such, we think it's the best opportunity to put our capital to work in our growth flywheel, for product development, to add users to our platform, to add new assets to our platform, and build the exciting product roadmap we have.  We invest this resource in a 70-20-10 framework, thinking about 70% with a percent towards core work, 20% to strategic investments, and then 10% to innovative new ideas. We also think about investing both organically and inorganically. And we think about using our capital for the potential for opportunistic acquisition in service of our product roadmap. When we think about the use of our cash overall, then, it's to fund our operations, just core business operations. We also think a bit for strategic purposes.  And lastly, what we would think of is for investment cash. We're very mindful that crypto is volatile and we want to ensure we have enough cash and resources to weather any prolonged crypto winter cycle, and still be able able to grow our business and execute on our business goals. As we said previously, we have no intention of any near-term return of capital to shareholders in the form of a dividend or share repurchase.
Anil Gupta: Okay, thanks. Brian, customer service continues to be a hot-button issue and a very important topic for many of our shareholders and consumers. What would you tell shareholders about the state of customer service at Coinbase, and what are we doing to address ongoing customer concerns?
Brian Armstrong: Yeah. Well, in -- with all of this type of growth happening in the last couple of quarters, you can imagine this has been a big focus for us. Proud to report that we are doing much better but there's always more to do. We've increased the headcount 5x or so since January this year working on support specifically. That means there are now more than 3,000 people dedicated to solving customer support issues.  We're also rolling out live support for customers via chat and phone later this year in a more robust fashion. Some of these things along with our -- just improving our education resources, making sure the help center is up to date with all the latest features, these are all investments that are happening and I think we'll continue to make progress there.
Anil Gupta: A few investors honed in on the consumer financing products we've brought to market recently like, Coinbase Card and Bitcoin Borrow. Brian, can you talk about the vision for those offerings, early learnings from how consumers are engaging with them, and how and when we intend to expand those programs?
Brian Armstrong: Yeah. Sure. So Coinbase Card and Coinbase Borrow are both examples of what we think of as expanding the crypto economy, right? It's this trend that we've talked about where crypto started as something that primarily people were trading.  And then, they thought about, "What else can I do with this? Can I spend it? Can I get a loan? Can I earn money with crypto and participate in the crypto economy in a broader way doing all the things people might do with money, eventually?" The Bitcoin Borrow feature is a great way that we've allowed customers to secure USD loans, using Bitcoin as collateral, and it's been great to roll that product out. Coinbase Card is allowing customers to actually go spend their crypto on a debit card anywhere that Visa is accepted.  So, one of our goals long terms is how do we get more and more commerce transactions for goods and services in the everyday economy is happening with crypto. And there are a few things that need to get in place for that to happen. One is that you need to get the blockchain to be more scalable, and so there's some work we're doing on that. The other is that we need to get both a set of merchants and a set of consumers who both want to spend crypto.  So that's kind of a two-sided marketplace, a chicken and egg problem. And so Coinbase card is a way for us to dial up one side of the two-sided market by allowing -- you don't need the merchant to specifically crypto. They can -- as long as they accept Visa, you can spend your crypto with them. So, we'll dial up one side of the market, people spending their crypto. And once we get that to be larger, we can then go see who are the merchants accepting the most payments in crypto. And then we can go directly to those merchants and say, hey maybe you'd want to think about accepting crypto directly and see what kind of fees you can save and things like that. So that's a little bit of how we think about it.  And it all fits broadly under this concept of how do we grow the crypto economy? How do we get people using crypto for more and more things? All the things that they would use the money for and value for traditionally, but also, probably some new ones, which don't have a direct equivalent in the traditional economy.
Anil Gupta: Okay, great. I think we have enough time for one last question here, which comes from Owen Lau at Oppenheimer about fees. Alesia, you mentioned before, Coinbase doesn't compete on fees, but could you elaborate on our reported fees in Q2, as well as thoughts on both fees and spread going forward?
Alesia Haas: Yes, you're correct. We have said before that we do not compete on fees. And instead of focusing on being the lowest-priced platform, we focus on providing the most value to customers through our custody, our security in storage, in addition to trade execution, which is critical for bear instruments like crypto.  On the retail side, these services are bundled into our transaction fee. We're really competing though for these users based on the product suite. As we shared earlier, our users continue to further engage with the crypto economy in non-trading products like staking and earn.  These types of services, new assets, new ways to engage with crypto are what attract users to Coinbase. If you look at retail transaction revenue relative to our retail trading fee, sorry, volume, you will see that our weighted average retail transaction fees were 1.26% as compared to 1.21% in Q1. Driven by a mix shift between our customers, we saw more volume on consumer versus pro in Q2. I'd also remind investors we're reporting matched volume.  On the institutional side, customers are choosing us for deep liquidity and the integrated products suite that Brian spoke about earlier, as well as our heritage of security and compliance. If you look at our institutional transaction revenue relative to our institutional trading volume, you'll see that our weighted average fee was 3 basis points as compared to 4 basis points in Q1 driven by our Tier-based pricing in the higher volume that we saw in Q2.  We haven't made any broad modifications to our pricing in some time but we are constantly running pricing experiments and testing if there are opportunities to better serve different customer segments with different pricing models.
Anil Gupta: Great. Well, thank you. And so, with that, I think we're done. Thanks, everybody, for joining us on the call today and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-13 17:00:00) =====
Operator: My name is Erica and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coinbase First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Anil Gupta, Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference. 
Anil Gupta: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to the Coinbase first quarter 2021 earnings call. Joining me on today's call, are Brian Armstrong, Co-Founder and CEO, and Alesia Haas, CFO. I hope you've all had the opportunity to read our shareholder letter, which was published on our Investor Relations website earlier today. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that, during today's call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may vary materially from today's statements, information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ from these forward-looking statements is included in our SEC filings and shareholder letter available on our IR website at investor.coinbase.com. Our discussion today will include references to adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe that certain non-GAAP measures of financial results provide useful information to management and investors, regarding trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or an isolation from GAAP measures. You can find additional disclosures regarding adjusted EBITDA, including a reconciliation to net income to comparable GAAP measure in our shareholder letter and current report on Form 8-K, which are posted on our IR website. Last week, we announced that we will use Sei [ph] technologies to enable all Coinbase shareholders the opportunity to submit an upload questions for our management team. Thank you to everyone who participated in this process. We will start today's call by answering some of the most uploaded questions. We will also take live questions from Wall Street analysts, many of whom have done significant amounts of work to understand our business, which we are very appreciative of.
A - Anil Gupta: So with that, let's dive into the first question. Jordi Y [ph] asks, when will users be able to trade DOGE.
Brian Armstrong: All Right. I'll take that one. Thank you for the question Jordi. And asset addition is something that's near and dear to my heart. There's more and more assets being created in the crypto economy. I think it's going to be something, kind of, like apps in the App Store on the iPhone where there's eventually millions of these assets created over time and so we're putting a lot of work and thought into how do we accelerate our pace of asset addition, and one of those is DOGE, as you mentioned, which has been getting a lot of attention recently. So, to answer your question directly, we plan to list DOGE in the next six to eight weeks. And then more broadly, we're going to be focused on how we can accelerate asset addition in the future.
Anil Gupta: Our next question comes from Garrett H [ph], who asks, as volatility increases with the crypto market, can we expect to see a continuous profit and revenue growth, as with the most recent quarter. In addition, can we look forward to additional ventures to cover the potential feeless future of crypto trading?
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Anil. I'll take this one. Garrett, thanks, this is a great question and there's a lot to unpack here. I want to start by saying that we do not believe in a B list future of crypto trading. At least in the near term. That said, we are definitely focused on building new products and services and to diversify our revenue streams. Many of these new revenue streams are reported as subscription and services revenue, which generated $56 million of revenue in the first quarter. Our goal is to become the primary financial account of crypto economy for our users and to achieve that goal, we're focused on introducing our customers to new products, services, adding new assets, as Brian just mentioned. Over time, we believe, all of this will drive diversification of our revenue. But going back to the first of your question as to whether we can expect to see continuous profit and revenue growth when volatility increases. I think it's really important to understand, crypto volatility and crypto asset prices can and have fluctuated meaningfully quarter-to-quarter. And historically, when we're in periods where we see a high bitcoin price and higher crypto asset price volatility. Those two factors have driven to higher trading volume and therefore higher transaction fee revenue periods for Coinbase. However, those are not assured, we could see periods of increased stability or decrease. In our shareholder letter, we included an outlook for Q2, along with full year 2021 outlook. Quarter-to-date for the second quarter, we have seen a continuance of the strong crypto price cycle with high levels of volatility, both in retail and institutional. We expect total Trading Volume to meet or exceed the Q1 levels if our performance continues at the current pace. And we have seen growth in MTUs since the end of Q1, driven by the continued strength in the crypto market. To remember to close, I think it's important to remind you all that our revenue and growth can be volatile and we could see periods of growth, we can secure the stability and we could see a decline in our revenue.
Anil Gupta: Our next question comes from Alan L, who asks, as crypto becomes more mainstream, how does Coinbase view competition with decentralized exchanges?
Brian Armstrong: Yes, I'll take that one. So we are very excited about decentralized exchanges, I think this is a really important innovation in the cryptoeconomy, and it's a great example of the kinds of services out there that our customers want to use, even if it happens to be somewhat competitive with one of the products that Coinbase offers, which is a centralized exchange. So I think in the future, there's going to be centralized exchanges, and also decentralized exchanges. We need to make the full breadth of those products available to our customers. I'm not a fan of trying to force people to use something just because it happens to be our product, we need to give our customers access to everything they want to use in the cryptoeconomy. And they can do that today through our sub-custody wallet, Coinbase wallet. They can also – they can access decentralized exchanges directly through that product. We also have something called a smart order router that our institutional customers use, which can basically route orders to whatever exchange has best pricing and so in the future, you may see us integrate that into our retail product as well, where every order that comes through, it can be routed behind the scenes. The customer doesn't even really need to know, is it going to a centralized exchange, a decentralized exchange, something run by Coinbase, something out there in the world, as long as they're getting the best pricing, they probably don't really care, and that's a feature that we hope to offer in the future.
Anil Gupta: So we have several other top questions that have similar themes, so we'll combine them here, one from Shinra G [ph], one from Lee El, [ph] John B [ph] and Tim G [ph]. They asked about longer term product strategy or new potential new DeFi service offering, an update on staking and thoughts on introducing an NFT marketplace?
Brian Armstrong: Yes, so again, I'm happy to jump in here. So, there's a ton of innovation happening in the cryptoeconomy, this is great, so we heard a lot of examples here with s DeFi and NFT's. There's a lot of third-party applications. Some people call them daps or decentralized apps, DeFi is another name for that and kind of like I said in the previous answer, we want to make all of these things available to our customers, and just make them easy to use and trusted. And so, we're going to do that in a number of different ways. Again, Coinbase wallet is an example or our sub-custody app, where you can – people are already using a number of these things. And we hope to integrate that kind of functionality further into the main Coinbase app as well. In a perfect world, people will be able to just tap and open one of these third-party applications and it'll already have their wallet connected, because of course, our strategy is to be that primary financial account in the crypto economy and in the future, maybe even their identity and everything is already connected when they just open one of these third-party applications. So, I think that's going to be really important part of how the crypto economy grows. In terms of staking, since there was a question about that as well, this has been going really well. We actually crossed a million customers using our staking products in Q1 and it's become a nice source of revenue for us.
Anil Gupta: Our next question comes from Yashasvi A, who asks, what is Coinbase's strategy to deal with other exchanges with cheaper fees, apart from pricing, what are the levers can you pull to attract more customers?
Alesia Haas: Why don’t I take that one? So, just to be clear, our biggest focus right now is to keep up with the current demand. We are not focused on competing with fees, we're not trying to even win on fees, we're trying to win on being the most trusted, easiest to use, on providing all the assets that our customers want to transact with, on being able to provide a yield on crypto assets, the opportunity to engage in defi as Brian just talked about. Our customers choose us because they trust us to keep their assets safe. We provide an easy to use platform and a growing number of ways to transact and use crypto assets. Our institutions are choosing us for our secure storage as well offered by our solution, the deep liquidity we offer on our exchange, and our best trading execution where we are able to route orders across more than 10 liquidity venues, including other exchanges to find the best price to order -- to execute client orders. On the retail side, we're bundling custody and storage services into our trading fee and our customers really see value in the fees that we provide, based on the services. Crypto is so dynamic and is expanding and evolving every single week, which is to say, this is not a commodity service, and therefore, fees are not the sole basis that customers select who they engage with. In Q1, we saw our MTUs use grow up to 6.1 million, up over 200% compared to Q4 2020. So, while the crypto economy exploded, more and more users are choosing Coinbase and our services to access the crypto economy.
Anil Gupta: We have another question from Alan L, who asks, what is Coinbase's stance on government regulation over crypto currency? Are there any long term risks associated with this to Coinbase's core business model?
Brian Armstrong: Yes, so our stance on regulation is that we have always decided to embrace regulation and we've always assumed that for this industry to reach a billion people using the crypto economy which is what we want to do, it's going to have to be a regulated industry. And from the earliest days of Coinbase, we actually proactively reached out to regulators and sought to be an educational resource for them to teach them about crypto and tried to be thoughtful and proactive in our steps and doing a reasonable thing even if it wasn't necessarily required yet in the law. So, we're going to continue to follow that strategy. In fact, this week I was actually in DC meeting with a number of policymakers in the United States and we do that in a variety of countries around the world where we operate and our goal is really to continue to help educate and create clear regulatory frameworks where the entire crypto economy not just Coinbase, can thrive, because we need lots of startups and businesses to be built in this space. So, we generally see a lot of value in regulation we can -- we see it as a business enabler. We see it as an important long-term strategy. A question also asked about, are there any long-term risks associated with this? I mean I think the risk is that, basically, it causes us to move more slowly, it takes time to operate in that environment. There are certain occasions where there's products that our competitors might offer that we don't feel comfortable offering because of the feedback that we're getting from regulators. And so the risk is it's really around speed of execution, but I think the right approach is to not try and cut any corners, it’s to try to work with regulators to create a trusted environment and help the industry grow in that framework.
Anil Gupta: Our next question comes from Samir G [ph], who asks, what is your plan for international growth, which countries outside the U.S. are you most bullish on?
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the question Samir. International growth is a top priority and we are bullish on the global market overall. And while I say that, we are moving more slowly than we would like. We would always like to move faster in our approach to growth in the international markets. However, this is a multi-step, multi-quarter and sometimes multi-year process, and just like Brian just shared, it's because we take a regulated approach, and sometimes taking the regulated approach means that it is a little bit slower than we would like. We need to seek licenses to operate in these new countries. We seek new bank partnerships so that we can offer fiat to crypto realm, and those things take time to obtain. There's actually no single country outside the U.S. that we are most bullish on as our goal is to create economic freedom for all and that has no borders. We do have some current initiatives and process in Asia to begin expanding our offerings in that region, but we are looking globally and hope to be expanding as much as we can in all international markets.
Anil Gupta: Our next question comes from Adam P [ph], who asks, as cryptocurrency becomes more institutionally accepted and used by the banking industry, how will Coinbase respond? Will there be more of a push to work with these institutions rather than individuals?
Brian Armstrong: So we don't think of it as institutions rather than individuals, actually both of our those customer segments are equally important to us, both retail and institutional, and I think for -- there's a lot of fiat money in the world, both in institutions and with retail individuals, and so we need both of them to be served equally to get the crypto economy really off the ground and to have a billion people using it. Now, in terms of banks starting to work with cryptocurrency, I think there's actually an opportunity here for Coinbase to help and by that I mean, there's a lot of really difficult technology problems that we've had to solve in terms of how we integrate with dozens of blockchains, how we store cryptocurrency securely in a geographically distributed way, which is very difficult, how we do compliance on blockchains and do blockchain analytics and transaction monitoring in a way that meets our compliance obligations. And so what I think we can do is start to expose some of these solutions that we've built that other companies can build on upon, and we're doing that through a product called Coinbase cloud. You can imagine it is kind of like our AWS for crypto where we're starting to offer more API's and services like this that other banks and really any other kind of company can use to integrate with the blockchain. So I think that'll be a big opportunity for us over time.
Anil Gupta: Ed M [ph] and Nathaniel C [ph] both asked this question, what parameters are used to qualify various coins or tokens to add to your selection and why aren't there more choices? Additionally, how quickly can you process add debut issue coins as new coin prices can escalate quickly such that other exchanges get a new listing advantage?
Brian Armstrong: Yeah, this is a great question, similar to the first one about Doge in a way where I mentioned that I think there's going to be millions of different crypto assets out there, especially as we see new assets being created for new companies being created and there's even NFT's and individuals who are tokenizing their time and. And so in a world where there's going to be millions and millions of these crypto assets out there, we get this question a lot, how are you deciding, which ones to add, and how can you accelerate it? So, today, we use a number of factors, we look at cybersecurity around the coin to make sure that there's not going to be an issue that would cause customer loss. We also look at it from a legal point of view and a compliance point of view. There's various concerns out there about securities, for instance, and we've worked with things like the Crypto Rating Council to help create clear regulatory frameworks for this. So these are all things that we look at, but there's no doubt that we need to accelerate the process by which we review assets and we add them to the site, because we're quickly going to be in a world here where there's so many that we're not going to be able to keep up, unless we accelerate that process. The last thing I'll just mention -- well, sorry, the question also asked about debut coins, we sometimes call those day one listings. I think these are really important. In the past, we would sort of say, is this coin, has it reached some substantial scale, and then we would add it. But I think what we're going to have to do in the future is actually be first to list the number of these coins. And that's going to be really important to our business. The last thing I'll say is, we did launch a product called Coinbase Asset Hub. And the goal of this is to really help asset issuers out there to get more clarity about the process of how to get listed on Coinbase. So, any asset issuers can go there, submit a request, and we'll hopefully get more real time feedback from our team about making their way through that process and so we can demystify it, accelerate it and we've had hundreds of asset issuers submit through there and there's a backlog of assets that we need to get through.
Anil Gupta: Our next question comes from Ryan D [ph], who asks, I've seen significant Coinbase advertising as of late. What efforts are being put in into user base growth? What is the anticipated growth for this year? And does Coinbase expect this growth trajectory to remain constant in the coming years?
Alesia Haas: Thanks, Ryan. I'm glad that you've seen our advertising. So, historically, we spent less than 5% of revenue on sales and marketing, if you look at our financial results for 2019 and 2020. As we shared in our outlook, we're planning to make significant investment to increase our spend here, up to 12% to 15% of our net revenue. And we're beginning to see some early signs these investments are having traction, as evidenced by our update in our shareholder letter that our Q2 quarter-to-date MTU trends have been increasing from our Q1 levels. And also, what we've seen in Q2 is over two weeks our app has been at the top 10 free apps on iOS and Android. So we are seeing these efforts into our sales and marketing paying off. As we've shared earlier, we don't provide specific outlook on the growth, we provide scenarios about what the potential growth of our MTUs could be. And the other thing I would just note on your question at this point, expect this growth trajectory to remain constant in the coming years. Coinbase has shared with you historically, there's a lot of volatility in our revenue, as our revenue is influenced by trading volume on our platform, which in turn really reflects the overall crypto economy conditions, price of Bitcoin, crypto asset price volatility, the number of coins that are out in the market. And so, consistency is not a feature of our platform, we do expect volatility, but we do think we can grow over long term and over priced cycles in MTUs and the engagement of users on our platform. 
Anil Gupta: Great. So Erika, we'll turn it over to questions from the analysts.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson.
Lisa Ellis: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question and for doing this call. Great content already covered. I wanted to ask a follow up on the question about the – how you're, I guess partnering potentially with some of the traditional digital wallets and retail brokerages that are beginning to offer crypto investing to their consumers? Are you finding, you're engaging with these players like more as competitors or more as partners, I mean you called out in the shareholder letter that you're seeing interest in like white label versions I guess, it's sort of a Coinbase inside type of model, kind of what's your overall strategy, as we're seeing this like pretty rapid ramp of crypto capabilities at traditional brokerages? Thank you.
Brian Armstrong: Yeah, so I'll take a crack at it and Alesia, feel free to jump in. I think that, as I mentioned previously on the call. There are a lot of really hard technology problems that we had to solve in building Coinbase, and it's probably not, necessarily clear from the outside what some of those are. I think integrating with these blockchains turns out to be really difficult there, you need to be constantly in sync with them, they're upgrading, they're having various issues, where you need to have alerts and sync with the way with we store cryptocurrency turned out to be an incredibly hard problem from a cyber security point of view and we've gotten a number of intellectual property, things in place and a ton of infrastructure. So what we're seeing is that as a variety of companies out there begin to integrate crypto, whether they're brokerages or other fintechs or just regular companies, it could be anything at this point, or startups. They are often reaching out to us to say, hey, how can we build on top of this platform that you've built. I don't think that's going to necessarily attribute every company out there, some of them will try to build it in-house, some of them will try to use others in the space but we are seeing inbound interest and the strategy is essentially to productize the services that we've built in what we offer in this cloud. And that's something that we're investing in actively and have, you know, a sales team around and things like that. Alesia, anything you want to add?
Alesia Haas: No, I think that's right I think that we're optimistic that we can help get a billion users into crypto and part by being B2C, where we help get our own customers our problem but also in being B2B, where we can help other existing financial institutions offer crypto to their customers and hope that this creates a very vibrant crypto economy.
Brian Armstrong: Yeah I mean, just add to that, it's like some of those other companies may even be competitive with Coinbase, right and we're okay with that. We want the entire cryptoeconomy to grow. We think that, if other fintechs are offering some of these things but it's powered by Coinbase, that's great, it's bringing more and more people into the cryptoeconomy and so, at this stage, it's a lot of – it's a little bit like we're just trying to grow the size of the pie, kind of like, in the early days of the internet, you know, Google wanted there to be more websites out there, so we need the whole cryptoeconomy to grow and offering those services can help.
Operator: Your next question is from Kyle Voigt with KBW.
Kyle Voigt: Hi, good evening. Maybe just one on the retail transaction fee rate in the quarter, and the acquaint came in closer of 120 basis points versus where you were at last year at around 140 basis points. Was that driven by Coinbase Pro users hitting higher volume tiers or was it simply a mix of volume shifted towards the Coinbase Pro users versus the Coinbase com users and then can you just also, it was driven by that volume mix just wondering whether you're seeing any migration of customers from Coinbase to Coinbase Pro, or was it just about those existing Coinbase Pro users simply trading much more. Thank you. 
Alesia Haas: Thanks. I’ll address that question. You're absolutely, right. What we saw in Q1, given the heightened volumes, we saw higher volumes amongst the Coinbase Pro users. And just for others listening on the call, within our retail suite, we have some of our customers using the Coinbase consumer app and some using the Coinbase Pro app, and the Coinbase Pro app offers tiered pricing based on volume. So, the more volume trades, the fee is at a lower rate. And so as those Pro users increase their volume, their weighted average fee rate came down. We did not see any material movement between the two products between the consumer app and the Pro app and so it really was just additional volume coming on the Pro app that drove lower fees in Q1.
Operator: Your next question is from Kenneth Hill with Loop Capital.
Kenneth Hill: Great. Hey good afternoon everyone. I wanted to go back to that question on geographic outlook for Coinbase. Alicia, I think you said you're moving a little more slowly in other regions as given you're taking a more regulated approach. I was hoping you could talk to maybe a little bit about maybe what countries have the most mature regulatory environment? I think about a quarter of your revenues today come from rest of the world. And then kind of as you think about expanding outside the US, how do you kind of pitch the sales and marketing effort there? Maybe where your brand loyalty is in as strong or regular safeguards aren't quite as important to customers in maybe some of those other markets? Thanks. 
Alesia Haas: Thanks. And Brian maybe I'll start and please feel free to jump in. So, today we offer a full suite of products and services in the US and in the UK and in Europe. So, when we've disclosed our rest of world step today, most of that -- 99% of that 25% that you mentioned, is in the UK and Europe and that's where we offer to crypto services. We do market in those countries, similar to the approach that we do in the US. We do not have significant efforts in global marketing outside of those regions at this time and so when I was addressing the comment earlier, what we're really looking to do is expand our fee to crypto services and more and more countries as that's what we can provide the full suite of the Coinbase platform, and the benefits that we offer to add more users and more countries. And so to do that that is what requires getting licenses, getting bank partnerships to be able to provide those rail. And once we do that, we would then extend marketing in those countries and introduce the Coinbase brand. Obviously, we would need to deal with the proper research and localize the product offering as appropriate. But we are in the early days where we're getting the infrastructure set up to do more global expansion and we're not yet at the point of marketing.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Palmer with BTIG.
Mark Palmer: Yes, thank you for taking my question. Wanted to get your take on what kind of demand you are seeing on the institutional side for your new prime brokerage product from hedge funds from large mutual fund complexes. How would you assess that demand? And if you could give some insight as well on the lending aspect of the prime brokerage product and what its prospects are? Thank you. 
Alesia Haas: Great, maybe I'll start here again and Brian, please jump in. So, we're seeing great interest from all corners of institutions, whether they're hedge funds, asset managers, corporate, pensions endowments, insurance, I mean you name it and people have started to explore interest in Bitcoin, Ethereum, and increasingly even a longer tail of crypto assets. And they're coming to us and looking for our services and custody and our liquidity pools that we provide on our exchange and then our smart order router which enables us to get best pricing on a number of these transactions. So, incredible interest from all corners. Institutions are right now doing a lot of work on assessing these platforms, doing the due diligence, ensuring that they have trusted service providers in the space and we are proud to say that we are winning many of those mandates and growing our customer base. Today what we offer as you see in our financials is largely trading and custody. We are looking to expand our Borrow & Lend products we've been building out the full suite of prime brokerage services that those firms will be accustomed to see in a traditional financial services prime broker, but the Borrow & Lend products are very nascent at this time, and we expect to see future growth in that area.
Brian Armstrong: Yeah. The only thing I would add is one other customer segment we're seeing interest from there is corporate treasuries as well.
Mark Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Harshita Rawat with Bernstein.
Harshita Rawat: It’s front row seat in the development of the crypto ecosystem, you've coined the term crypto economy. I know it's a hard question, given the early innings that we are in, but can you talk about some of the most powerful applications of crypto in the next five, 10 years in terms of the size data values. And how can Coinbase participate as an on ramp to the crypto economy? Thank you.
Brian Armstrong: Yeah, I mean that's a great question about the future, and in some ways we were in a tough spot trying to predict the future here, we can give you a couple of themes that we're excited about. But I think if we were sitting here in 1999 trying to predict what the internet would be in five or 10 years, we probably would have gotten a lot of it wrong. So, I think we're seeing crypto, first, be used as for investment, people are trading it. We're now, that will come at the stage one. Stage two is crypto in financial services, and so that's where you're starting to see things like decentralized exchanges, DeFi, decentralized borrowing and lending, decentralized insurance. And so I think that trend will continue and you'll see greater adoption of DeFi. And then I guess in the third phase, what we're going see here in the future is really around crypto as an app platform. And so that could mean people using crypto as kind of like the next version of the internet, they will build their application natively on blockchains, even if they have nothing to do with financial services, and we're seeing some early signs of that, people are doing things like identity management, they're creating games, they're doing things like artwork with NFT's, very creative things like that, they could be even used in virtual world, social sites like Reddit, for instance, has come out and said they want to use Ethereum in certain ways on their application. You could imagine new versions of social media being created on blockchains perhaps in a way where users own their own data, which could be interesting. And I think you'll see new forms of governance and voting too where people are creating new types of autonomous organizations where proposals can be voted on by people with these coins and all over the world coordinating on various problems and challenges. So that's just a, like a hint at what's happening, by the way there's also, I think more and more central banks will start to create digital currencies, we've seen a lot of activity there in China, and I think and hope that the U.S. and other countries will follow. Coinbase is coin agnostic and so we want to support every crypto asset out there that's legal and safe for customers and so we would include those assets as well along the way. So I think you'll just see it really is, kind of, like we're at the very early days of the internet, and I think you're seeing a ton of innovation and hopefully that gives you a sense of some of the opportunities in the future as well. Erica, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Your final question comes from Owen Lau with Oppenheimer.
Owen Lau: Good afternoon and thank you for taking my question. I think it's still in early days, but I think your cash balance almost doubled to $2 billion in three months and your second quarter trading volumes so far I think seems to be strong. So what is the capital management priority regarding reinvesting back to the business, M&A, buybacks and things like that? And if there's a disconnect between the fundamentals of Coinbase, as a whole, in the stock price, how would you think about even initiating buybacks? Thank you.
Alesia Haas: Thanks for the question. Our focus is on growth. Our focus is on investing both organically and in organically in growth, so expanding our product suite growing our MTUs, expanding geographically as we spoke about earlier. And we'll do that through hiring, we'll do that through investing in technology and through acquisitions, where that makes sense with our product roadmap. We are not focused on deploying that cash for share repurchases at this time, nor for dividends or any other capital actions, as we've shared with you, there is a lot of volatility in our earnings and we are investing in growth. When revenues are high and when revenues are low, until we use the cash that we build up on our balance sheet in these periods of high revenue and high profitability, to prepare for potential crypto winters where we could see a decline in our revenues. And we want to ensure that we have the balance sheet that can support us in all environments, because we're building for the long term, and think that we're going to have amazing future of profitability at some point in time, but we need to invest in this product suite and revenue diversification to get there.
Owen Lau: Okay. Thank you very much.
Anil Gupta: Great. Well, thank you everyone for joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you on our next call.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.
